 Mr. Speaker, this issue is so important, and I thank the  chairman for putting this together because this is the message that we  need to continue to speak about.   Being from south Texas, our district sees every week the effects of  this and has for years. I have met the young women who have been  abused. I have been to the ranchers who have found rape trees on their  properties. We have seen now throughout the Nation of the effects of  the drugs that are pouring into our community. Under the Trump  administration we had actually seen a decrease in drug overdoses in our  country for the first time in a long time. Now we know that fentanyl is  the number one killer of young people in our country.   All this is because this administration has chosen, instead of  partnering with communities to protect our border, to be the last mile  delivery system for the cartels. And so whatever dollars we send them,  they repurpose. Instead of using them for securing our border and to  doing the things we sent them to do, they have retasked the  individuals, as has been mentioned, but they turn them into the last  mile delivery system for the cartels. So we are aiding and abetting  cartels to profit hundreds of millions of dollars constantly and  continually.   What this does is not only destabilizing for our country, we know of  community members, of course, all of us, whose families have been  affected by the drug epidemic in our country; we know of crime going up  in cities; we know of communities burdened with hospitals and schools  having to figure out how to deal with this administration who will not  work with them or let them know when midnight drops are being made in  their community and the like.   I talked to a farmer today--not only do farmers deal with the migrant  traffic through their crops and such--about the cartel. Basically the  cartel controls everything. They have the operational control on the  southern side of the border, so everything illicit and not comes  across. So in the ag industry, for example, a lot of cows will start in  Mexico and come to a feedyard in the United States before they make it  to market. Well, to cross into the United States they are having to pay  cartels a couple thousand dollars to make it through their property,  and that is what we would consider the legal trade, the proper trade;  not to mention the illicit drugs and the human trafficking that is  going on. We continue to allow this to happen because of the Biden  administration.    Now, if you think of this, if we were to ask the cartels to design a  border policy for the United States, it would look very much like the  border policy we have now because, frankly, they don't want open  borders. What they want is just a shred--an illusion--of security so  that they can continue to profit off of getting people and getting  drugs into the United States of America.   So we have got to stop this as a country. We cannot continue to aid  and abet cartels to do their illegal and illicit activity. We cannot  continue to allow a narco-state to develop on our southern border and  is now working its way into our country. This is ridiculous.   When I am trying to explain this to people back home, people back  home in Texas ask me: What does the Biden administration not get?   What do they not get?   How bad does it have to get before they understand it?   We saw it today with Secretary Mayorkas saying that we are  effectively managing the border.   I have to explain to Texans that this administration simply has  different goals than you do. We think border security; they think what  can we do to aid and abet cartels.  [[Page H4573]]    This is tragic. It has to stop. We have a title 42 discharge  resolution with 211 Republicans on it. We need seven Democrats. There  has been a lot of lip service as we get close to election time about  supporting title 42. Put your name on the line. We only need seven of  you to stand up.   