 Madam Speaker, it is time to set our people free. After 124  years, it is past time for Americans in Puerto Rico to decide their own  form of government.   The Puerto Rico Status Act will finally allow Puerto Ricans to throw  off their colonial bonds, finally end their territorial status and  choose for themselves: statehood, independence, and sovereignty with  free association. What a historic day today is in the U.S. House of  Representatives.   With the option of statehood, which is my preference, it is simple.  Puerto Rico would become the 51st State in our Nation, with all the  representation rights of our States.   With independence, they would become an independent nation, a  sovereign free to decide their own future.   With sovereignty with free association, they would be an independent  nation and would have the right to enter into a compact, a contract  between the United States and Puerto Rico that would provide for  citizenship for a limited time, foreign policy agreements, among other  matters.   The history of this bill this term is really important to discuss. We  had two hearings that lasted a day each. We had bipartisan negotiations  with the great leader on the Republican side, Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon,  the very voice of the island of Puerto Rico, along with my colleagues  Nydia Velazquez, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, our great chairman here,  and, of course, our leader.   It is bipartisan. Just to make sure, we had another nearly daylong  hearing, meeting with stakeholders on the island after the draft was  released.   Then, of course, we had a markup. That lasted all day. In fact, I  can't think of a single bill that we have gotten out of the Natural  Resources Committee that we spent more time on this term than this  bill.    Of course, we see a long history of discrimination against  territories, or excuses for why territories shouldn't become States.   With Texas, they said, ``Could a nation become a State?'' But they  got in.   With New Mexico, they talked about a majority Hispanic native State.  It took them nearly 70 years. They got in.   In Utah, there was religious discrimination. In Hawaii, it was a  nation and a predominantly native island--Alaska, as well.   One by one, we admitted these territories as States based upon their  desire to join the Union.   At this moment, I can't help but well up with emotion. I think about  the brave, Borinqueneers, who fought in World War I, World War II,  Korea. Puerto Ricans serve in our armed services to this day in greater  numbers, in many instances, than States. Many died fighting for a  country that organized them into segregated units, sent them there on  orders of a Commander in Chief for whom they could not vote under our  laws. Yet, as Puerto Ricans, as Americans, they did so proudly,  sacrificing their lives for our freedom.   I think about my trips to Iraq and Afghanistan during the global war  on terror. I can never forget traveling through the vast desert of  Kuwait and, upon landing at an isolated base, there was the Puerto  Rican flag flying in the middle of the desert. You have to wonder, what  were they doing there? It is out of love of this country that they were  there.   I was similarly welcomed by a Puerto Rican medical unit proudly  serving in Afghanistan under constant threat of danger.   I think about those families I met after Hurricane Maria and the  devastation caused there, the most deadly disaster in modern history.  That was a watershed moment for so many of us. It just showed how  fragile the rights of those on the island were, recovering from Puerto  Rico's worst disaster, with Hurricane Maria.  [[Page H9878]]    I also think of my bisabuela, Altagracia Casanova. Born just after  the turn of the 20th century, I met her for the first time when she was  in her late eighties during my first trip to the island. I was only 3  years old. We developed a close relationship, and she ultimately lived  to 96 years old.   Her life spanned nearly a century. All the while, she lived in a  colonial territory as a second-class citizen in the greatest democracy  in the world. What a tragedy. What an irony.   I think about my abuela, Sara Casanova, who would come to the  mainland every summer to spend time with us, teach us the language and  history, enjoy our native food and music, and familiarize us with our  family's native culture.   She died right before my first successful primary to the Florida  House of Representatives back in 2007. But before she passed, even with  a fading memory, she read about the campaign in La Prensa and cried.  She understood it was a historic moment for our family, a passing of  the torch to the next generation.   I carry that torch into this Chamber, and I ask you all to support  freedom for our family back on the island, just like we expect for  every other American.   