 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous  question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 471 to reinstate  title 42 and protect our Nation from the influx of drugs and illegal  immigrants flocking across our southern border.   Mr. Speaker, it is no coincidence that a 480 percent spike in border  encounters, combined with a 68 percent drop in deportations, has led to  the most deadly year on record for opioid overdoses.   This administration must answer for its atrocious public health  record. The fentanyl that is invading our schools and killing our  children is coming across the southern border. No mask is going to  protect them from the dangers hiding in what appears to be an everyday  painkiller. And this administration isn't going to protect them either.    Unlike President Biden and border czar, Harris, I have been to the  southern border. In fact, I have been there four times. I have seen the  gaping holes where a wall should be, the vast areas of land where  smugglers can walk into our country virtually unchecked.   Lifting title 42 will open the flood gates even further. Like pouring  hot water into a cold glass, the rule of law at our southern border is  shattering.   Right now, in America, your child is forced to be vaccinated and wear  a mask in order to attend school, but illegal immigrants are bused  around the country without so much as a COVID test.   Explain to me how a President can justify extending pandemic-era  student loan pauses, advocate for mask mandates on airplanes, and  insist on vaccine mandates for healthcare workers, but when it comes to  protecting our immigration system, suddenly the pandemic is no longer a  concern.   If you are worried about contracting COVID, I suggest spending time  at the southern border, because apparently, you can't contract it  there.   Title 42 is a necessary rule that is preventing our border crisis  from becoming a full-blown catastrophe. Removing it now would shackle  our Border Patrol agents and threaten our immigration system, as we  know it.   