 Mr. Speaker, today we spend an average of  $100 billion a year responding to disasters; $100 billion. This is a  number that we can't afford to continue responding, continue reacting  to disasters.   The National Institute of Building Sciences has done all sorts of  analyses looking at the efficacy of making investments on the front  end, Mr. Speaker, so we are not in a situation where, as in the  chairman's case, we are having to go into Oregon, Washington,  California, or other States out West, and pick up the pieces of these  communities destroyed by forest fires; so we don't have to go into  these communities that have been impacted by severe winter storms,  communities living along rivers that have been inundated by floods, or  communities on the southern coast, the Gulf Coast, or the East Coast  that have been pummeled by hurricanes, such as our home State of  Louisiana, with just in recent years, Hurricanes Laura, Delta, Zeta,  Ida; some of the most powerful hurricanes to ever make landfall in the  United States.   The National Institute of Building Sciences has found that for every  $1 you invest in natural mitigation solutions, you get up to $13 in  savings. By adopting more resilient building standards, building codes,  you get up to $11 in savings.   Let me say it again, Mr. Speaker. We can't afford to keep doing this.  $100 billion a year. As Ranking Member Graves noted a few minutes ago,  back in 2018 we worked on a bipartisan basis to, actually, enact the  BRIC program, to really take the PDM, the Pre-Disaster Mitigation grant  program, and put it on steroids. Based on the incredible popularity of  the program, the progress that has been made, this legislation helps to  advance it even further. By increasing the funds that are available  and, most importantly, by eating into that $100 billion we are spending  in taxpayer funds every year responding to disasters, reducing that  cost, Mr. Speaker, and the most important thing is the actual impact on  the ground.   Those communities out West that are dealing with forest fires,  helping to stop, prevent, and contain those forest fires.   Those communities that are experiencing devastation from winter  storms, helping to protect and make them more resilient.   Communities that are getting repetitive floods, making sure those  communities can withstand those floods, and those communities that we  represent in south Louisiana that have had hurricane after hurricane  that are truly challenging the existence, the livelihood of those  communities, helping to make sure they can withstand these storms, and  we can continue to live life and enjoy life in coastal communities like  south Louisiana.   Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman DeFazio and Chairwoman  Titus, Ranking Member Graves, and Ranking Member Webster.   We were able to include two amendments in here. Number one, we worked  with Congressman Dunn on a very important amendment. Right now, FEMA  takes so long to reimburse communities in the aftermath of a disaster,  in many cases our parishes, our counties, and States have to take out  loans, so there is an amendment added to this bill that mandates that  FEMA pay the interest costs of the loan. If they are going to take  forever to reimburse, they can at least cover the loan costs, the  interest costs on the loan.   The second one is a government efficiency provision. Right now, the  Corps of Engineers has the most arduous process in the Federal  Government for developing projects, including cost-to-benefit ratios,  environmental analysis, and technical feasibility, yet under current  law, Corps of Engineers' projects are prohibited from receiving funds  under the BRIC program or PDM. This fixes it. If that is the best  solution, if that is the greatest cost savings, if it is the best  efficiency of the dollar, my goodness, we shouldn't be stopping it, we  should be incentivizing it.   I want to thank all the folks who worked together on this  legislation. I look forward to enactment. I urge adoption of the bill.   