 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7077, the  Empowering the U.S. Fire Administration Act, which is an important  piece of bipartisan legislation to support the U.S. Fire  Administration.   I was honored to join my colleague we just heard from, Mr. Ritchie  Torres, in introducing this bill, spurred from a terrible and  heartbreaking tragedy in his district in New York.   That fire in the Bronx apartment building left us with many  questions. Upon further examination, it became clear that there is  currently a lack of coordination between the Federal U.S. Fire  Administration and other State and local authorities. In fact, the U.S.  Fire Administration does not have the authority to conduct on-site  investigations of major fires. As a result, our State and local  authorities are limited in their capabilities to investigate major  fires.   The U.S. Fire Administration's expertise can and should be used to  the fullest extent, in coordination with all existing authorities  responsible for fire investigations.   That is why H.R. 7077 is so important. It simply addresses the  existing coordination gap between Federal, State, and local  authorities. It allows the U.S. Fire Administration to send  investigators, including safety specialists, fire protection engineers,  codes and standards experts, and fire training specialists to the site  of a major fire so that these experts can then work on the ground with  their State and local authorities to determine causes, examine building  failures, provide answers to those affected by the fires, and establish  lessons learned so similar tragedies can be prevented in the future.   The tragedy we saw in the Bronx was heartbreaking and should never  have happened. We need answers, and we also need to ensure that  something like this does not happen again. It is past time to allow the  experts at all levels, Federal, State, and local, to coordinate and  help us achieve this goal. This bill has received support from fire  departments across the country, including my hometown of Grand Rapids,  with our Grand Rapids Fire Department offering its support.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Torres, without whom this wouldn't have  happened, Ms. Stevens, and Mr. Gonzalez for their work on this bill, as  well as my dear colleague, Mrs. Bice, for her work.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of  legislation.   