 Mr. President, for months now, American babies have endured  an unprecedented and prolonged formula shortage. Some doctors have  called this the worst crisis of their careers. It has become so  widespread that nearly everyone knows someone who has been personally  affected. Desperate parents have scoured online marketplaces. They  reached out to family and friends for help. They paid exorbitant  markups just to feed their babies. In some worst-case scenarios, some  have even resorted to dangerous homemade formulas. In the U.S.A., no  parent should be left to wonder how they are going to feed their  newborn baby.   After months of work and bipartisan collaboration with my colleagues  in the House and the Senate, I rise to pass needed reforms that will  finally provide relief to hungry babies. Today, we can take action to  alleviate a crisis largely of the Federal Government's own creation.   Poor governance has crippled our domestic formula market. Tariffs and  regulations have prevented safe foreign formulas from entering the  United States, even while we are experiencing this acute shortage at  home.   Currently, the government imposes a 17.5-percent minimum tariff on  formula imports. This tariff has stifled competition. But it doesn't  have to be that way. We can lift these substantial tariffs on the  importation of baby formulas and reduce the costs borne by retailers to  provide access to safe, affordable formula. Doing so will expand the  severely limited formula options for American consumers. This modified  version of the Formula Act does just that by waiving these tariffs  through the end of this year.   While passing my bill won't provide immediate relief, our work is far  from complete. I am committed to doing everything I can not only to  provide this relief now but also to make the necessary permanent  reforms to our system to ensure that a crisis like this never arises  again.   We still have work to do, and we must further our efforts by allowing  WIC recipients to buy whatever brand of formula might be available. We  must make meaningful reforms to how the FDA regulates the formula  industry. Passing this bill today is the first step. In the meantime, I  am actively working on expanding the list of products to receive  temporary relief from tariffs. While this is an important first step,  it is certainly not the last.   This crisis is such that American babies cannot wait any longer than  they already have. We have a moral obligation to these infants to say  that we did everything we possibly could to fight for them.   Passing the Formula Act will be an incredible win for families and  hungry babies everywhere. It will make meaningful headway that is so  desperately needed today. By suspending the tariff on formula imports,  we are providing cheaper access to individual consumers and to  retailers alike. This relief has been long overdue and long overdue  especially for Utahns, who have the largest families, the most children  per capita, and the highest birth rate.   I am grateful for the countless hours of behind-the-scenes work and  successful negotiations with my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans  alike, in the House and in the Senate, which have resulted in a win for  our most vulnerable Americans--babies. I look forward to continuing  this important work with them.   Passing my Formula Act today is a victory for families and for babies  everywhere.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of H.R. 8351.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.   