 Mr. President, I rise to talk about my dear friend Pat  Toomey. My dear friend from Maine mentioned what we worked on. We  worked on many pieces of legislation together, and Pat was always a  stalwart.   As far as when it came to financial matters, I think Pat was the go- to person, whether you were a Democrat or Republican, to get his  opinion on finances. Basically, whether it be taxes or tax credits or  extenders, whatever it may be, Pat would give you an answer, and Pat  was accurate.   But I saw a different side of Pat on December 14, 2012, when 26  people were killed in Sandy Hook. Twenty of them were children, 6 and 7  years old. And I saw the heart and soul of Pat Toomey.   I knew I had to do something. I couldn't live with it. I come from  what we call a very gun-friendly atmosphere, environment in my State of  West Virginia. Pat, being my next door neighbor in Pennsylvania, had  the same, and we knew that it was difficult. So I decided that I wanted  to introduce a bill, but I needed a partner. I needed a true partner  who believed. Pat stepped forward, and we had the Manchin-Toomey  background check.    It was the beginning. And what drove us was the compassion, Pat's  compassion and his heart and soul. This massacre that happened to these  children should never have happened. School should be the safest place  a child goes and a parent can at least breathe easily. And seeing what  they went through--and I think we bonded with all of the parents. We  still to this day talk to them, and our hearts and prayers are with  them.   Pat was with me side by side to fight the good fight. We came up a  few votes short. Looking back on that, that would have been a  tremendous beginning many years ago. It could have prevented an awful  lot of the senseless, horrific tragedies that have happened, with  families losing their children.   With that, my dear friend, I want to say thank you. That was a bill  that--I think we did everything in that bill for the right reason. We  didn't want to take anyone's guns away from them. We wanted to make  sure people could still enjoy the hunting that we grew up with, the  sports shooting that we enjoyed--all of the recreational things you do  with guns when you come from a gun culture. Pat and I called it gun  sense. You just have to have some gun sense. And it is the truth, but  we had to educate people.   On the other hand, we were saying we wanted to make sure that--we  grew up in an atmosphere where we were taught as young children: You  know, you don't sell your gun to a stranger.  [[Page S7226]]  You don't even loan your gun to a family member who is irresponsible.  That is your prized possession. You are responsible. That is a lethal  weapon. You are responsible.   That is how we were raised. We both understood that. But if we were  understanding that, then basically we thought, We all had to have  permits when we went and bought a gun. We all bought guns and went  through background checks, and everybody should. So if I didn't want to  sell my gun to a stranger, why should a gun show with loopholes do it?  Why should you be able to mail a gun across State lines and do it? Why  should that happen?   That is what we were trying to do, is close the loopholes. Make this  common gun sense.   Pat, you stood tall. You really did, buddy. And I know it was a  tough, tough period of time. But we did the right thing, and we are  seeing some changes now. We need more changes. But it is gun sense and  common sense but also protecting people's rights. We can do both in  America.   We are going to miss you, buddy. We really are going to miss you. You  have been something special here.   I met both of your children. I went up and spoke to their school at  Harvard, and I just enjoyed it very much. And when they introduced  themselves, I could tell right away that they were their mother's  children and they had the spirit of their dad. I can tell you that too.   But, anyway, it has been a pleasure calling you my friend, and you  always will be my friend. God bless and Godspeed, my friend.    Mr. President, I am here today to speak about a very  important piece of legislation we have coming before us, and we have an  amendment to that legislation. The legislation, of course, is the  National Defense Authorization Act.   This piece of legislation is something that we do annually in order  to basically protect our country and be able to defend ourselves and be  able to maintain the superpower status that we are. Part of that is  what they call energy security, energy independence. You cannot be a  superpower in the world if you do not have energy independence, and you  can't be secure if you don't have energy independence.   Now, what has happened to us since this horrible war that Putin has  bestowed upon the citizens of Ukraine is that he has weaponized energy.  We have seen it coming. He has basically doubled down, so he has put  Europe in a tremendous bind.   On top of that, we have seen the necessity that we have and the  reality of the world we live in. We use fossil fuels, but can we use  them cleaner and better? Absolutely. We do it better than anyplace in  the world, and we can use it and do more to it.   We have a piece of legislation--a couple of them. We have the  bipartisan infrastructure bill that we worked on across the aisle, and  now we have the Inflation Reduction Act, the IRA. Those two pieces of  legislation are unbelievably unprecedented in our country.   What the IRA does is this, simply: It guarantees energy security. For  10 years, we are going to be able to basically produce fossil energy in  the United States of America--more of it, better and cleaner, than at  any time in the world--while we are also going to invest record amounts  of money into new, clean technology for the future. You can't eliminate  one.   People say: Well, my definition on energy and on climate is  elimination. I want to eliminate--no coal, no oil, no gas.   Well, you are not living in the real world, and you have just seen  that happen.   Our Nation, when we got pinched a little bit by these high prices  that people are paying at the pump, we started thinking about removing  sanctions from Iran--the most prolific terrorist supporters in the  world--and giving them money to continue to do what they do, which is  to wreak havoc on the world.   We are also talking about lifting the sanctions on Venezuela, which  basically has very little oversight as far as environmental controls,  because we needed it. We wanted someone else to do what we wouldn't do,  and that is just wrong. It is not who we are as a country.   We can do it. We can lead the world. We are the superpower, and that  means we have to produce everything that we have, an all-in energy  policy, better than anyplace else in the world.   Now, in order to do that, we passed a piece of legislation that puts  us on two paths. You can walk and chew gum. You have to have fossil.  Now, if you are doing fossil, which is cleaner--that means carbon  capture and sequestration--we put billions of dollars in there for  that. On top of that, we put billions of dollars for methane, plugging  old wells, abandoned mine lands--we are cleaning up everything.  Tremendous.   If you are using the fossil that we use in the United States--cleaner  and helping our allies around the world--we have been able to help the  climate more than it can ever be helped by anything else. As we develop  the new technologies of the world--hydrogen--we can make that all day  long.   We are on the verge of doing something unbelievable, but let me tell  you, most of it will be for naught because without permitting reform-- the United States of America is more litigious than any nation on Earth  that has been developed, anyone. It takes longer to do anything here.  We have people talking about how they have been trying to get permits  for 16 years. Canada, average of 3 years; our friends in Australia,  Down Under, 2 to 3 years; us, 5, 7, 10, and more.   This is a 10-year path we have. We have appropriated money in this  piece of legislation for a 10-year path.   A lot of the programs we want to do, whether it is building  pipelines, whether it is building new transmission lines to carry the  energy that we need, whether it is developing new, cleaner  technologies, whether it is carrying pipelines that are carrying  hydrogen and CO2, we have all of this that we need, and it  is not going to happen, and I just can't believe it.   Here is the thing I can't believe: All of my Republican friends--and  I have worked with them, and I know they are upset when politics plays  into this, but they are upset about the IRA. We did it through  reconciliation. Well, it is the only vehicle we had--the only vehicle  we had--to do something that was monumental. And we did that by working  with my colleagues on the other side for the last 5 years.   My colleagues on the other side, my Republican friends, have always  said: Joe, we have to have more energy. Well, guess what, the IRA is  going to put more energy in. The Inflation Reduction Act is going to  produce more  [[Page S7231]]  oil, more gas, cleaner than anywhere in the world, and we are going to  have more energy.   Why did you call it inflation reduction? Because if you have more  product, you can reduce the price. It is pretty simple--supply and  demand. So we are on that.   They said: Well, we have to pay down debt.   Well, guess what the IRA did. It paid down over $250 billion of  debt--the first time in history. For 30 years, we haven't paid down on  debt. We did. So we have done so many things, but that seems to be a  pretty good thing that is kind of stuck in their craw, and I am ashamed  of that. I am afraid of that. And I am basically afraid for our  country, that we are going down a path where it is all about the  politics and all about the policy.   The policy is, the permitting bill that we have in front of us has  been worked. We have worked it, and we have been sitting down and  talking for 2 or 3 months. We have talked with our Senators on this  side, we have talked with our Senators on the Republican side, and we  looked at different things.   We are not basically eliminating any of the review process. We are  basically expediting how we do it, and that is all we are asking for.  We are asking the courts to expedite when they take this under  consideration because of the environment. The environment is near and  dear to all of us, and we all have a responsibility.   What we haven't taken into consideration is, if we don't do this, we  will not be able to maintain independence, energy independence, which  means energy security, which means national security. That is what we  are not taking into consideration.   Who are we going to ask to do what we won't do for ourselves? Who is  going to come to our rescue? We didn't see the Saudis coming. We didn't  say--that didn't work too well. Nothing else is coming on board.   So I had a thing in this bill, and they said: Oh, it is a dirty deal  with Joe, the Mountain Valley Pipeline. Oh yeah.   So 283 miles are completed of that pipeline, out of 303. Ninety-three  percent is completed. We have a pipeline there that comes out of West  Virginia that is a gathering with Southwestern Pennsylvania. It is also  Southeast Ohio, the Marcellus Shale. It will put 2 billion cubic feet  of gas per day into the market. You need more product in the market. It  will backfill in the South and the Southwest. It will also help at  Coves Point. You have LNG for all of our allies who are in desperate  need of it.    So much is being done, and it has been so politicized. So if you want  to know why people are upset, you want to know why they are mad, watch  this place operate for a while.   I had a person one time said: Joe, I just can't believe what I see on  television.   I said: Oh, you are upset, and you are mad, and you can't believe  what you see on television when you are sitting in your nice,  comfortable home? Try it from my seat. Try it from this seat, when you  have got to play politics day in and day out to do what is right for  our country.   If we don't have energy, we are not the country--my little State has  given its all. We have produced the coal for the last hundred years  that built the ships, built the guns, and built basically everything  that we have had, the guns and ships and built America. We are probably  one of the most patriotic States in the Nation. We have more people,  lost more blood, given more life for the cause of freedom than most any  State.   We are willing to do whatever it takes. We do the heavy lifting and  don't complain--never have. But yet we try to do something now to  produce more energy because the country needs it--oh, you can't put a  dirty pipeline in. It is not; it is gas. It is transitional fuel. We  need it. You are going to have it for quite a while, so why don't you  use it from where you have it? The best supply in the world is right  here next door. Yet the politics is being played.   They are afraid that maybe--I am up in cycle in 2024, that this might  give me a leverage to get reelected. I have been on the ballot for 40  years. I don't know what is going to happen. I don't know what tomorrow  is going to bring. I know what we have before us today. You have an  unbelievable opportunity that is not going to happen in our lifetime  again.   If we don't pass permitting reform right now--my Republican friends  are saying: Oh, don't worry, when we have control of the House, we will  be able to have a better deal.   My friends, let me say this: You had from 2016 to 2020. You had a  President who was a Republican. The House was Republican. The Senate  was Republican. You only had one vote for permitting reform, and that  was mine as a Democrat--nobody else. Now we are going to have a  supermajority of Democrats who are willing to move forward and maybe  not be all comfortable about it, but it is the right thing to do, and  now, because of politics, my friends aren't going to step to the plate?  That is what they don't like. That is what people don't like. That is  the politics that basically is destroying our country. You can't have  it.   So I come before you to ask for your support on a piece of  legislation. There is so much good that we can do. We can fix the  mistakes that we have made. But you can't do it if you don't have the  energy to provide the citizens of your country to have the  opportunities to defend themselves and be able to help our allies  around the world. We will not maintain superpower status, I can assure  you, if that can't be done.   This piece of legislation, without the permitting--we have been able  to do so much in the bipartisan infrastructure bill, the Inflation  Reduction Act, and now having this--to be able to put it into operation  is something that is desperately needed.   So, with that, I can only say that I pray to the Good Lord that we  can put our politics aside and look at what is needed and go back home  and tell the people this was absolutely--it is a win for everybody. It  truly is a win for everybody.   This is something that I don't know how we can explain it if we vote  against it. I don't know how we wouldn't vote for it. It is something  we have all wanted.   Let me make one more point. All 50 of my Republican colleagues have  signed on to a piece of legislation which is permitting--with my  colleague from West Virginia--which is permitting reform, all 50. They  know it needs to be done.   Now, if you are going to let the perfect be the enemy of the good,  you are going to say: Well, it is just not good enough. Is it 50  percent, is it 70 percent better than what we have ever had? Is it  moving in the right direction? Does it build a foundation? Does it give  you something to work off of? I believe it does because you have had  tremendous amount of input.   That is all I am asking for. I am asking for a fair evaluation of a  piece of legislation that will not pass through these Halls again.   So with that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I need to respond to that. I wasn't  intending to do so, but I want to clarify that, and I would hope my  good friend would listen to my clarification because it is in the bill.   And either someone maybe had not informed you, sir, but, basically,  that can't be done, what you said. I can't charge you in Kansas if the  line passes through Kansas and you don't benefit from it. If there is  no improved reliability, if it didn't reduce congestion, if it didn't  reduce or lower power losses, if it wasn't greater carrying capacity,  if it didn't reduce operating reserve--all of these that you have to  have benefit to have any cost. We made that in the bill. We were very,  very correct.   You know who brought that to me? Senator Cramer, our good friend from  North Dakota, my Republican friend from North Dakota. He said: Joe, you  can't do that.   Now, the other thing is, you were saying that, basically, the States  lose all their rights. Again, Senator Cramer said: Joe, you have got to  at least have 1 year. I said: It makes sense to me.   Now, let me tell you what happens. If there is new energy coming into  the market, wherever it is coming from, new transmission lines coming  in, if that line is going to come into a State and the State thinks it  is invading its territory--because most of all of the utilities have  monopolies on their grid system, correct? They all have monopolies.  They don't want anyone infringing on that.   Well, guess what? They all have great relationships with the public  service commissions. If the public service commission is saying: OK.  Who wants to come in here?--and they are coming--and they say: Let's  sit down and talk.   Now, if the person who is already there--let's say you have your own  power company and you have the utility lines or the grid system, and  you say: I am not going to expand. I am not bringing any more power  because I am not going to develop over here. It is not profitable for  me.   Then they have got to make a decision, your PSC. Now, if you all  can't agree in 1 year and it is something of national interest, then it  can move.   But think what would happen if Dwight Eisenhower, building the  interstate highway system--from, I think, your part of the world--the  great general, the great President, OK. This would have never happened.  He would have never built the interstate system. How about the  interstate pipeline system? We would have never had the energy we have  today.   All we are asking for is the opportunity to bring energy to the  market where it is needed. That is all.   And then when you said: Well, it is going to be a litigious  nightmare--that is what we tried to work through, and we did that. You  know why? We basically put deadlines. We set firm deadlines for  permitting decisions: 2 years for environmental impact statements, 1  year for environmental assessments. That is a tremendous improvement  from where we have been. Then we basically put enforcement. We have  stronger enforcement than any other permitting reform law passed ever  in the United States of America.   It lets project developers seek a court order. So if you are trying  to get something and you are being held up, then you have, basically,  the expedited right to go to the court and to have expedition. You  don't have that now.   To me--I have heard people say: Just that right there allows me to  make a decision whether I stay with the program or get out of it, if I  am going to do a project or not, without losing my rear end and going  bankrupt.   We have answered every question that we possibly could. It is the  most advanced, bipartisan bill we could ever get and still have the  support we need. All we need is your support, sir.   I call for the vote, Mr. President.    I yield back.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor  privileges be granted to David Rosner--he is a FERC detailee with my  staff on the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources--effective  immediately through the end of Congress.   