 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor this afternoon with a  request to confirm a highly qualified nominee with bipartisan support,  whose nomination has stalled for 210 days since it was approved by the  Finance Committee.   My understanding is there may be an objection to a unanimous consent  request that I would like to offer, and, hopefully, any Senate  Republican who seeks to object will come to me. And I hope, whatever  concern they have--if, in fact, it is the case--that we can work it out  and this very, very qualified individual can serve as Commissioner on  Children, Youth, and Families within the Department of Health and Human  Services.   I am talking about Rebecca Jones Gaston. And my view is that this  Agency is a hugely underappreciated part of our government. Its whole  mission is to help vulnerable kids and families stay safe and get ahead  in life. It is challenging work, and that means you have got to have  strong leadership in place.   One of the big recent jobs for this Agency has been implementation of  the Family First Prevention Services Act. Our colleague, the late Orrin  Hatch, and I worked on this for years because we wanted to transform  the child welfare system, and that is an undertaking now underway  because Chairman Hatch went to members on the other side of the aisle  and reached out. And we built a coalition for this hugely consequential  bill.   Before the bill, there was essentially a set of two choices, neither  perfect, for kids looking at the prospects of families and foster  homes. You could keep a child with a family in a situation that was not  exactly ideal. You would have problems with alcohol. You would have  problems with drugs. There were just problems at home. If you didn't  keep the child there, you would send them off to a foster care  facility. Well, there are some good foster care homes, but we know that  there are some that are not exactly up to par.   What Chairman Hatch and I did, with bipartisan support in the Finance  Committee, is devise a third path, and that is what Ms. Gaston would be  working on at this Agency that does so much good for kids. We  essentially said this third path meant that there could be support at  home for the parents who were dealing with alcohol challenges or drug  dependency or something of that nature. You could also have an older  individual, a grandparent, come in and assist.   But the point was, we came up with a third, far healthier path. It  was a landmark. Marian Wright Edelman, who has done so much work for  young people, so much effort, said that it was a monumental  achievement. And, in fact, it was, and that is why we want Rebecca  Jones Gaston there to implement it.   And what the status quo was before that legislation was families,  essentially, breaking apart. And so the bill is called Families First  because it keeps families together--keep them together whenever you can  come up with a strategy to make it safe for the child. It could be with  mental health care for Mom and Dad. As I said, maybe a grandparent  steps in to take care of the grandkids. Lots more flexibility.   Mr. President, as former Governor, you and I have talked about that  flexibility in human services. That is what Chairman Hatch and I worked  on, and it is how we got it passed into law.   Now, obviously, you then have to go forward to implement it. That  means you have to work with State and local agencies, the  administration, the Congress. Everybody wants to get this right.   Rebecca Jones Gaston is an ideal nominee to lead the effort. She has  experience in Oregon. She has also been a highly successful advocate  for young people as Oregon's child welfare director within the State's  Department of Human Services.   She had a similar post--I hope everybody hears this who is watching  it--under a Republican Governor in the State of Maryland. So this is a  person who can work well with both sides.   She brings 25 years of experience in dealing with families and kids.  Her qualifications for this job are undeniable. And I think it is fair  to say members on the Finance Committee are looking forward to working  with her.   I previously sought to pass this nomination by unanimous consent  earlier in the summer. There was one Senate objection. I believe that  issue has been resolved.   This nomination has waited long enough. We have a very good person,  bipartisan support. There is lots of work to do.   And I would just close by way of saying, I heard one Senator might be  objecting. That Senator has lifted their objection. And now I hear some  kind of report that someone else is objecting. And my hope is the  Senator with the objection will contact me so we can address the  concern, clear the nomination before we leave, which, I think, we are  all very hopeful will be the case.   At this point, I want it understood that I am going to ask unanimous  consent later in this session, and I hope there will be no objection.   With that, I yield the floor.   And I have additional business here in a few minutes.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor this afternoon to  speak about Mike Evans, the Finance Committee's chief counsel, who is  retiring at the end of this week. This is going to bring to a close 27  years of extraordinary Senate service and almost 9 years on the Finance  Committee staff.   It is not an atomic secret that I am very, very much involved in  basketball with my children and still dreaming about how it didn't work  out to play in the NBA. But to just paraphrase one thought with respect  to the way this place works in terms of actually getting results the  way Mike Evans did on the IRA--a hugely important bill, where the major  pieces came from the Finance Committee, where we had extraordinary work  done by the president of the Senate--if you speak in the parlance of  basketball, Mike Evans will long be remembered as one of the all- stars--the NBA all-stars, so to speak--in Senate service.   He has, without any doubt, for millions of people in Oregon and  across the country, caused them to have a better life because of his  work in the Senate. And to just tick off a few of the reasons why I  feel that way, let me just give a bit of history.   In early 2014, I had a brief tenure as chairman of the Finance  Committee. And to the Senate's great fortune, Mike agreed to return to  be the Senate Finance Committee's chief counsel. His experience goes  back to days when he did good work for Chairman Baucus.   And the reality is, since then, you name a big legislative  accomplishment in the areas of healthcare, tax policy, support for  working families, Mike has been right at the heart of it. A few  examples: Not long after Mike's return, the Senate passed the largest  set of tax cuts for working families in many years.   There was the 2015 trade debate that was all about what I call  getting trade done right: strong enforcement, serious protections for  workers in the environment, more sunlight in our trade policy than ever  before.   Many members had said we had never approached trade in that way. With  Mike's good work, there were colleagues on our side of the aisle who  said this is the first trade bill we are voting for.    Starting in 2017, there was a shift in our work as Finance Committee  Democrats focused on protecting vulnerable Americans from the Trump  administration's policies that singled out the vulnerable. We stopped  the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act and destroy Medicaid in  its tracks. We showed the American people that the Trump tax law was  not a middle-class tax cut. Above all, it disproportionately favored  billionaires and corporations. And we saw that all through the Trump  years.   Mike was absolutely crucial developing a strong, innovative,  progressive  [[Page S5517]]  agenda for the next time Democrats led the committee. When the pandemic  hit, the committee stepped up and sprung into action. We came up with  historic legislation to support workers and small businesses to prevent  an economic collapse.   More recently, with the good work, particularly done by Senator Brown  and Senator Bennet, Senator Casey, Senator Booker--my colleagues--the  Finance Committee led the effort to pass the largest reduction in child  poverty ever to come from one bill.   The President of the Senate knows we worked for a full decade--a full  decade--to pass the largest clean energy bill in U.S. history, a major  step in the fight against climate change.   It does not happen, it simply does not happen without the gentleman  sitting next to me, Mike Evans.   Medicare is going to start delivering a big dose of price relief for  prescription drugs. So seniors are going to benefit. In fact, Mike  Evans always told me: Let's make sure you can get help to people soon.  That means in literally a couple of days, on October 1, because of  Mike's good work, we are going to start seeing penalties for price  gouging by big pharmaceutical companies. They are going to have to  write out checks to Medicare for the amount over inflation. Mike Evans  led the fight on those issues, right at the center of our major  accomplishments.   In the column of ongoing priorities, we said: Something is not right.  If nurses and firefighters in Maine or Mississippi or any other State  pay taxes with every paycheck, billionaires can pay what they want,  when they want to. And we have been saying we want everybody to be  successful. My goodness, that is what America is about. But we also  want everybody to pay their fair share.   And I am really pleased that the President has been talking about a  billionaire minimum income tax. We have been coming together all in the  name of fairness. And Mike looks specifically at how to do that and  address the parliamentary and legal concerns.   I would be on the floor until breakfast time tomorrow--and I see our  friend from Mississippi has something that is important to him--and I  just want to close with one last point.   You know, I think if you walked into a coffee shop in Maine or Oregon  or Mississippi and you said: ``Well, let me talk to you a little bit  about reconciliation,'' people would be a little baffled with you, but  maybe they would say, I hope the couples can work it out, or something;  and haven't thought of this reconciliation too much.   Well, we know here in the Senate reconciliation is a briar patch of  tricky rules and procedures; get something wrong, and all the work you  have done to come up with a good policy goes by the boards.   So you have to comply with the Byrd rule, which is something  resembling English, and Mike, of course, speaks this unique tongue of  the whole Byrd rule world. It means scrubbing your legislation for Byrd  rule violations, writing tomes of legal memoranda. Then you have to go  before the Senate Parliamentarian to make sure your bill stands up to  scrutiny.   I see the Parliamentarian right there, and as she knows, we are very  appreciative of her professionalism. Mike and I, I think, would be the  first to say you don't win all the calls. That is kind of the way it  works, but the Parliamentarian has always been professional. And  somehow I think Mike Evans and the Parliamentarian, wherever they are  going to be in the years ahead, they are going to be batting around the  ideas of what it takes to move legislation forward in the Senate.   This is as much a compliment to Mike and the Parliamentarian as to  say this is, for all its flaws, part of what you have to do to get  issues addressed and do it fairly. Nobody in this country is more  experienced on this floor than Mike Evans.   If you want to think about remembering Mike as I will, opposing  counsels sort of weep when Mike Evans walks through the door because  they know that with that full stack of binders and materials, he is  ready. If I can go back to my basketball roots, when you are dealing  with Mike Evans, you better come to play because he is ready every  single time out.   Typically, these arguments are handled by brilliant staff before the  Parliamentarian. On one occasion, I gather, a Senator kind of strutted  into the room and challenged Mike to a debate. I am not sure how it  ended, but Mike is pretty much undefeated against colleagues on the  other side who actually have election certificates.   In all seriousness, the many hours of work he has put into these Byrd  rule arguments--work that I know feels like a real slog--it is part of  making life better for people, and we appreciate Mike doing it.   Last point I want to make is about Mike's character. He has a great  sense of humor. He is wonderful to be around. He is kind. He is a  mentor to younger staff. He is the only person I know who can pepper  Shakespeare quotes and Springsteen lyrics into the same discussion of  dense economic policy.   Some people get lost around here in the jargon of what happens up  here. Mike is about helping the real people get ahead in life,  particularly somebody who doesn't have power and clout and somebody who  just deserves a fair shake. He has never lost sight of that. It is his  loadstar. We are so thankful for his years of service.   Last announcement, just to wrap up. I think Mike feels, and I do,  too, if you are going to step into big shoes--and these are NBA-style  shoes, they are big--we are really thrilled that Tiffany Smith will be  the new Finance Committee chief counsel starting next week. She is a  15-year veteran of the Finance Committee. She has been our chief tax  counsel since 2016. She leads the best and most effective tax team  there is. She has been in the trenches with Mike for years, and I think  she is going to reflect very well on the Finance Committee and the  Senate. She has a huge record of accomplishments as well. You will see  those talents in action soon. She is going to hit the ground running.   I just say, as I see my friend from Mississippi here, if any  colleagues on the other side of the aisle think they are going to get a  break in reconciliation debates when Mike retires, they have another  thing coming with Tiffany Smith. She is somebody who is going to be  able to fill his shoes very well.   Mike can now get on to the season passes that apparently he wants to  the Folger; he can go tour with the Boss; and he can catch all the Red  Sox and Celtics games he wants. But I have said this before, staff can  leave our office, but they don't get to leave our special family.   With enduring thanks to Mike Evans, enduring thanks to the good work  he has done that has made lives better in this country, Mike, big  thanks. Godspeed.   I yield the floor.   