 Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the  brave men and women who are serving in law enforcement, who protect our  communities, and keep our streets safe.   As a former law enforcement for 23 years, I know the sacrifices made  by them and their families. Every day, law enforcement officers walk  out of their homes leaving their loved ones behind, and put their own  lives on the line for the safety and security of others. They don't get  to choose which call for service they go on. The dangers they face  every day while keeping us safe are all too real.   Instead of showing gratitude for their service, dedication, and  sacrifice, far too many people are using defund and disrespect the  police rhetoric that is leading to violence against the men and women  in blue and brown. In fact, more police officers have been killed in  the line of duty under President Biden's leadership than in previous  years. It is no secret that morale in the law enforcement community is  low, and many dedicated officers are leaving the force.   Police departments across the country are struggling to fill  vacancies and crime rates, which have risen. This is a direct result of  the demonization and vilification of the profession by some political  leaders to score political points. The men and women serving in local  law enforcement deserve our respect and support. They are the last line  of defense and the protectors of our communities. I am so honored to  have served alongside some of these brave men and women.   We must be vocal in expressing our support for our local law  enforcement during these times. We must make the same commitment to  them as they have committed to our friends, our families, and our  communities. It is the least that we can do for them and their  families. I am happy to stand here today, along with so many of my  colleagues, to show support.   Unlike my Democrat colleagues, Republicans don't need election year  polling to stand with law enforcement who keep our communities safe.  Minnesotans and all Americans deserve to live in safe communities, and  I will continue to work to ensure this is our shared reality. We all  owe them our thanks.   