 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the chair of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and I may  each insert in the Congressional Record not later than December 12,  2022, such material as we may deem explanatory of the Senate amendment  and the motion to concur with the amendment on H.R. 7776.   (The contents of this submission will be published in Book III of  this Record.)    Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules  and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1512) providing for the  concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 7776, with an  amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.   (Text of H. Res. 1512, see Book II of this Record.)    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 1512.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume. I rise to urge Members to support this piece of  legislation. I thank everyone who worked on this process. All told,  from the beginning of it, to now, over 2,000 Member requests were  considered in some form or another, either in committee, on the House,  or as we worked with the Senate.   With that open, collaborative, and bipartisan process, we have  produced, I think, an excellent product. First, and foremost, we  support the men and women who serve in the United States military in  this bill. Most specifically, we serve the people who are economically  struggling the most by a 4.6 percent pay raise, increase in the basic  housing allowance, increase in the basic needs allowance, making sure  that the price of items at the commissary do not go up so much as to  price people out of it.   We support the men and women who serve in the military in this bill,  and that is the number one most important role that we have.   This bill also continues on the work that we did on last year's  efforts to reform how sexual assault is handled in the military by  including sexual harassment in the portions that are under the  jurisdiction of the special victim prosecutor.   There is a laundry list of things we do to really improve the quality  of life for servicemembers and to exercise our oversight.   This bill also contains a number of other oversight bills; the  Intelligence oversight bill, the Foreign Affairs oversight bill, the  Coast Guard authorization bill--authorization was the word I was  looking for--as well as the Water Resources Development Act.   All told, this bill is Congress exercising its authority to authorize  and do oversight of the executive branch on behalf of the American  people; and I think that is enormously important.    We are a coequal branch of government. It is our responsibility to  exercise that oversight and represent the people.   Now, obviously, the most direct, sort of blunt force way that we do  it is through appropriations, the money we spend. That is incredibly  important as well.   But the authorizing portion of what we do matters a great deal. It is  our opportunity, as individual Members of Congress, to set policy for  this country at the Department of Defense, first and foremost but, as I  said, also in this bill on intel and foreign affairs and the Coast  Guard and elsewhere. It is really important that we get that job done  and we do it really, really well.   I can't go through every single item that is in this bill, but I can  tell you that just about every Member of this House has something in  this bill that is important for policy, important to their district. I  know because they have been talking to me for the last 6 months about  it.   This is important policy that makes a huge difference for the people  of this body and the people of this country, and I would urge us to  support it.   I want to say two more quick things before I yield to my partner-- actually, three more quick things before I yield to my partner, Mr.  Rogers, on this.   First of all, I really want to thank him, the staff, and everybody  involved in all of that. To field that many requests takes a lot of  time. The staff on the Armed Services Committee has been outstanding,  and we are a bipartisan staff. We work together in a collaborative  process.   All of the committee members, Republican and Democrat, have worked  well together. Heck, in this moment I will even say something good  about the Senate. They worked well with us also in a bipartisan,  bicameral way. I really thank them for putting that process together.   Second, I do want to just briefly address, there is always a lot of  controversy about issues not within our jurisdiction and whether or not  they go into the bill. What has to happen on that is the committees of  jurisdiction have to agree. Democrat, Republican, House, Senate, you  have got to get all four. If you get all four, great, we are happy to  carry it. If you don't, we can't.   I know it is important to you. I know you wish we could, but we can't  because we don't have the votes for it. So I hope people understand  that as we work with them on those outside issues.   Lastly, I do want to address the vaccine issue, and I want to make a  couple of things perfectly clear. Number one, the policy that the  Department of Defense put in place in August of 2021 requiring  servicemembers to be vaccinated was the absolute right policy.   It saved lives and it improved readiness for the United States  military while it was in place because it was absolutely clear that  that vaccine made an enormous difference in protecting people from the  disease. It was the absolute right policy; that is number one.   Number two, servicemembers who refused to follow that order had to be  disciplined. Orders are not optional in the United States military. You  cannot function that way, and we are not going to undo that.   But number three, right now, today, what is it, December whatever, in  2022, a policy that says you have to have gotten the first shot, and  that is what the policy is that we are undoing in this bill. It says  that you have to have gotten that first shot way back in 2021, either  one Johnson & Johnson shot or the two-shot Pfizer or Moderna deal.  [[Page H8841]]  Right now, the science does not support that that makes you any safer  today; it just doesn't.   I urge the Department of Defense to go back now and look at that  policy and think about what the right and best policy would be. But it  does make sense to repeal that order from August of 2021.   Personally, I would have preferred the Department of Defense do it on  their own rather than the legislature telling them to. But since they  didn't, I think this makes sense, and I think we ought to do it.   Again, let me just conclude by saying this has been an excellent  process. We have a nearly 4,000-page bill that exercises the  authorizing and oversight authority of the United States Congress on  behalf of the American people. We did it very well.   We have accomplished a lot in this bill. I think every Member of this  body can vote for it and feel really good about that. So I urge you to  vote ``yes,'' and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin), the chairman of the  Subcommittee on Cyber, Innovative Technologies, and Information  Systems.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), the chairman of the  Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Garamendi), the chairman of the  Subcommittee on Readiness.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may  consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier), the chair of  the Subcommittee on Military Personnel.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross), the chair of the Subcommittee on  Tactical Air and Land Forces.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much  time remains on each side.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gallego), the chair of the Intelligence and  Special Operations Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Arizona.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Luria), the vice chair of the Armed  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), the chairman of the full  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Oregon.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   There are so many people to thank in this process, and we have done  that, and there are a number of Members who are leaving committee,  staff members who are leaving, as well. But I do want to take just a  moment to thank three Members in particular on the Democratic side:  certainly, Mr. Langevin, who is presiding over this appropriately; Ms.  Speier; and Mr. Cooper, who are our three subcommittee chairs.   During the 4 years that we were in the majority, all three chaired  subcommittees, and delivered as much consequential legislation on the  Armed Services Committee as I have seen.   The leadership on all the different areas has just been invaluable.  It will be very difficult to replace. Certainly, Jim's leadership on  the Cyber, Innovative Technologies, and Information Systems  Subcommittee--the only thing about it is your subcommittee is a  mouthful to keep up with. I would just say ``CITI,'' trying to remember  what exactly it all stands for, but it is information technology, it is  cyber, it is the guts of what makes our national security apparatus  run, basically; the information systems that we have to make sure they  are robust, effective, and protected.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to myself.   Mr. Cooper, of course, more than anything brought us the Space Force,  and his leadership on space has been invaluable.   Ms. Speier's leadership on personnel; I cannot imagine a more  tenacious advocate for protecting the men and women who serve in our  military than Jackie Speier. Her leadership has delivered real results  and made a very strong statement.   All three of you will be sorely missed.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Pelosi), the distinguished Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Mr. Speaker, I can't say it any better than the Speaker said. I think  that was just an outstanding summary of the work we have done, why that  work matters, and of the policy that we have put forward here.   Once again, we have come together in a bipartisan, bicameral way to  pass an excellent piece of legislation that reflects our values and  supports the men and women who serve in our military. It gives us the  opportunity to meet our national security requirements. It has been an  outstanding process with pretty much everybody in this body  participating in it in one way or another and producing an outstanding  product.   I will close by urging all Members to vote in favor of the National  Defense Authorization Act for 2023. I thank everyone for their work,  and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent  resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   