 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my colleagues in  strong support of this bipartisan defense bill that we successfully  voted out of the committee just 3 weeks ago.   The chairman and the ranking member mentioned some of the most  important provisions in the bill, not only the overall top-line number,  which represents a $37 billion increase over President Biden's request,  but also a 4.6 percent pay raise, a 2.4 percent pay bonus for enlisted  personnel to counteract the effects of inflation on low-income military  families, the $500 million additional housing allowance to counteract  the skyrocketing cost of rent on military families, as well as an  additional $750 million to reduce the cost of food and other  necessities for our servicemembers.   I think it is worth understanding why this is important, not only  just in light of our overall duty to take care of our men and women in  uniform at a critical time, but we also have a looming recruiting  crisis on our hands.   I am very concerned about the inability of any of the services to  meet their recruiting goals, and we are going to have to spend a lot of  time thinking about that problem and how we fix it before we  proactively lower standards because, at the end of the day,  notwithstanding any advance in technology, it all comes down to the men  and women who volunteer and risk their lives to defend this country.   It is about the warfighter. That is where we need to stay focused. It  is also why I am proud that this bill includes many reforms to the  professional military education process, with the intent of regaining  our focus on warfighting so that our war colleges teach how to fight  and win our Nation's wars.   This is a critical time for U.S. national security. Our enemies are  on the march, and we are being asked to hold the line. It is absolutely  critical that Congress stays focused on the defense of this country and  does not allow the defense of this country to be politicized in the way  other issues have, which is why I so very much appreciate the work of  the chairman and the ranking member in setting that bipartisan tone,  and I am very proud to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   A few things that don't make sense to me: One, on a bipartisan basis  in committee, we included report language in this year's bill that  tasked the Navy with reporting to us on how they can make the LCS more  combat-capable in the Indo-Pacific, doing things from gearbox repairs,  sustainment options, lethality upgrades, to putting an NSM on these  ships to make it into a very capable platform.   Why would we not allow them to come back with that plan as opposed to  proactively cutting Navy force structure?   Furthermore, my colleagues will argue that the Navy doesn't want  these ships. Well, the Navy is cutting these ships as part of a divest- to-invest strategy because it has to budget against a FYDP that is far  lower than what Congress is set to resource. So with a higher top line,  the Navy can afford additional force structure. It is our job to  exercise our constitutional oversight responsibility and add both the  budget and force structure the Navy needs.   Furthermore, the Navy's ship building plan, such as it exists, that  was presented to us, was a joke. The Navy is proposing to bottom out  the size of the fleet to 280 ships in 2027, the worst possible moment  when the window of maximum danger peaks in the Pacific. We should not  blindly accept that plan. We have been playing this Lucy and Charlie  Brown football game with the Navy since I came into Congress 6 years  ago.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment. The amendment would inject the D.C. mayor into the Title 32  chain of command. As a result, the President would be required to ask  for the consent of the mayor to employ the D.C. Guard for Federal  missions.   Not only would this set a harmful precedent for command and control  of the National Guard units below the level of a Governor, it would  create a series of dilemmas in the event that the D.C. mayor and the  President disagree on the deployment of the Guard.   For example, if the mayor declined to give consent, the President  would have to order members of the D.C. Guard to active duty, request  the consent of a Governor to deploy members of their Guard units to  D.C., or deploy Active-Duty servicemembers to D.C.   All of these options would come with their own distinct tradeoffs and  potential for delay in the event of a crisis. Giving the D.C. mayor  authority over the National Guard would only delay response time and  create new areas of friction that we don't need.   It is not hard to see why members of the Armed Services Committee  rejected this amendment on a bipartisan basis during the markup last  month, so I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Mr. Speaker, a few comments.   I mean, the fact that the House, in partisan fashion, has passed the  D.C. statehood bill I think has no bearing on this because, of course,  according to the Constitution, there is another Chamber that would have  to weigh in for a bill to become a law.   Until such a time as that becomes a reality, this amendment makes no  sense and puts that very big cart before the horse.   As my colleague from Georgia so eloquently reminded us, we should be  in the business of adhering to the Constitution, not seeking to create  end-runs around it.   Furthermore, the gentlewoman's earlier objection that we already have  a process for a consultation, and, therefore, my objections aren't  warranted, ignores the basic fact that with this amendment, we are  setting a new precedent.   As the gentleman from Georgia clearly laid out, we are lowering the  bar below the level of Governor and effectively giving a mayor the  authorities that a Governor has right now.   That is not the same consultation process that exists at present.  That is a new glitch in the matrix, one that should be avoided right  now.   Mr. Speaker, I maintain my strong opposition to this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, first, let me say at the outset that I  very much appreciate the way the chairwoman and I have been able to  work together on the issue of military education in general. But I have  to oppose this amendment.   International Military Education and Training, or IMET, is a vital  pillar of our national security. In recent years, Ukrainian  servicemembers have benefited from IMET to enhance their combat  readiness and lethality.   As we have seen in the aftermath of Putin's invasion of Ukraine,  security partnerships like IMET can help make the difference between  life and death and the ability of our allies and partners to withstand  foreign aggression.   Since 2014, in fact, the U.S. military has played a key role in  boosting Ukrainian military capabilities, training alongside them,  providing Ukraine with critical weapons and munitions, enabling its  reserve component, and more. Our security focus, however, was laser- focused on enhancing Ukraine's ability to defend itself against the  Russian invasion.   My concern is that the amendment would broaden the scope of IMET and  end up watering down the results for both the United States and for our  security partners. Promoting human rights, including the rights of  women, is a well-established goal of U.S. foreign and development  policy. I don't deny that. Instruction on gender roles, female  opportunity, and narrowing gaps between men and women should, however,  not be a part of the U.S. military's mandate when it comes to teaching  allied and partner nations the art of war.   As I said earlier tonight, all of our instruction for warfighting  needs to be focused on the actual fighting of wars, which will, in  turn, allow us to deter wars.   This is not to discount the importance of other issues, but the  military is simply not the right tool for advancing this objective. As  former Obama administration official Rosa Brooks notes in her book,  ``How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything,'' the  military has in recent years taken on missions that depart from its  core responsibility of fighting and winning the Nation's wars.   My concern is this amendment would exacerbate this trend, so,  therefore, I oppose this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I certainly don't deny the fact that having women in the military is  a huge asset, as the gentlewoman said. I have served in the Marine  Corps with women I greatly admire, to whom I am greatly indebted.   I just think we have to strike the right balance here between  widening the aperture for our military education, our training  programs, such that they get distracted from the core focus on  warfighting, as well as foisting some of our own requirements and the  higher standards that the United States sets on some of our allied  partners.   I appreciate the gentlewoman's argument, but I remain in firm  opposition to this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to join me in  opposing the amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   