 Mr. President, I want to talk just a few minutes about the  circumstances we now find ourselves in, in passing what I consider to  be one of the most important pieces of legislation--perhaps the most  important piece of legislation that is currently pending certainly  before the U.S. Senate--and that is what we have been referring to as  the PACT Act.   It is legislation that we have talked about many times on the Senate  floor. It is a piece of legislation that I and Senator Tester  introduced. It is a piece of legislation that follows a long line of  bills coming from the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee with broad  bipartisan support that have consequential outcomes for the veterans of  our Nation.   We started years ago, several years ago, in regard to the MISSION  Act. We followed that with the John Scott Hannon Act.   The MISSION Act provided additional opportunities for veterans to  access care in settings across the country to bring medical care to  veterans closer to home to make it more available.   And we followed that with the John Hannon Act, which dealt with  mental health and trying to reduce and eliminate the use of suicide in  veterans' lives.   And then, finally, we have this major piece of legislation that has  been a long time coming--way too long--in meeting the needs of those  veterans who served, now, a long time ago in Vietnam and in Southeast  Asia and our veterans who more recently served in Iraq and Afghanistan.  It is the subject of toxic exposure, where veterans come into contact  with something that maybe not at the time created any healthcare  concerns for them but over time has become a significant medical and  healthcare challenge for those who served in those areas, in Iraq and  Afghanistan, their location in relation to the location of a burn pit-- where many things were burned and caused toxic exposure for those  veterans in the vicinity--and going back to Vietnam, Agent Orange,  which has been so devastating to so many people.   Veterans have waited for a long time. The process to date has been so  slow. The legislative efforts, while they have occurred, were never  sufficient to meet the needs of those who served our Nation.   And the actions at the Department of Veterans Affairs have delayed  decisions for veterans that would make certain that those who  encountered these traumatic and damaging healthcare consequences of  their service to our Nation receive the medical care that they deserve  and the benefits, the financial benefits, that come from being disabled  as a result of military service.   I want to reiterate my support for that piece of legislation. The  PACT Act needs to--as it came out of our committee by a unanimous vote.  It passed the Senate previously with 84 votes. And we need to continue  the practice of taking care of our Nation's veterans in a way that is  not partisan on either side of the issues.   I often tell my constituents, with some level of pride, that I serve  on a committee, and, unfortunately, one of the few remaining committees  in which it is difficult sometimes to tell whether there is a  Republican chairman or a Democratic chairman. I have been a ranking  member and the ranking member of that committee and I have been the  chairman of that committee. The Senator from Montana and I have worked  hard. And in many ways, because of our veterans, it is a natural  occurrence that we find common ground, and our committee members have  done the same.   We are now at the point in which we need to make certain that the  PACT Act be considered, that cloture be invoked, the difficulties we  have had with whether there needs to be an amendment or amendments need  to be resolved, and this issue needs to pass the U.S. Senate in short  order.   Our veterans need to be reassured. I would do this to the best of my  ability to reassure veterans that, for whatever is in my capabilities,  I am going to be the advocate, the spokesperson, the one who is trying  to make--along with my colleagues. I am not trying to single myself out  as the only one who cares about this issue. But for what I can do, I am  going to do it to make sure that we have success in this legislation.  Success, to me, is passage by the Senate, passage by the House, and  signed by the President, and a law that then can be implemented by the  Department of Veterans Affairs.   I have said many times that there are lots of challenges still to  come. No piece of legislation that we pass is easily implemented by the  Department of Veterans Affairs, and we will have our work to do. But at  the moment, the work before us, the work that needs to be accomplished  today, now, this week, is the passage of the PACT Act so that our  veterans who are encountering significant medical challenges have the  care and benefits that come from being a veteran.   I am one of those who agree with the thought, the belief, that if you  serve in our military, we owe you to live up to the promises we made. I  am of the belief that the costs of war--they certainly come with the  service. We then have an obligation not only to fund the military  activities but to fund the programs and benefits that are necessary to  care for those who serve who, as a result of their service, are damaged  mentally, physically, socially, and emotionally.   Again, I ask the leaders of the U.S. Senate and my colleagues here  to--let's get this resolved, let's get it resolved quickly, and let's  make certain that our veterans, as we want to serve them, are served in  the way they should be.  [[Page S3763]]    I just would only add that time is of the essence. This bill has been  pending before the Senate for a while and, before that, in the U.S.  House of Representatives. But it has been a conversation by our  veterans service organizations, their members; it has been a  conversation by veterans organizations across the country now for  decades: Solve this problem.   We are on the cusp of doing so, and we should not let this moment  pass. There are veterans who are dying every day. There are veterans  who have died since this legislation was introduced. I would like to  make certain that there is no veteran, even if he or she is nearing  that time of the end of their life, worried about whether their  children or their spouse is going to receive the care and treatment and  the benefits that they earned by their service.   So, Mr. President, please, my colleagues of the U.S. Senate, please,  let's make certain we do our work to honor their service.   I yield the floor.   