 Madam President, on Monday, the United States set a new  pandemic record with more than 1 million new cases in 24 hours. I am  sure you and I and everyone who is thinking about this would have hoped  we would be in a very different place right now than we are, but it is  pretty significant, 2 years into the pandemic, to set that kind of  record.   What is most concerning about this is many people who are concerned  with catching the virus or who think they may already have it can't get  access to tests. I just heard earlier today on a call where the  administration was providing information that they have asked for a  request for information about who could provide a test and then made a  request for proposals about who might be able to provide tests.   But we are way down the road to be asking about who can provide  tests. Congress has provided more than $80 billion for COVID testing.  If you look at the size of the defense budget, this is a pretty big  percentage of the defense budget.   We have lost track, I think, of how much money $1 billion or $1  trillion or $80 billion is, but the administration has had $80 billion.  Over half of it, $47 billion, they got in March in the American Rescue  Plan. This is supposed to cover everything from research and  development of new rapid tests to manufacturing and purchase of these  tests, to funding for State and local governments to distribute these  tests. Here we are 9 months later, and we are concerned that we don't  have tests because we don't have enough tests.   For the last month, Americans have faced long lines at testing  centers. They have gone to places where they thought they could  purchase a rapid test to find empty shelves.   The question I really have is the same that many Americans have,  which is what went wrong? Why are we facing such a shortage of tests  now? How could we possibly have had $80 billion available for a minimum  of 9 months and now we are back in a testing problem?   I think the answer surely is not a lack of funding but, I think, more  fundamentally, a lack of strategy, a lack of priority, and a failure to  anticipate the ongoing testing needs by the administration.   When this administration came into office, their COVID-19 policy  could have been called ``Vaccines First.'' And while I have been  vaccinated and while I have urged all Americans to get a vaccine unless  your doctor tells you not to, it has always been clear to me that the  vaccine was only one part of the process.   In fact, if you remember, from the very first, the vaccines were at a  level that indicated that roughly 1 out of 10 people that had a vaccine  would also get COVID. What we know now is that person who gets COVID  that had a vaccine is not going to be incredibly affected by it, in all  likelihood, but it shouldn't have been a shock that many people who got  a vaccine would also get COVID and would also want to know if they had  COVID.   Yet, for a full year, the administration has focused almost  exclusively on one thing and testing and treatments have not had the  attention they should have had or now that they must have. That failure  has come at a steep cost. Today, Americans can't find over-the-counter  tests, and the Nation lacks a comprehensive reliable testing  infrastructure.   Early in the pandemic, former Senator Lamar Alexander and I were on  the phone nearly every day with officials from the Department of Health  and Human Services to get a better understanding of how to fight the  virus. He was the chairman of the appropriating committee. I was the  chairman of the authorizing committee. We thought we had come up with a  plan that, if carried out, would work just right. In fact, the result  of those conversations was a twofold testing response.   First, we started a program at the National Institutes of Health we  called RADx, which we kind of based, roughly, on the TV program ``Shark  Tank,'' where people brought ideas in about how they could produce a  test in ways those tests were not being produced. Over $1 billion was  invested directly with a dozen different companies that are producing  today almost all of the tests that are available in stores.   But, obviously, being sure that they were producing them at the  volume that they needed to be produced was something we should have  been paying attention to. We wanted to bring more tests to the market.  We wanted to do it as quickly as possible and provide the necessary  government intervention to do so.   In the first 6 months of the RADx Program, at the end of that 6  months, they were delivering 2 million tests a day and 100 percent of  all of the tests that were available for at-home testing.   Secondly, Senator Alexander and I thought that testing should be  widespread and easily available, easy to take. As we pushed to reopen  schools and keep them open, we want to do the things that have a test  that is frequent, that is inexpensive, and makes sense. We went on and  appropriated more than $30 billion for testing activities in the first  five bipartisan bills to deal with COVID.   Later, in the American Rescue Plan, an additional $47.8 billion for  testing activities was made available. Now, remember this is  legislation that was partisan in nature. No Republican voted for it. It  had easier transfer authority from category to category than any  appropriations bill in the last 10 years, and, frankly, we sent a  letter to the Secretary of HHS this week--Senator Burr and I did-- asking exactly what did this money get spent on. I am afraid we are  going to find out not nearly all of it got spent on testing.   The lack of funding has not been a problem, and I think we need to  know what happened to the money and what we need to do to make the kind  of investment now that we thought that $80 billion would surely have  made.   When people asked last month about the difficulties in getting tests  and why the administration wasn't making tests free and available, the  White House Press Secretary said--she just dismissed the idea out of  hand. Then, less than 3 weeks later, they did an  [[Page S34]]  about-face and announced they would distribute rapid tests to any  American who wants one. That is a bold idea, one Europeans have been  using throughout the pandemic.   Let's look at what the administration actually did. They will spend  $3 billion for 500 million rapid tests. That would be about 1\1/2\  tests per person. They are also saying right now that really to have  faith in the rapid tests, you probably need to take two of them, so the  1\1/2\ per person doesn't do quite what it needed to do.   The approach to the answer to our testing shortage is not to spend to  send 500 million tests to the American people. These tests haven't been  purchased yet. They haven't been produced yet. They haven't been  distributed yet. And what do we do in the next weeks as we wait for  even that to be done?   Finally, the administration says that the at-home tests are ``less  sensitive'' to the omicron variant than they need to be. I hope that is  not the case.   It is time the administration began to recognize that vaccines are a  powerful weapon, that we need to continue to focus on them, but we also  need to have a broader strategy. That strategy has to include people  finding out whether they have COVID-19 or not. This is a wake-up call.  I hope we wake up.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the rollcall  vote be announced.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   