 Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I am excited to advance this legislation that will  ensure our Nation's economic growth and security for generations to  come. It is a major response to and a solution for inflation.   For over 30 years, our Nation's share of global semiconductor  manufacturing has steadily declined--declined to dangerously low  levels. This technology powers our cars, phones, and critical  infrastructure like traffic lights and military communications. The  global chip shortage is not only a national security concern, but it  continues to drive inflation when industries cannot secure the chips  necessary to get their products to market.   This CHIPS and Science Act tackles two pressing issues of the day:  strengthening U.S. competitiveness and lowering costs for consumers.   I am proud of the role the House has played in the development of  this legislation, the tireless work in the House that has secured  meaningful guardrails that would prevent companies from investing in  our overseas competitors and funds from being used for stock buybacks.  These are very critical improvements.   I also thank Chair Johnson and the House Committee on Science, Space,  and Technology for their work on division B of this package to support  much-needed boosts to United States research and development. This  includes the bipartisan Micro Act, which complements CHIPS funding by  accelerating microelectronics research at the Department of Energy.   I recognize Ben Kallen of the Committee on Science, Space, and  Technology staff and Darian Harbeck of my staff for their hard work to  develop and enact this critical legislation.   Now is the time to recommit to boldly and strategically investing in  our Nation's future to promote America's economic strength, the well- being of our communities, our national security, and our  leadership around the world. This transformative legislation will  indeed ensure that America can out-compete any Nation for decades to  come.    Let's fight inflation, let's grow jobs, let's make certain that we  respond fully to the needs of the day.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Mrvan).   