 Madam President, I am pleased this afternoon to commend  Mr. Francisco J. Collazo of Grant, AL, for his contributions to our  great country and to the State of Alabama.   Born in 1931 in Puerto Rico, Mr. Collazo joined the Army at 15 years  of age. He had an exceptionally distinguished career, serving in the  Korean and the Vietnam wars and retiring as a chief warrant officer 4.   While in the Army, Mr. Collazo continually worked to further his  education. Due to his 30 years of military service, he attended  numerous Army technical schools and earned sufficient academic credits  to receive the Department of the Army bachelor's equivalency degree in  mathematics and computer science.   After his retirement from the Army, he continued his lifelong  learning with additional coursework and the study of complex missile  systems.   In 2003, the University of Alabama in Huntsville recognized his  technical achievements and bestowed upon him an honorary degree of  doctor of science.   In 1980, Mr. Collazo and his wife Carmen started COLSA Corporation in  their garage in southeast Huntsville, AL. COLSA is a service-disabled,  veteran-owned company, and it rapidly grew and received many accolades.   In 1983, COLSA was certified under the 8(a) Business Development  Program. The Small Business Administration certified COLSA as a  socially and economically disadvantaged company.   In 1988, the SBA selected COLSA as the Regional Small Business Prime  Contractor of the Year--such an achievement.   In 1997, COLSA received a Cogswell Award for Excellence in Security  Operations.   In 2004, COLSA was inducted into the Alabama Engineering Hall of  Fame.   NASA awarded COLSA the Small Business Prime Contractor of the Year  Award in 2008.   In 2021, Forbes magazine named COLSA to two of their top lists: Best  Employers by State--4th in Alabama; and America's Best Midsize  Employers--17th overall in the United States.   Today, COLSA has grown to over 1,600 employees--1,600 employees from  zero--and currently ranks as 76 on Washington Technology's Top 100  Federal Prime Contractors.   Frank Collazo has personally received numerous awards and  declarations, some I have enumerated. In the military--just a few--he  was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal with two oakleaf clusters,  the Army Commendation Medal with three oakleaf clusters, and a Bronze  Star with one oakleaf cluster for distinguished service during his time  in Vietnam.   As an industry leader, the Huntsville and Madison County Chapter of  the National Management Association recognized Frank Collazo as the  manager of the year 30 years ago, 1991. Mr. Collazo has served as  president of the following: the Air Defense Artillery Association; the  Air, Space, and Missile Defense Association; the Huntsville Chapter of  the National Defense Industrial Association.   In 2018, he received the Davidson Award for his leadership in the  defense community. In addition to his leadership in industry, Mr.  Collazo has been exceptionally generous in his contributions to local  organizations. He funded the Collazo Endowment to retain and recruit  students at the University of Alabama in Huntsville. He established the  Francisco J. Collazo Scholarship Fund at Auburn University and is an  original Partner in Education at the new Alabama School of Cyber  Technology and Engineering located in Huntsville.   He is a routine and substantial contributor to over--yes, over--80  charitable organizations in the Tennessee Valley--that is including a  lot of Alabama and a lot of Tennessee--personifying his motto when he  says ``Character is a matter of what you do when no one is watching.''   I am pleased this afternoon here in the U.S. Senate to join the  citizens in Huntsville, AL, and throughout the State of Alabama, in  offering my sincere thanks and gratitude to Frank Collazo, and I want  to share my appreciation with his wife, Carmen, and his extended  family.   Frank has continually demonstrated his commitment to our country, the  State of Alabama, and to the community. Basically, Frank Collazo is an  outstanding American.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   