 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment, No. 6503, and I  ask that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, nobody wants a strike right now in our  country. We have had challenges with supply chains. We have had  challenges with finding enough workers with regard to our businesses.  Nobody wants a strike.   My amendment would certainly focus on not having a strike but making  sure that the sides in this disagreement, between management and labor,  get back to work to resolve the problems at hand. It is a simple  amendment. It says we need a cooling-off period for 60 more days.   Congress finds itself in another last-minute emergency being rushed  to the floor of the Senate. We got the details of this about 24 hours  ago on a very complicated subject.   Since 2019, negotiations have been going on between labor unions  representing railway employees and the railway industry over employee  pay, hours of service, benefits, sick leave--complicated negotiations.   Now that the negotiations have met an impasse, we have been asked to  endorse a proposal that the Presidential Emergency Board has endorsed  and that the union members have rejected. Complicated.   Barring additional action, as I mentioned, there could be a strike  that would harm our economy and workers and families and other  businesses. Again, we don't want that.   Here is the other issue: We also don't want Congress to become the de  facto endgame for all future negotiations--private contract  negotiations--enacting the agreements reached at the bargaining table  or having Congress then dictate the terms of minutia in these contracts  with regard to sick leave or other things.   Now, I know Senator Sanders has a provision on this. It might be a  great idea; it might not be a good idea. I don't know. But we got this  24 hours ago. No hearings, no discussion.   So all I am asking for is a 60-day cooling-off period so the sides  can get back to the bargaining table, so the President of the United  States and the Secretary of Labor, Secretary Walsh, can get involved  and do their jobs. That is it: a cooling off period for 60 days,  handing this negotiation back to the parties involved to resolve.   Now, some people say, well, that is just kicking the can down the  road. Well, there is precedent for this course of action by Congress.  The legislation covering these kind of labor agreements contemplate  Congress asking for additional cooling-off periods. We have done this  many times before, including in 1986, where it actually worked. A 60- day cooling off period. The sides went back to the bargaining table,  and they resolved their issues on their own without the Congress of the  United States having to come and dictate terms.   As I mentioned, less than 36 hours ago, we were asked to decide on  issues that are complicated, that are important--without necessary  deliberations, without congressional hearings to gain knowledge and  expertise required to make informed decisions.   My amendment would certainly avoid a strike. We all agree on that. It  will give negotiators more time to get to an agreement, and it will not  make Congress the entity of last resort in these kind of negotiations  where the knowledge of the issues that are very complicated have not  been thoroughly studied and have not received the due diligence that I  believe every American, every union Member wants us to have. It has  worked before. Exactly this kind of amendment has worked before in this  kind of situation. It can work again. I urge my colleagues to vote yes  on my amendment.   I yield the floor.   