 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7666, the Restoring Hope for  Mental Health and Well-Being Act, legislation that works to increase  the accessibility of our mental health care system and breaks down the  unique barriers to care for rural communities that are facing it.   Each year, hundreds of thousands of Arizonians do not receive the  mental health care they need. Without access to this essential care,  our families and our communities suffer.   In recent years, we have lost too many loved ones to opioid abuse,  suicide, and senseless violence in our communities. It has gone on far  too long. As a homicide investigator in Chicago, I can tell you of the  hundreds and hundreds of these types of cases I saw day in and day out.    Affordable, accessible mental health care plays an important role in  holistically addressing each one of these issues. That is why I worked  with my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce, a  bipartisan effort, to bring this urgently needed legislation to the  House floor for a vote.   By investing in workforce education and training, and supporting  critical mental health programs, the Restoring Hope for Mental Health  and Well-Being Act works to address the provider shortage millions of  Americans are experiencing and expands access to the care our  vulnerable and underserved communities need.   I am pleased to see the initiative to reauthorize and improve  critical SAMHSA programs included in this bill. In Arizona, more than  five people die every day from overdoses. This crisis is tearing entire  families and communities apart.   Our legislation would assist in developing coordinated local opioid  response plans, expand access to medications that reverse an opioid  overdose, and improve substance use disorder and mental health  treatment for homeless individuals.   Our bill also invests in mental health care for our children through  programs that serve a wide range of ages and mental health needs,  including suicide prevention for students.   Mr. Speaker, it is time we fill those gaps, and I urge my colleagues  to vote for this bill.   