 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have so many things going on in  Washington these days, with just about everything from budgetary  matters to wrapping up this session of the Congress.   I was delighted today to take a step back and, in my role as  President pro tempore, introduce today's visiting Chaplain. I am always  pleased to introduce the Chaplain, usually Dr. Barry Black, sometimes  visiting ones, but this one is special.   He is the bishop of Burlington, which, really, the diocese covers all  the State of Vermont. His name is Christopher Coyne. He knows our part  of New England. He was born in Woburn, MA, and graduated from the  University of Massachusetts with a B.A. in business, St. John's  Seminary in Boston as a Master of Divinity, ordained a priest in June  1989, but then has fulfilled significant roles, both in the diocese  where he originated and with the Vatican in Rome. And I will talk more  about that at another time.   But he was elected chairman of the Committee of Communications of the  U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. And when the bishops met, the  voice you often heard was Bishop Coyne because of his credibility, his  honesty, and the fact that he would give very direct answers.   And then Pope Francis named him bishop of the Diocese of Burlington,  and he was installed in that January 29, 2015, and brought a new,  really, wave of enthusiasm into the Catholic diocese in Vermont. He  made it a point to go around the State meeting with people.   I would tell a personal story. I was at an event in Burlington on  Veterans Day. I was going to be speaking there. And a jogger came up  and tapped me on the shoulder. It was the bishop. He was out doing his  morning run and walk. But it is something that is interrupted all the  time because he will stop and talk with everybody, and they want to  talk with him.   He is the kind of bishop every diocese should have: approachable,  honest, good for the community. He has reached out to the Jewish  community, the Protestant community. It has brought enthusiasm on both  sides.   I see our distinguished majority leader on the floor who has been  working hard the last few days on too many things, but I know he will  get us through it, and I will do my part on the appropriations.   Mr. Leader, I just wanted to say a word about our distinguished  visiting Chaplain Bishop Coyne, taking advantage of the privileges of  the floor, sitting over there, and I will yield the floor and yield to  you.   