 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her leadership  on this and for helping us to get this bill on the floor.   As the proud sponsor of H.R. 310, I rise in strong support of this  legislation to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to four  heroic Americans killed in the September 11, 2012, terrorist attack  against the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya: U.S. Ambassador  J. Christopher Stevens; U.S. Navy SEAL and CIA security contractor,  Glen Doherty; U.S. Navy SEAL and CIA contractor, Tyrone Woods; and U.S.  Air Force Staff Sergeant, Sean Smith.   At the outset, I would like to thank Chairwoman Waters, Ranking  Member McHenry, and Mrs. Wagner of the Financial Services Committee for  their bipartisan work in support of H.R. 310. I would also like to  recognize the invaluable contributions that were made by our late  chairman of the Oversight and Reform Committee, Elijah Cummings. He  made contributions to the legislation and to our additional effort to  secure full death benefits for the Doherty family of Massachusetts.   Importantly, the advancement of this bill would not be possible  without the support of all the family members as well as pro bono  counsel from K&L Gates and other stakeholders whose relentless advocacy  on behalf of our four fallen heroes is reflective of their sacrifice on  behalf of our Nation.   In my home State of Massachusetts, I would like to particularly  recognize Mrs. Barbara Doherty and Ms. Kate Quigley, the devoted mother  and sister respectively of Navy SEAL Glen Doherty of Winchester,  Massachusetts.   I would also like to thank Amy Carnevale and Dennis Porter, two  attorneys from K&L Gates, for their steadfast legal support and counsel  to guide this legislation, as well as my dear friend, Dan Rea of WBZ  News Radio who amplified the story about these four heroes and our  efforts over the past 9 years, notably during a time of deep division  in this country.   I would like to recognize and thank the nearly 300 bipartisan  Members--Democrat, Republican, and Independents--who have joined me to  cosponsor this legislation and enable this consideration on the House  floor, including my lead Republican cosponsor of H.R. 310,  Representative Brian Mast of Florida.    Mr. Speaker, since the American Revolution, Congress has commissioned  and bestowed its highest civilian honor--the Congressional Gold Medal,  in recognition of distinguished acts of bravery, leadership, and  achievement that leave an enduring impact on our American history.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on National Security, I firmly  believe that there is no legacy more lasting and profound than the  bravery and sacrifice of those who have stood in defense of our Nation.  In view of the approaching 10th anniversary of the terrorist attack  against the U.S. Consulate, the nearby classified annex, and personnel  in Benghazi, Libya, it is more than fitting that we bestow the  Congressional Gold Medal on these four fallen American heroes who  bravely defended our compound and dedicated their lives to patriotic  service on behalf of the United States of America.   For over 20 years, Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens served our  Nation in the Foreign Service. From his first assignment as a consular  and economic officer in Saudi Arabia to his last diplomatic mission in  Libya, Ambassador Stevens reflected a genuine commitment to building  bridges with our Middle Eastern and North African partners and  advancing our most cherished democratic ideals.   During their decades of service as elite U.S. Navy SEALs with tours  of duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other conflict zones, Glen Doherty  and Tyrone Woods perpetually exemplified the  [[Page H7131]]  Navy SEAL motto: ``The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday.'' Their continued  service as overseas security personnel responsible for the safety of  American diplomatic officials was maintained with the highest standards  of military excellence.   As a former ground radio maintenance specialist in the U.S. Air Force  and a State Department officer, Sean Smith served our Nation with honor  and distinction throughout multiple deployments that included Iraq,  South Africa, Oman, and Libya.   Mr. Speaker, the commissioning of the Congressional Gold Medal in  honor of these four exceptional Americans will appropriately recognize  their heroism, bravery, and sacrifice on behalf of a grateful Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support H.R. 310. Again, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her valued  support.   