 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, thanks to this administration's bad policies, small  businesses are struggling with skyrocketing inflation, record-high gas  prices, and supply chain and labor crises. It is imperative that  Congress help our small businesses find success despite this economic  landscape. One way we can do this is by improving the Federal contract  marketplace.   A common theme we have heard in the contracting space is that prime  contracting opportunities for small businesses are dwindling at an  alarming rate. This means that subcontracting opportunities are more  important than ever for our small businesses. While large prime  contractors are statutorily required to have subcontracting plans,  there is little incentive for prime contractors to comply with their  own goals.   Further, there is no requirement that a contracting officer take into  consideration a contractor's past performance in subcontracting with  small businesses when deliberating new awards. While it is laudable  that prime contractors have subcontracting plans, these plans seem to  have minimal influence on a contractor's motivation to award work to  small businesses.   This bill, the Strengthening Subcontracting for Small Businesses Act,  addresses this problem in a few ways:   First, the legislation will require the consideration of a  contractor's proposed utilization of small businesses in its  subcontracting plans.   Second, the legislation will require the consideration of the  contractor's past performance in meeting its previous goals.   In short, this bill creates a strong incentive for large prime  contractors to comply with their own goals since it will now impact  their ability to win new work.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman Mfume, for his  collaboration on this bill. Together, I believe we have created a  meaningful piece of legislation that will make a real and significant  impact on small businesses, and I look forward to continuing our  relationship.   