 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman,  and I thank leadership for making my bill a priority on the floor  today.   We have heard from a number of earlier speakers that recent Supreme  Court decisions have upset the majority. These are decisions that they  disagree with.   Now, these are judicial decisions that were rendered under rules that  have been in place for more than 150 years. But there seems to be a  growing force of people who want to change the rules, that if we didn't  get the decision we wanted under the rules that have been  [[Page H5987]]  in place since 1869, then let's go ahead and change the rules. Let's go  ahead and pack the Court.   If nine Justices doesn't get what we want, then let's add two. Well,  if maybe two more Justices doesn't get us what we want, then let's add  four. Maybe we can get with four Justices the kinds of decisions we  want.   Madam Speaker, this is not a hypothetical boogieman. This is an  actual pending legislation introduced by none other than the chairman  of the Judiciary Committee. It is an active attempt to pack the Court  with 13 Justices.   Now, you might ask, Madam Speaker, is 13 the right number?   Does 13 come about because there has been some report or some  analysis that 13 Justices would make the work of the Court more  productive?   Or perhaps the Supreme Court itself, the Justices, have indicated  that they would do a better job with 13?   No. No. It does not come about because of any independent analysis or  request by the Court. This attempt to pack the Court is all about  power. It is all about power. It is all about getting the kinds of  decisions that the House majority wants.   Madam Speaker, I would submit that when Washington changes the rules  only to acquire power or only to maintain power, then it undermines  public trust in these institutions that bind Americans together. We  don't need yet a further undermining of these institutions.   Frankly, where does it end?   Once this body establishes that the size of the Court can grow only  so that we can secure the preferred judicial decisions of the House  majority, where does it end?   You take it to 13. A few years later we take it to 15. You can take  it to 17 after that.   Again, this is not a hypothetical boogieman. We have seen this happen  in other countries.   Madam Speaker, this leads to madness. This is no way to run a  judiciary.   Now, you don't need to take my word for it. Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg before her death made it clear that packing the Court would  undermine and erode public trust in the Supreme Court. She was  stridently opposed to it. Retiring Justice Stephen Breyer feels the  same and has publicly been opposed to packing the Court.   This is not something that only Republicans oppose. It is something  that reasonable and like-minded people who care about the independence  and the public trust of the Court have opposed, as well.   So that is what my resolution would do. It would simply put into the  Constitution what has already been the case since 1869, and that is  nine Justices on the Supreme Court.   I guarantee you, Madam Speaker, that we will still find plenty of  political screws to turn and leverage points for us to be able to fight  and advance our political causes. But if we can just put into the  Constitution this one thing, to keep the nine, we will be able to, at  least somehow, insulate the Court from the most corrosive political  maneuvering that we know this body is capable of.   Now, I make it clear, a ``no'' vote on the previous question which I  am urging does not submit this constitutional amendment to the States.  All it does is allow this body 1 hour to debate the merits of keeping  the nine.   What possible argument could there be against taking that 1 hour for  us to discuss together what the right size of the Court is and how do  we best maintain public trust in the Court going forward?   So, Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  heed the words of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Joe Biden, and  so many of us on this side of the aisle to consider keeping the nine.   