 Madam Speaker, I move to recommit H.R. 936 and have my  amendment that strikes the retroactivity provision of this bill  included in the Record.   It is wrong, clearly not right, for Congress to step in and  retroactively invalidate parts of millions of existing contracts. The  parties to those contracts, in good faith, relied on those parts of  their contracts when they struck their bargain. But if this bill  becomes law, it will rewrite millions of existing contracts, which will  lead to waves of new litigation.   This litigation will place new costs on businesses, consumers, and  employees, who will be forced to pay more for lawyers, hundreds of  dollars per hour and may get stuck for years in long court battles  instead of having available the solution of arbitration.   Applying new laws retroactively undermines the rule of law and upends  the certainty that parties are trying to create when they negotiate and  enter into a contract.   My motion would make this bill apply only to agreements entered into  after this bill goes into effect. I offered this amendment at the  markup in the Judiciary Committee, but the Democrats there rejected it.   I offered this amendment to the Rules Committee, but the Democrats  there chose not to make it in order.   I offer this amendment for a third time here on the floor of this  House because this matter is critically important. Retroactively  voiding millions upon millions of existing contracts is truly bad  policy.   By making this bill apply only to future contracts, we can avoid the  inherent unfairness of having Congress directly interfere in millions  upon millions of existing agreements. I urge my colleagues to support  my motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt this motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on the Judiciary to consider again my amendment to H.R.  963 to ensure that the Democrats' attempt to eviscerate arbitration  will not apply retroactively to the millions upon millions of  contractual agreements already in place.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of this  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   