 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, human trafficking, especially the sex trafficking of  children, is an abhorrent crime, and all convicted offenders should  face serious criminal penalties.   This bill would provide increased criminal penalties for human  trafficking or coercing a minor to engage  [[Page H7916]]  in illegal sex acts in school zones or near school-sponsored  activities, as my colleague from Texas stated.   Texas recently enacted a similar law. According to the Texas State  Senate bill report, 55 percent of young sex trafficking survivors in  Texas were trafficked while at school or during school activities.   The Justice Department's Office of Justice Programs reports that the  average age of entry into prostitution is, unbelievably, 12 to 14 years  old and that traffickers are known to recruit at schools and in after- school programs.   However, this legislation doesn't address a root cause of this  serious problem, our unsecure southwest border. Tragically, we know  that human smuggling and trafficking occurs daily at the southwest  border.   Under Democrat leadership, this Congress has failed to fix the  completely broken immigration system or to address the Biden border  crisis, which cartels and other organized criminal organizations have  exploited to smuggle and traffic children into our country.   Cartels and criminal organizations continue to take advantage of the  Biden administration's complete failure to secure the southwest border.   We should focus Congress' efforts on securing our southwest border to  prevent the type of human trafficking this legislation seeks to  address.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time  for closing.   I would just once again like to emphasize the idea that although  human trafficking is at the forefront of what we are discussing here  today, we must continue to focus on the southern border and making sure  that we secure that soon.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a terrible and tragic evil. We  should do all we can in Congress to fight trafficking and help victims.   This legislation would change the law to direct the Secretary of  Transportation to post the contact information of the National Human  Trafficking Hotline in locations where victims may be able to see them  and seek help.   Because this horrific crime often involves border crossings,  Republicans added an amendment in committee directing the Secretary of  Homeland Security to post the contact information of the National Human  Trafficking Hotline at ports of entry.   It is well documented that human traffickers often use the  transportation industry for both recruiting and operations. In 2020,  the latest year for which data is available, 10,583 incidents of human  trafficking were reported to the U.S. National Human Trafficking  Hotline, and 16,658 victims of trafficking were identified.   We hope this legislation will help to raise awareness about human  trafficking and assist victims in seeking help by posting hotline  information in places where they may see it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 169, the Artistic Recognition  for Talented Students Act.   The Constitution authorizes Congress ``to promote the progress of  science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and  inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and  discoveries.''   Our copyright system is designed to help fulfill that mandate by  promoting the work of authors, musicians, artists, and other creators.   Creative industries contribute hundreds of billions of dollars to the  U.S. economy every year. This bill makes it easier for some of our  brightest young creators to obtain copyrights on their award-winning  work. This is essentially the same as the bill that passed the House  under suspension of the rules last year.   Promoting and encouraging the next generation of American creators  ensures that our creative economy will remain strong for decades to  come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why the Founders chose to enshrine the  freedoms of the press in the First Amendment to the Constitution. It is  an important part of a functional and informed democracy.   Over the years, versions of this bill have received widespread  support from across the political spectrum. In fact, the first version  of this bill was introduced by none other than Vice President Pence  when he was a Member of this body.   Liberty depends on the freedom of the press. Good reporters are  committed to holding our government accountable. A critical aspect of  the freedom of the press is the pursuit of truth without intimidation  or coercion from the government.   Administrations of both parties have unjustly targeted journalists,  but none more so in recent years than the Obama administration. The  Obama administration's control on the flow of information has been  described as ``the most aggressive . . . since the Nixon  administration.''   The Biden administration isn't proving to be much better.   In a free country, we need to make sure that the government cannot  unmask journalists' sources without good cause. This bill provides  those protections and recognizes the importance of independent  journalism to our country.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would inform you and my colleague from  Texas that I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it appears that this bill has wide,  bipartisan support among Members of Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to  support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   