 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for the  opportunity to speak to everyone tonight.   Madam Speaker, this week marks a historic milestone, the 1-year  anniversary of the Biden Presidency. There is a date in January that 1  year ago has affected all Americans, and that was the election of Joe  Biden to the Presidency, his taking office.   Looking back at the previous 12 months, several words come to mind:  [[Page H212]]  failure, confusion, disarray, pain, dishonesty.   I am sure that many of my colleagues will touch on these and many  other themes relevant to what has unfolded at the White House since its  latest occupant took office some 11 months ago. However, I want to  focus on one word that has defined the Biden administration this year,  and that is ``inflation.''   Every single month since Biden took office, inflation has risen  higher. In the past 11 months, inflation has reached its highest level  in 40 years.   Most of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have never  experienced this type of inflation. The last time it was this bad,  ``E.T.'' was showing in theaters. Jimmy Carter, the man largely  responsible for those hardships, was a one-term President for this very  reason.   Thanks to the Biden job-killing policies, taxpayers are paying the  price. Our economic recovery is stagnant. Our small businesses are  being crushed out of existence. December brought us to a 7 percent  increase in inflation over the previous year, a number that American  families are feeling every single day in their pocketbooks.   While inflation is up 7 percent, wages have only risen 4.7 percent,  meaning that real wages are actually negative, not positive. Americans  are paying a whopping $3,500 more for basic necessities than they were  last year. For all the back-patting Biden has done for the dismal  number of jobs created under his administration, we are still over 4  million jobs short of prepandemic levels.   This is the Biden economy. Polling proves that inflation is the top- of-mind issue for the vast majority of Americans. So you would think  that this administration would be doing everything in their power to  alleviate that burden. Instead, they are focused on flushing the  markets with even more unchecked spending. When will it end?    The President's dismal approval rating isn't a result of his standing  with Republican voters, who haven't liked him from the start. Rather,  Democrat and independent voters across the country are voicing their  strong displeasure with how poorly our country has been run this past  year.   We know what works, and we know what doesn't. What the President is  doing is only exacerbating the problem, something just about everyone  outside of D.C. knows.   The White House must stop the spending spree, stop imposing  unconstitutional mandates, and stop pushing radical legislation. The  best thing this President could do right now is just get out of the  way.   