 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Wisconsin for  yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong opposition to amendment No. 25  which would place the mayor of the District of Columbia in charge of  the D.C. National Guard.   I can't believe this even has to be said, but the D.C. mayor is not  the Governor of a State, and the District of Columbia, which houses our  Federal Government, is not and should never become a State.   Under current law, the President of the United States, our Nation's  commander in chief, is the authority over the D.C. National Guard and  also appoints its commissioned officers.   The President has held that authority for more than two centuries  since the inception of the D.C. National Guard under President Thomas  Jefferson in 1802.   The President has delegated the authority to deploy the D.C. National  Guard to the Secretary of Defense, who has further delegated that  authority to the Secretary of the Army. These are Federal officials  accountable to the President of the United States.    Under this amendment, the D.C. mayor, not the President, would be in  charge of the D.C. National Guard, including deployments and appointing  its commissioned officers, so the President would be stripped of his  role entirely.   Think about it. Taking the authority from the President and giving it  to a mayor. Never. That is completely unacceptable. The D.C. mayor must  not have equal authorities as Governors of States and territories have  over their National Guards because the D.C. mayor is not a Governor,  and the District of Columbia is a Federal district, not a State or a  territory.   In addition, the current mayor has previously attempted to use the  D.C. National Guard for political purposes, calling for their  withdrawal from the district during the summer riots of 2020, and  seeking to significantly limit the D.C. National Guard's role to  traffic control duties only prior to the January 6 riot at the U.S.  Capitol. This further demonstrates that the D.C. mayor should play no  role in the deployment of the D.C. National Guard troops.   Again, the District of Columbia is a Federal district and is not a  State, and the Constitution directs that it should never be a State.  The District of Columbia is a Federal district with substantial Federal  concerns and facilities.   The President of the United States should control the D.C. National  [[Page H6280]]  Guard, not an office whose resident has already demonstrated a lack of  judgment when it comes to the use of the D.C. National Guard.   Simply, the filing of this amendment is another example of why it is  time to roll back home rule and return management of the city to  Congress as stipulated by the Constitution.   Article I, Section 8 starts with: ``The Congress shall have power,''  and in clause 17, it states, ``To exercise exclusive legislation in all  Cases whatsoever, over the District . . . `' That is our Constitution.  That is what we abide by. I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   