 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 3823 would make modest and temporary changes to the  U.S. Bankruptcy Code.   First, the bill temporarily increases debt limits for small business  debtors under subchapter V of chapter 11 and for individual debtors  reorganizing debt under chapter 13.   Subchapter V of the Bankruptcy Code is a lower cost reorganization  bankruptcy option for small businesses. These businesses don't have  deep pockets, and traditional, expensive chapter 11 reorganizations may  not be feasible.   Subchapter V is a more affordable and streamlined approach, which can  lead to more successful reorganizations. That means that both debtors  and creditors should be better off because, hopefully, less of the  debtor's estate will go toward professional fees and more will be left  for the debtor's business and, ultimately, the creditors.   Subchapter V took effect in February 2020. At that time, the debt  limit for those wishing to utilize this more streamlined law was just  over $2.7 million. Due in part to expected trouble for small  businesses, the CARES Act and later legislation temporarily increased  the debt limit for subchapter V filers to $7.5 million. That temporary  increase sunsetted in March of this year. This bill again extends the  $7.5 million debt limit for another 2 years.   Likewise, the bill also changes the bankruptcy debt limits for  chapter 13, which is a way for eligible individuals, including sole  proprietors, to reorganize their debts. The bill removes the  distinction between secured and unsecured debt limits under chapter 13  and increases the overall debt limit for those who wish to file for  their individual protection from about $1.9 million to $2.75 million.    Like the adjustment to subchapter V, these changes to chapter 13  apply for only 2 years. Put simply, Americans are having a harder time  making ends meet due to what I think we would agree are mistakes made  under the Biden administration and Democrats in control of Congress.   Raising the debt limit will allow those suffering from these failed  policies to adjust their debts to fit the new  [[Page H5262]]  realities of our economy, skyrocketing energy and input costs, not  enough workers, and more. A successful reorganization can leave both  debtors and creditors better off.   At the same time, we just don't have certain data about some of these  bankruptcy policy changes or their likely long-term effects. That is  why these changes to our Bankruptcy Code should be temporary.   An additional 2 years of normal post-pandemic bankruptcy activity  will give us a better understanding of the underlying policy issues and  will help guide the future design of our bankruptcy system.   It is also worth noting that this bill did not go through regular  order in the Judiciary Committee, so it did not benefit from robust  oversight or legislative hearings. Americans are best served when  Federal policy is made after careful and focused congressional  deliberation, something that would have occurred in regular order.   The bill makes clarifications to small business bankruptcies that  relate to eligibility, trustee responsibilities, and bankruptcy plan  requirements. These would be permanent. The bill also makes accounting- related clarifications that will operate to improve the U.S. Trustee  System Fund.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   