 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues who voted  yesterday, on a bipartisan basis, to advance the nomination of Lara  Montecalvo to be a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First  Circuit. I look forward to her confirmation later today.   She will soon fill the seat that is being vacated by Judge O.  Rogeriee Thompson, who is a trailblazing and outstanding jurist whom I  was proud to recommend and who is taking senior status. She will  continue to hear cases on a more limited basis, along with Judge Bruce  Selya, another distinguished judge from Rhode Island who has taken  senior status and who continues to hear cases on the First Circuit.   Like Judge Thompson and Judge Selya, Lara Montecalvo is someone with  great integrity, intellect, and capacity for judicial independence. I  am delighted that President Biden nominated her for Rhode Island's  traditional seat on the First Circuit. I am pleased that the Judiciary  Committee reported her nomination on a bipartisan vote. And I am  grateful to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who voted  yesterday to advance her nomination.   Her resume speaks for itself. As Rhode Island's chief public  defender, Ms. Montecalvo has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to  upholding our constitutional rights, including the Fifth Amendment  right to due process and the Sixth Amendment right to counsel.   Ms. Montecalvo was a gifted student, who holds degrees from  Swarthmore College and Boston College Law School, where she graduated  magna cum laude in 2000.   After graduating from law school, she was immediately drawn to public  service. She started her legal career at the Department of Justice for  4 years, focusing on civil tax matters in the Federal courts. In 2004,  she joined the Rhode Island Public Defender's Office and has risen  through the ranks to lead that office.   Ms. Montecalvo has more than 20 years of experience as a trial and  appellate attorney. She has appeared in just about every court in Rhode  Island, including in the State's highest court. Her extensive courtroom  experience will add valuable perspectives to the deliberations of the  First Circuit.   But it is more than her resume. Within the Rhode Island legal  community, Ms. Montecalvo is known for her zealous advocacy for her  clients and her keen sense of justice. She has won accolades from  judges, prosecutors, and law enforcement officials. And individuals  across the political spectrum have endorsed her nomination, including  five Rhode Island attorneys general and two former U.S. attorneys, one  appointed by President Obama and one by President Trump.   I know Ms. Montecalvo will serve on the First Circuit with honor and  distinction as she has at every step of her legal career.   I urge my colleagues to confirm this highly qualified nominee to  serve as a judge on the First Circuit.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   