 Madam Speaker, I thank Mrs. Dingell and the ranking  member for their courtesy, and I also thank the Natural Resources  Committee for all the work they do. I am not on that committee, but I  have great respect and admiration for the committee and its chairman. I  thank you for letting me have 5 minutes to present this amendment.   Madam Speaker, this amendment is rather simple. It is  straightforward. The underlying bill establishes a new, competitive  grant program to support innovative strategies to help species  recovery. That is the underlying bill we have been debating all  afternoon. However, as drafted, the bill limits those competitive  grants to only State wildlife agencies.   Specifically, my amendment expands the eligibility of the grant  program to include nonprofit organizations like the North Carolina  Wildlife Resources Commission, the North Carolina Wildlife Federation,  the Pamlico Albemarle Wildlife Conservationists, and so many more  wonderful organizations in my State, and perhaps in your States all  across the country.   Many of these nonprofits have tremendous expertise in helping species  recover and they should be eligible to participate in this new program  under this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment,  which will strengthen our species recovery efforts.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I listened very carefully to the  gentleman from Arkansas, and I respect his position, but I just want to  remind my colleagues that in my State and most States these  organizations that are not nonprofits who care about the environment  and care about protecting endangered species--in most States and in all  of your States--these are not radical groups. These are good grassroots  nonprofit organizations who really care about the environment and want  to do their part in protecting our economy and our environmental  economy.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please vote for this amendment.  I understand the gentleman's concern, but I assure him that the  nonprofits that I speak of are not radical groups, they are good  environmental organizations.   Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Madam Speaker, in closing, let me thank the  gentlewoman from Michigan for supporting this amendment. It is a very  simple amendment. It is a very commonsense amendment. It will allow and  authorize nonprofit organizations, as Mrs. Dingell said, to compete for  funding.   It will not be a guarantee of funding. It will be an opportunity to  compete for funding. It is a worthwhile amendment, and I ask my  colleagues to vote ``yea.''   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   