 Madam President, first and foremost, let me thank Senator  Shaheen. She has been a leader in the Senate and in our caucus on  raising alarms about the danger of Nord Stream 2 to European security  and Ukrainian security. I have been so glad to work with her over these  past several years, and I am here on the floor to join her in our  strong opposition to the legislation that is pending on the floor as we  speak.   If this bill passes, it won't make the Nord Stream Pipeline any less  likely. It won't stop Russia from invading Ukraine. In fact, it will do  the exact opposite. It will make the completion of Nord Stream more  likely, and it will be a gift to Russia, dividing us from our European  allies right at the moment when we need to be in solidarity with them  in order to deter Russian aggression.   I will try not to repeat too much of what Senator Shaheen has said,  but let me just underscore the points she has made.   First, the sanctions in this bill are, unfortunately, pretty  feckless. They are feckless because they can be undone easily, within  30 to 60 days, by the Russian Government.   The reality is, if we don't convince our European partners to stop  moving forward with this project, there is no amount of U.S. sanction  that can be effective here. What we know is that even if you were to  sanction this German-Swiss company, the German board of directors, in a  matter of days, weeks, maybe a few months, the Russians could  reengineer the financing and the administration of the project to keep  it going.   Even more interesting to me is what Senator McConnell just said.  Senator McConnell just came to floor and said that while he supports  Senator Cruz's proposal, he expects that the Biden administration will  waive the sanctions. So then why are we engaging in this in the first  place if Republicans are going to support the waiving of the sanctions?  Because the sanctions would interrupt our negotiations with Germany,  why pass the bill in the first place?   So, apparently, many Republicans are supporting the Cruz bill but  then are going to be asking the Biden administration to not implement  it. That doesn't seem to make a lot of sense.   The primary impact of this bill, as Senator Shaheen explained, is to  divide us from Germany. Why is that? Because we know that the only way  to stop Nord Stream 2 is by convincing the Germans and other Europeans  to stop the project.   Now, we have, for the first time since we began talking to the  Germans about this, convinced them to press pause--the first time the  German Government has decided to press pause through their regulatory  agencies. They have stopped the certification of the pipeline, which,  by the way, is built. It was 95 percent built when President Trump left  office. He let it be constructed--95 percent built. It is now 100  percent built.   But the Germans have, because of American diplomacy and because of  the threat of invasion of Ukraine from Russia, pressed pause on this  project. It can't start until the summer or the fall, and, frankly,  that time allows us to continue to engage with the Germans and others  to try to convince them that this project is not in their interest.   So think about this from the German perspective. They finally said  yes to the United States, and the minute they say yes is the minute the  U.S. Senate decides to sanction German citizens. That is bad diplomacy.  It is just bad diplomacy. It is a moment at which we have to be in  lockstep with our European partners. We need to be sending a message to  Vladimir Putin that the United States and Europe are together and that  we are going to deliver a crushing package of sanctions if you enter  Ukraine any further.   This would be a gift to Vladimir Putin because it is a signal of  division at a moment when we need to be standing together.   Senator Menendez has the right approach. Senator Menendez has  proposed a bill which I think can draw support from 90 percent of this  body that enacts a set of sanctions on Russia if Russia moves any  farther into Ukraine beyond where they are already in eastern Ukraine  and Crimea. That sends the right signal. That is an effective message  of consequence rather than this proposal, which apparently is a set of  sanctions Republicans are going to ask to be waived and divides us from  our partners at a moment when we need to be together.    Lastly, I want to address one particular point that I have heard  Senator Cruz make over and over and over again in defense of his  proposal.   Senator Cruz says that the construction of the pipeline stopped when  Congress passed the Nord Stream sanctions and didn't begin again until  Joe Biden became President. I have seen that repeated in the press, and  it just isn't true.  [[Page S200]]    One company that was laying the pipeline backed out of the project  when the 2019 sanctions bill was passed, but then guess what happened.  Russia started retrofitting other ships to finish the job, and the  minute they were permitted, construction began again--not when Joe  Biden was President; when Donald Trump was President. The ships were  ready in May of 2020, before Joe Biden was even nominated, and they  started work a few months later, as soon as the Danish Government  permitted them.   Now, Senator Shaheen and Senator Cruz had passed a sanctions bill  with all of our support at the end of 2019. During all of 2020, while  the Russians were retrofitting these ships, while they were sending  them back to Danish waters, while the permitting process was happening,  Donald Trump didn't enact one sanction that was permitted by Congress.   Congress passed a law at the end of 2019. In all of 2020, Donald  Trump didn't enact a single sanction. This was the critical moment.  This was the time in which the meat of the pipeline was being built.  President Trump did nothing, and he paid no consequence for it. Do you  know why? Because in 2020, Senator Cruz didn't hold up any of Donald  Trump's State Department nominees when Trump was refusing to implement  sanctions, when the Russians sent ships that started showing up to  restart construction, not even when construction restarted in the fall  of 2020--nope. During this time, all of Trump's State Department  nominees sailed through without a single Republican objection or  blockade.   On Trump's last day in office, his last day, literally as he was  packing up the Oval Office, January 19, he sanctioned one ship and the  company that owned the ship--essentially a signal of how little he  cared. On the day he was leaving, he sanctioned one ship and the  company that owned the ship, but by this time, 95 percent of the  pipeline was complete. It was too late. Then he begrudgingly hands over  the keys to the Oval Office to Joe Biden and leaves the incoming  President with a mess--a pipeline 95 percent built that Donald Trump  could have stopped if he had used the sanctions he was given.   So you can understand why some of us wonder what the motivation is  behind Senator Cruz's extraordinary tactics now when the pipeline is  already built. It seems that the difference between 2020 and 2021 is  essentially that now there is a Democrat in the White House.   This bill isn't going to help Ukraine. It is designed to hurt the  President of the United States. Unfortunately, some--not all--not all  but some of our Republican colleagues here have consistently put their  desire to politically harm President Biden ahead of their desire to  protect the Nation, holding up the confirmation of President Biden's  nominees. It doesn't help the security of the Nation; it just increases  the chances that the United States won't have the personnel on hand to  deal with a crisis somewhere around the world when it develops and that  that failure may hurt Joe Biden's approval rating. Unfortunately, I  think that is what is going on here. Unfortunately, I think that is  what is going on here, and I hope that my colleagues see it.   I yield the floor.    I would.    That is my understanding. My understanding is that there  may have been private advocacy or public speeches given but that there  certainly wasn't the tactic used that had been used during 2020, which  is extraordinary, the holding of all nominees.   I think I would add to that that Democratic Senators have not used  that tactic. We had huge disagreements with President Trump's policy,  including his failure to use sanctions that were given to him by  Congress to stop the pipeline at the moment when those sanctions would  have been most effective, but we didn't block all of President Trump's  Ambassadors and State Department personnel because we thought that it  was better to have those people on hand, working to protect U.S.  interests, than it was to have those positions vacant.   That is the case we have been trying to make on this floor, that if  you really care about helping Ukraine, why did Senator Cruz spend all  of 2020 blocking the Ambassadors and State Department personnel whose  job it would have been to help Ukraine?   No one has been more engaged on this question and this fight than you  have, Senator Shaheen.    I would.   If you don't mind, Senator Shaheen, I will just go through the  timeline once again because I think it is important.   In December of 2019, Congress passed the sanctions bill that you and  Senator Cruz championed. That stops Allseas, the private company, from  constructing the pipeline.   They pull back, but immediately Russia starts retrofitting their own  ships, and we knew it. We saw it. This wasn't secret. That happens from  the beginning of 2020, and by May of 2020, those ships are on their  way.   From May until October, they are caught up in permitting, but it is  just a matter of time. Everybody knows those ships are eventually going  to start laying down pipe.   By October of 2020, before Joe Biden is elected President, those  ships are back doing construction.   In October, November, December, all throughout the end of 2020, those  ships are back rebuilding the pipeline, such that on January 19, the  last day of Trump's Presidency, 95 percent of the pipeline--somewhere  around 95 percent of the pipeline--is done.   Then literally walking out the door, Donald Trump lays down a  sanction on one company and one ship that the company owns.   All through 2020, there was no blockade of State Department nominees,  no grinding to a halt of Senate nominations business to try to prompt  the President to change his mind. All of that magically starts  happening when Joe Biden is President, when 95 percent of the pipeline  is done.   I hope, Senator Shaheen--and I will let you wrap up--I hope that we  can find a way to get on the same page here because we have been for  much of the last several years, and you have led that effort.   I think Senator Menendez's legislation, which is all about the right  set of incentives and disincentives for Russian behavior, is perhaps  the means that we can sort of elevate this above the question of who is  President and get back to fighting for the interests of our Nation and  the interests of our partners in Ukraine.  [[Page S201]]        