 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  6531, the Targeting Resources to Communities in Need Act.   The impetus for this legislation was the understanding that in  certain parts of the country there are pockets of systemic poverty  caused by a variety of factors that can be very difficult to boost  economically.   Ranging from rural towns to populated urban areas, these areas of  persistent poverty deserve a keen eye from our Federal Government and a  plan to help them reinvigorate.   I have been proud to work with Majority Whip  Jim Clyburn on this for  many years now with some modest success, but hopefully a great future  today. I have been happy to work with Mr. Clyburn on legislative  efforts to alleviate persistent poverty and set up these communities  for economic success and self-sufficiency.    This bill directs the Office of Management and Budget, in  consultation with Federal agencies, to develop and implement guidance  and measures to increase the share of Federal investments targeted to  areas of persistent poverty.   The bill will require the OMB director to submit to Congress each  fiscal year a report including the list of programs, by agency, under  which the amount of Federal funds targeted to persistent poverty areas  were increased in the previous fiscal year.   By targeting Federal resources to these communities, we will spur  economic development in the areas of the country that need it most and  strengthen the American economy as a whole.   The bill further requires the U.S. Government Accountability Office  to report on the effectiveness of the measures implemented, which will  responsibly ensure that this legislation is making a meaningful impact.   We have made great strides to lift up impoverished areas, like  Kentucky's Appalachian region, but we have more work to do in my  district and similar parts of the country that need our attention. This  targeted bill will help communities break through the cycle of poverty  and provide resources necessary to thrive.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Whip Clyburn for his partnership and his great  work on this over the years and his commitment, and I urge support for  the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7691, the emergency  supplemental appropriations act for Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, this vital assistance will continue the support of  Ukraine's heroic and inspiring assistance of their countrymen and will  continue to support their heroic and inspiring resistance to Russia's  unprovoked invasion. We and our allies must continue to provide the  assistance critical to defeat Russian aggression and help preserve  Ukrainian independence.   For those in this country and elsewhere, Mr. Speaker, who thought  that war was a 19th or 20th century concern, this crisis has  underscored the importance of capable military alliances, the  centrality of NATO, and the critical importance of American leadership  in the transatlantic alliance.   This bill provides essential military assistance across State  Department and Department of Defense accounts. It also includes funding  for Russian sanctions enforcement, returns our diplomats to Kyiv, and  provides much-needed humanitarian relief for Ukraine and other  countries impacted by this crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill.   