 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend.   I believe that you should one day be Governor of the great State of  Tennessee, my friend, in your Carhartt jacket. That would be great.   Madam Speaker, our founders were clear. The Second Amendment was  designed as the backbone upon which individual rights and liberties  could be secured.   Efforts by the ruling class in our government are aimed at crippling  this Nation and corroding our Republic.   It is true, red flag laws sound benign on paper. Flagging dangerous  individuals and keeping them from weaponry  [[Page H5821]]  seems like a cut-and-dry issue; but a cursory glance at the actions of  our overreaching Federal Government clearly show that these laws are  ripe for Federal abuse of your rights and mine.   Make no mistake, red flag laws will be used to flag those who vote  for freedom, strip them of their right to self-defense, and empower  faceless bureaucrats to dole out or to not dole out the right of self- defense to a downtrodden and oppressed class of citizens.    They will be weaponized to demonize and destroy political dissidents  in this country. If you vote against the regime, you may be stripped of  your rights. If you refuse the medical decisions pushed by POTUS and  the regime, you may be stripped of your rights.   If you raise your children to adhere to Proverbs and push-ups instead  of POTUS, you may be stripped of your rights.   To the American people, I say this: It is not a right if you have to  ask permission to exercise it. We are very near this government  becoming the exact reason our founders designed the Constitution to  hold back a tyrannical government.   The Second Amendment was not designed to hunt deer, but to defend  against liberty and invasion.   Again, red flag laws sound benign. We all want to keep weapons out of  the hands of dangerous people, but remember that this government, the  CDC, has labeled you a national security problem for protecting your  health.   The FBI, last September, has called your mothers and wives domestic  terrorists for protecting your children. Now, just days ago, a  committee here on Capitol Hill has labeled half the country as coup  sympathetic.   The same faceless fact-checkers who sensor your speech will seize  your sovereignty. And trust me, they won't come to your front door with  a clipboard and a smile.   These liberal lackeys will show up before dawn and invade your home,  seize your property, and smash any concept of individual liberty you  may possess. Remember the actions the ruling elite took against those  at Waco and Ruby Ridge.   We must wake up. We cannot trust this government. We must not give  them more legal avenues to turn their national security apparatus  against those who they swore to defend.   