 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am worried that we are heading toward  another unnecessary, manufactured crisis because our current government  funding is set to expire in 8 days. So I want to take a moment and talk  about how we got here, and the path forward.   In fiscal year 2022, Leader McConnell required parity between defense  and nondefense funding. This was a requirement that we met--Democrats  and Republicans--and it provided the commonsense framework that allowed  us to finish our work.   Now, the Republicans have abandoned this framework, demanding steep  cuts to programs that the American people rely on. The cuts will be  more painful as inflation continues to squeeze pocketbooks. Heating,  cooling, food, and housing--these costs are becoming more expensive.   They have justified this change of tactics by claiming that Democrats  spent $700 billion in reconciliation bills and that this should negate  the need to provide parity to nondefense programs. Well, of course,  there is an obvious flaw in that kind of reasoning. The spending that  they are talking about was to meet an unprecedented crisis that killed  more than 1 million Americans and threatened to collapse the global  economy.   Did people expect us not to defend Americans at that time?   The bills were meant to get us out of the pandemic, get the Nation  healthy, and get our economy back on track, and I believe they are  accomplishing that goal.   Would anybody say they wish we had not spent that money?   They weren't meant to fund the basic functions of the American  Government in fiscal year 2023; they were meant to take care of the  dangers of the pandemic that killed 1 million Americans and threatened  the collapse of the global economy.   Now, we Democrats do agree with our Republican colleagues that  inflation threatens the national security. We all agree on that. But  nondefense programs face an equal threat and demand an equal response  because of inflation, and if we have inaction on the Republican side,  that threatens bipartisan priorities and programs--priorities and  programs that both Republicans and Democrats support.   Without an omnibus, the bipartisan CHIPS law--remember the CHIPS law?  That passed this summer. It will help our country compete with China.  Well, it won't be funded, and that competition languishes. And our  promise to our veterans will be broken as the bipartisan PACT Act would  go underfunded. VA medical care would fall at least $7.5 billion short.    Without an omnibus, those who are opposing the omnibus or those who,  by inaction, won't support getting an omnibus before us will defund the  police by slashing assistance to local law enforcement and keep 1,500  police officers off the streets and out of our communities. In the face  of a surge in domestic violence, it will be the inaction of those who  are not helping us get an  [[Page S7044]]  omnibus bill through that will leave the bipartisan reauthorization of  the Violence Against Women Act without the new funding it needs.   Remember when I and others rewrote the Violence Against Women Act? We  added the LGBTQ community, we added the Native American community, and  we added money to go after those who are predators of children.   Now, Republicans may want to blame Democrats for stifling the  economy, but it is their position that will shortchange funding at our  ports of entry and strangle the flow of commerce and the economy's  ability to grow. You can have rhetoric, but then reality catches up.  And you need the money to fund our ports of entry, or we all know the  effect it will have on the economy.   And if they do not join in this, it will be Republicans who turn  their backs on small businesses by not providing the SBA with the  resources it needs to help small businesses thrive.   And sending men and women to the Moon, that funding is going to be  delayed.   For months, the Democrats have asked our Republican colleagues to  join us at the negotiating table, and for months we were met with dead  silence. At this very moment, my door and the doors of my staff are  open. They can join us in this work at any time.   Time is running out. We have to move forward. I have stayed here the  past several weekends to be available for any kind of negotiations  people want. So, to move this forward, I would hope we would have had a  bipartisan bill on the floor by now.   On Monday, Chair DeLauro of the House and I will introduce an omnibus  bill that we believe is fair and bipartisan. It will fully fund defense  at the NDAA level, and it will provide the needed increase to  nondefense programs to both stave off inflation but especially to help  the American people.   And to show our good faith, we eliminated the so-called poison pill  riders that Republicans have objected to, and we firmly believe this  bill can and should earn the votes of at least 10 Republican Senators.  So I think it is a reasonable path forward.   The money runs out on December 16. I think it would help if my  Republican friends accept yes for an answer. There is plenty in here  for both Republicans and Democrats to declare a victory.   But most importantly, the American people can declare victory. Each  side will get a large part of what they want, but the most important  part, the American people will get what they need. We should call this  an American bill. It is not a Republican or a Democratic bill; it is a  bill for America because if we don't do it, we are going to have a  continuing resolution at last year's level, with no adjustments for  inflation, with real-life consequences that would entail.   I would hope no Republican wants that because if they do, we end up  with a continuing resolution that lowers funds of everything from  defense to nondefense programs. It damages our economy; it damages our  defense; and they will have only themselves to blame.   I would hope it won't be a case of who passes blame of a disaster but  rather a case where we come together and say to America: You can  declare victory.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   