 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, like so many people in Texas and across  the country, I can't stop thinking about the 19 children and the two  teachers who lost their lives in Uvalde, TX. Over the last several  days, 21 families have started burying their loved ones. This tight- knit community of 15,000 people 60 miles from the U.S.-Mexico border is  grieving the loss of classmates, playmates, friends, neighbors,  colleagues, and fellow church members.   As grief turns to anger and anger turns to action, everyone is asking  the question--the logical question--how do we stop these sort of things  from happening again? Well, I think that is the right question. That is  the question that has been on my mind and dominating conversations with  my colleagues the last couple of weeks.   This is a big diverse country. There are a lot of differences  regionally, culturally, and the like. Each of us have ideas about what  would work best, but that is the genius of our Federal system, one that  Louis Brandeis called the ``laboratories of democracy'' because ``one  size fits all'' is not necessarily always the right solution.   But those of us who work here in the Senate know this is not just  about our goals or ideals; it is about what was once called the ``art  of the possible.'' Perfect bills exist only in our imagination and we  have to be realistic about what can pass both Chambers of Congress and  get the President's signature. And we know it is not easy by design.  The Founding Fathers had this idea that if they made it hard to pass  legislation, if they forced us to build consensus, that we wouldn't  pass a lot of laws that would limit individual freedom and liberty;  that it would only be where there was a true national consensus that we  could get those laws passed.   Over the last week and a half, I have been talking, particularly with  Senator Murphy, Senator Tillis, Senator Sinema, but, literally, with  everybody I could reach on the phone or get through text message to see  if there is some package of mental health and safety legislation that  addresses some of the factors that might have prevented the recent  shootings in Uvalde and elsewhere.   I want to be clear, though. We are not talking about restricting the  rights of current law-abiding gun owners or citizens. This is a  constitutional right, as much as that may go against the grain of some  of our colleagues who would like to see us do things that would  restrict the right of American citizens under the Second Amendment. The  right to keep and bear arms is guaranteed by the Constitution itself.  And the vast majority of the Republican conference feels, certainly,  the same way.   What I am interested in is keeping guns out of the hands of those  who, by current law, are not supposed to have them--people with mental  health problems, people who have criminal records.   Again, this is about the ``art of the possible.'' In order to deliver  results, we have to build consensus, and the best way to do that is  through targeted reforms. We have actually had success doing this  before. On November 5, 2017, a tight-knit community in Texas called  Sutherland Springs was the target of a shooting. A gunman opened fire  at a small Baptist church, killing 26 people. We quickly learned that  the shooter had a long and disturbing record of violence--school  suspensions, comments about wanting to kill his superiors in the  military, animal abuse, violence against those closest to him, felony,  domestic violence convictions--he fractured the skull of his stepson in  a fit of anger, and he even spent time in military prison. Yet, under  the existing National Instant Criminal Background Check System, the Air  Force had not uploaded that information.   Under existing Federal law, the shooter was prohibited from ever  purchasing or possessing a firearm. So how did he get his hands on a  semiautomatic weapon that he used to take 26 innocent lives? Well, it  was because of a broken system. He was able to purchase four firearms  because the information about his criminal history had never been  uploaded into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System  known as the NICS system. In that case, it was clear that the answer  was, How do we stop this again? It was obvious: Get the background  check system improved to record existing disqualifications to purchase  or possess firearms.    Senator Murphy and I introduced the Fix NICS Act to ensure all  departments and agencies accurately and correctly uploaded these  conviction records on a timely basis. That bill, at the time it became  law, had more than 70 bipartisan cosponsors, and it was signed into law  in March 2018. And here is what happened next. In the first 3 years  since that bill became law, 11\1/2\ million additional records have  been uploaded into the three national databases--11.5 million  additional records. The number of records in one of those databases  increased by more than 30 percent.   I believe the reason we were able to succeed with the Fix NICS  legislation is because it addressed a glaring problem without  jeopardizing the rights of law-abiding citizens under the Second  Amendment. I mentioned that the bill had more than 70 cosponsors. I am  reminded here that it had 77 bipartisan cosponsors. And that was how we  passed the first major reform to the background checks system in 25  years. My hope is we can take the same approach here to build consensus  by targeting the problem with a targeted solution.   This one is actually harder because in Uvalde there were so many  points of failure--not just one--multiple points of failure. But one  obvious glaring issue is the lack of mental health intervention.  According to the reports we have seen, the shooter was isolated, he was  bullied, he harmed himself, he self-mutilated. He had a history of  fighting and threatening students and abusing animals. These are  textbook signs, compounded with a profile we have seen too often of  someone who could pose, not only as a threat to himself, but to others,  as well.   But these signs were ignored, and we saw the tragic consequences. I  don't think it is breaking news to say that there is a mental health  crisis among America's children, and we can't ignore the devastating  impact that the pandemic had on a lot of our young people.  [[Page S2777]]  In a recent survey conducted by the New York Times, 94 percent of  school counselors said their students were showing more signs of  anxiety and depression than before the pandemic. And 88 percent said  students were having more trouble regulating their emotions and almost  three-quarters said they were having difficulty solving conflicts with  their friends. One counselor said: ``Kids are more impulsive, [they  are] less controlled, and struggle with emotional regulation.''   I believe we need to take this opportunity to support our children  who struggle with emotional or mental health problems, and that is  something I believe will bring us together and all 100 Senators can  agree on.   Another big issue is school safety. This shooter should never have  been able to gain access to Robb Elementary School that day. Again, the  circumstances of how he gained that access are still under  investigation. Initial reports indicated the door had been propped  open. Now the police say the door had been closed but did not  automatically lock like it was supposed to. If our schools need more  resources to harden their infrastructure and evaluate their physical  security measures and make necessary improvements, that is something we  can agree on and something we need to do. No one should be able to walk  through the door of a school and access a classroom so easily. You  can't get into an airport very easily. We know how to do this.   Improving school safety also means reviewing current protocol,  developing best practices, and adding or maybe expanding the number of  school resource officers.   These are commonsense ways to save lives, and we need to provide  schools with the resources to protect our students and our teachers.   I am a proud supporter of the Second Amendment, period. We also  recognize, though, that there are people who are prohibited by current  law from purchasing guns, like the shooter in Sutherland Springs,  because of criminal records or mental illness.   We are discussing possible additional reforms to keep guns out of the  hands of people who are not legally allowed to purchase or possess them  in the first place. If we reach an agreement, law-abiding gun owners  will not be impacted at all. Our conversations are ongoing, and,  indeed, all 100 Senators will be part of that conversation, but these  are the broad parameters of the things that I am interested in  addressing. We are not talking about banning a category of weapons  across the board, a ban on certain high-capacity magazines, or changing  the background check system by adding additional disqualifying items.  If we are actually serious about finding common ground and building  consensus, those sorts of things will stand no chance of passing the  Senate. Instead, we are talking about commonsense, targeted reforms  that are responsive to the tragedies in Uvalde and elsewhere and that  will, I believe, help save lives--strengthening mental health,  bolstering school security, keeping guns out of the hands of people who  are already legally prohibited from having them. I think a lot of our  colleagues could get behind those provisions like they did with the Fix  NICS bill.   Following Sutherland Springs, we came up with a targeted bill to  address specific circumstances. I hope we can do so again. I will not  settle on inadequate or downright harmful legislation for the sake of  doing something. That is not productive for anyone.   That is one of the things I hear the most. People say ``Do  something.'' Well, we can agree that something needs to be done, but  what that something is, is much harder to achieve, and so targeted  reforms, I think, are the way to get to where we need to go.   I understand the desire for quick action, but I hope the Democratic  leader will allow bipartisan discussions to continue and then conclude  before he pulls the plug and schedules show votes on something he knows  can't pass. He has threatened to do it, but I don't believe we ought to  try to meet artificial deadlines. We know how to do this, and I think  giving the Senate adequate time over the next week or so to try to  reach that consensus is eminently reasonable.   I don't believe the Senate will be voting this week because good  consensus legislation takes time. So I hope Senator Schumer will let  his Members work. There is no use in rushing a vote on a doomed,  partisan bill like the House is expected to vote on this week. My goal  is to achieve a result, and the only way we can do that, the only way  we can get a bill that will pass both Chambers and earn the President's  signature, is by taking the time and reaching that consensus.   Right now, there is not a bill out there that stands a chance of  succeeding in the coming days, but my hope is that will change by  allowing the Senate to do the work we know how to do and come up with a  bipartisan bill that commands the support of 60-plus Members of the  Senate and something we can send to the President for his signature.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   