 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives  DelBene and Kelly for putting forth the timely Improving Seniors'  Timely Access to Care Act.   Mr. Speaker, I would just like to explain to the public what pre- authorization means. I am a practicing physician, so if I order a test,  I recommend a surgery, it then goes into a bucket at an insurance  agency, and then we play the great waiting game. The patient is no  longer in the office because we have no idea how long that waiting game  is. It was put in and accepted for what I believe was a good cause. But  as with many government programs, or institutions, or institutions of  our bureaucracy in the private sector even, it is something that has  gone bad and gone terribly wrong.   I may be waiting 2 or 3 or 4 weeks to speak with somebody who is not  my peer. I am a surgeon. I may be speaking with a pediatrician or, even  more, I might be speaking with a nurse practitioner who has no  experience whatsoever in my field of study to get their approval of  something that I know needs to happen. It is an absolutely antiquated  system that does not work.  [[Page H7803]]    I am going to give you a couple of examples. Approximately 10 weeks  ago, I saw a prostate cancer patient. There were two avenues to go on  this: Either he needed to be operated on very quickly, or the cat was  out of the bag, and he needed intensive chemotherapy quickly.   A week goes by, 2 weeks go by. What is that patient doing at home? He  hasn't slept one wink because his entire future, his entire life, is  then suspended in front of him.   It took 3 weeks, 3 weeks to get the study that every urologist in the  country knew was necessary to get that answer. Yet, in the meantime,  that patient has lost years, just in life as far as worry.   A second; one of my partners did a very complicated surgery on a  patient. The patient was a bad diabetic; came in a week or two later  with a wound infection. Fine, come in, get some intensive IV  antibiotics. Try to get the patient out of the hospital because we know  it is good to get patients out of the hospital when they don't need to  be in the hospital.   He needed a certain oral antibiotic that was prescribed for him. It  was denied. It was denied. It was denied. A week and a half later, he  shows up in my office as an emergency. I have to send him over somewhat  late in the afternoon, so that means he gets on the OR schedule at  10:00, 11:00, or 2 a.m., and has to have an abscess drained. And then  he is in the hospital now another 2 weeks because he didn't get that  antibiotic prescribed to him when he should have because it was denied,  his authorization.    Mr. Speaker, I know the CBO score came in. I don't believe it. I have  lived and breathed this for 30-plus years. I don't believe it. It  doesn't pass the smell test. To come up at the last minute with this  score, in my opinion, is erroneous and needs to be looked at again,  because I look at the savings that we, as physicians, provide in  knowing what is right for our patients in the moment versus some  bureaucrat in an insurance company who is given the directive to deny,  deny, deny, is not what we should be doing in medicine. Our medical  system has become bankrupt and these pre-authorizations are part of it.   So I have a hard time going along with the CBO score of $16 billion  because I don't believe it. This is what is right for patients. This is  decades past the time when this should have been done.   I look at the doctors that I have worked with, and we are just  plagued in clinic, because we know what we are going to recommend for  our patients after years of study and work with patients is going to be  possibly denied by someone who has no experience who has been told by  insurance companies, deny, deny, and deny until they wear out the  doctor and wear out the patient.   So, Mr. Speaker, this is a travesty, I believe, to not pass this  bill. I also do not believe the CBO score, and I think it is a great  injustice for our patients to be denied care because of this antiquated  pre-authorization system.   