 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, before  coming to the Senate, I was actually involved in a very, very small  business. For nearly 17 years, this business had 1 location and 15  employees. After all that work, over the next 20 years, it did grow  into then a regional company and a national one. All I can tell you is  that that is the hardest job out there. Farming is another example  where you are a sole proprietor and you have all the risk.   Whenever there are burdensome regulations that come into play, they  have to be measured. You have to make sure you don't have things that  are going to make that job even more difficult. Living that life as a  Main Street business owner, I know firsthand how some of that stuff,  even though well-intentioned, can end up being something that makes the  difference whether you survive or not.   As Wage and Hour Administrator, Ms. Looman would be in charge of  enforcing the Fair Labor Standards Act, which is a Federal statute  dictating minimum wage, overtime pay, recordkeeping, and child labor  requirements for private employers. As Acting Administrator, she  oversaw the end of the Trump administration's rules on joint employers,  independent contractors, and overtime. These rules brought greater  regulatory certainty and consistency to employers and entrepreneurs,  small ones.   The Biden administration is working on their own version of these  rules, which I fear will be job-killing, burdensome, and bring  uncertainty to employers, employees, and entrepreneurs.   The other thing that these businesses do--unlike larger ones, this is  their main source of income. Their living is made out of it. They are  lucky if they scrape out a return on investment. So if it gets to be  too burdensome, you are taking away, in essence, a paycheck.   Most recently, they announced a proposed rule for determining  independent contractor classification. This proposed rule would have  immediate and long-term disruptive effects on millions of workers and  thousands of businesses at a time when the economy is facing high  inflation rates and stress in the business community in general.   This position impacts too many Americans and small businesses not to  have a vote for them or to have undue, burdensome regulations;  therefore, I do object.   