 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs.  Cammack), for her leadership in putting together this Special Order  this evening to honor our local law enforcement officers. I can think  of few people more deserving of this honor than the men and women in  local law enforcement, as their daily acts of heroism, bravery, and  courage keep our communities safe.   Tonight, we have heard numerous examples of officers displaying acts  of heroism while in the line of duty. I would like to include a few  more from my district back in Cincinnati, Ohio.   Officers Tiffany Mountjoy and Chris Keene of the Franklin, Ohio,  Police Department, ran into a house engulfed in flames, without  protective gear, to save the life of an 82-year-old woman who was  trapped inside.   Cincinnati Police Officer Sonny Kim was shot and killed in the line  of duty by an individual whose apparent motive was to lure and murder  as many police officers as possible.   Colerain Township Police Officer Dale Woods was responding to a  traffic accident when he was hit by a truck. Officer Woods, a father of  three children, who had served the community with distinction for 15  years, died 3 days later.   Finally, one of most heroic occurrences by police officers in my  congressional district in recent memory took place a couple of years  back when Cincinnati police officers responded to an active shooter  situation in downtown Cincinnati at the Fifth Third Bank on Fountain  Square. Their quick actions saved the lives of countless civilians who  were in the building that day, whose lives probably would have been  lost but for their heroism.   According to the FBI, there were 73 law enforcement officers killed  in the line of duty last year by felonious homicide, meaning they were  killed with firearms, vehicles, knives, or assaults. That is nearly  twice as many as were killed in the line of duty the year before. Of  those, 32 officers were killed last year by ambush attack, which is  twice as many as the previous 2 years combined.   These numbers are quite disturbing, particularly when you consider  that many Democrat elected officials across the country, and in this  very House, support policies which are antipolice, like defunding the  police or dismantling police departments or eliminating qualified  immunity, which means they could be sued personally as police officers.    We need to be supporting our police officers all across the country,  not implementing policies that put them at risk.   