 Mr. Speaker, I find myself pretty upset today. My  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are trying to deceive the  American people. Democrats are only bringing up these bills today  because 46 days from a midterm election they want the American people  to suddenly and miraculously believe that they care about the crime  crisis plaguing our Nation.   There were 219 Democrats who voted to defund the police and take away  resources from law enforcement, including qualified immunity. There  were 219 Democrats who voted for legislation that effectively destroyed  the profession that I love so much. You can laugh, Mr. Chair, I wore  the uniform of local law enforcement, and that smirk upsets me.   Make no mistake, Democrats are the reason recruitment, retention, and  morale of law enforcement officers is at an all-time low and crime is  at an all-time high. The timing of these bills is an insult to the law  enforcement community and the American people.   To my Democrat colleagues: Where were you when the protesters came to  my State of Minnesota and set up  [[Page H8095]]  GoFundMe pages to raise money and bail out violent criminals who  assaulted and beat innocent people?   Where were you when a Member of the California delegation came to  Minnesota to stir up aggression and hatred toward my brothers and  sisters in the blue and brown?   Where were you when officers were being violently assaulted and  killed each day across this country?   Where were you when America's police officers and their families were  begging for support and needed elected officials to have their backs?  Where were you?   I will tell you where you were. They were here in this Chamber  pushing police departments to be defunded. They wanted to defund,  dismantle, and disarm the police.   Regardless of how I vote today, I have to tell you that I am furious  that days before an election, and for political purposes only, these  bills are being brought up by my colleagues. The American people have  suffered enough, and at the end of the day the American people and our  law enforcement community do not appreciate being used as pawns for  political gain.   To the American people, I know the crime crisis you and your families  are facing is very real. I will not stop my work to reinvigorate the  law enforcement profession, to hold lax prosecutors accountable, and to  put violent criminals away.   Mr. Speaker, my time in uniform may be over, but my watch will never  end.   