 Madam President, I rise today to ask my colleagues to  join me in recognizing April as National Minority Health Month. For  over 35 years, commemorating National Minority Health Month every April  has provided us the opportunity to celebrate the progress we have made  in addressing health disparities and recommit to achieving health  equity. I thank my colleagues, especially Senator Scott of South  Carolina, for working with me to recognize this occasion formally  through a Senate resolution.   Minority groups now make up more the 40 percent of the American  population, and that number will continue to rise. Health disparities  persist among racial and ethnic minorities. These disparities are  plainly visible if we examine the mental health crisis or diseases such  as diabetes and asthma.   Adults and children across all groups continue to experience  increased behavioral health issues, but the burden on minority  populations is heaviest. For instance, for American Indian and Alaska  Native adults the death rate from suicide is about 20 percent higher  than non-Hispanic White population. In 2019, suicide was the leading  and second leading cause of death for Native Hawaiians and Pacific  Islanders and African-Americans aged 15 to 24 respectively. High  school-aged Asian American males were 30 percent more likely to  consider attempting suicide than non-Hispanic White male students were.   This is why I continue to work with my colleagues in the Senate  Finance Committee to improve access to behavioral healthcare for  everyone. I look forward to working with all of my colleagues in the  Senate to get the bipartisan package signed into law and am proud to  continue my work to improve behavioral health, especially through  increased telehealth access.   More than 30 million Americans live with diabetes, but African- Americans are twice as likely and Hispanics are over 1.3 times as  likely to die from diabetes as non-Hispanic Whites are. African- Americans are also over three times more likely to suffer from  diabetes-related end-stage renal disease than non-Hispanic Whites are.  African-Americans and Hispanics are also at higher risk of having other  related complications, such as the need for lower extremity  amputations.   Asthma is another disease that disproportionately harms African- American, Hispanic, and American Indian and Alaska Native peoples.  These groups have the highest asthma rates, hospitalizations, and  deaths. For example, African-Americans are nearly 1.5 times more likely  to have asthma than non-Hispanic White Americans and 5 times more  likely to visit the emergency room due to asthma.   Social determinants of health such as access to transportation,  education, housing, and income play a key role in health and well- being. According to the Healthy Baltimore 2020 report, the discrepancy  in life expectancy between higher-income and lower-income neighborhoods  within the city is as high as  [[Page S2292]]  20 years--20 years based on one's Zip code. That is unconscionable.   To tackle health inequity, we must understand its underlying causes.  I am proud of the work that the National Institutes of Health--NIH-- based in Maryland, and NIH's National Institute for Minority Health and  Health Disparities--NIMHD--are doing to advance the field of scientific  research into health disparities. The evidence-based research that  NIMHD invests in at institutions throughout the country is expanding  the scientific knowledge base and informing practice and policy to  reduce health disparities. Some recent work of NIMHD has focused on the  prevention, treatment, and management of comorbid chronic diseases, as  well as COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy within communities of color.   COVID-19 has disproportionately affected communities of color,  particularly African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, and American Indian  or Alaska Native people, who are at an increased risk of getting sick,  having more severe illness, and dying from COVID-19. This is why I have  fought for additional outreach and better data to close this gap. As  part of that effort, Senator Menendez and I introduced our legislation,  the COVID-19 Health Disparities Action Act, which would support  targeted and culturally competent public awareness campaigns about  COVID-19 vaccines and preventive measures such as masking and social  distancing.   I am glad to see NIMHD also targeting these issues through the theme  of this year's National Minority Health Month, ``Give Your Community a  Boost!'' which focuses on the continued importance of COVID-19  vaccination, including boosters, as one of the most effective ways to  protect communities from COVID-19.   Accessible and affordable health coverage is key to addressing health  inequities. I was proud to help pass the Affordable Care Act--ACA-- which expanded health coverage to millions of Americans across the  country. The American Rescue Plan built on the success of the ACA and  expanded care to an additional 5.8 million Americans including 181,000  Marylanders.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to build on  this progress.   As we recognize April as National Minority Health Month, let us  recommit ourselves to ensuring all Americans have access to affordable,  high-quality healthcare and renew our pledge to do everything possible  to eliminate health disparities and ultimately achieve health equity  for all.   