 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Bost for yielding.   I rise today to advocate for H.R. 6604, as amended, the Veterans  Eligible to Transfer Schools (VETS) Credit Act. It corrects issues that  veterans are having when using their GI benefits when transferring  schools after a school closure. The bill also includes provisions from  my bill, H.R. 6458, which eliminates the requirement to specify an  effective period of a transfer of post-9/11 educational assistance to a  dependent.   I am grateful to Representative Vern Buchanan for attaching my bill  to H.R. 6604.   As Members of Congress, we realize the overall importance of the  Post-9/11 GI Bill. It has been a huge success in recruiting and  retaining servicemembers. Many servicemembers use the added benefit of  being able to transfer their education benefits to their family  members. With the cost of college education so astronomical in this  era, many servicemembers are using this opportunity.   Under current law servicemembers are eligible to transfer their 36  months of Post-9/11 GI Bill eligibility to their dependents if they  have served at least 6 years and incur a service obligation to serve an  additional 4 years.   The nonprofit Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, otherwise  known as TAPS, has brought to our attention that under current practice  if a  [[Page H4999]]  servicemember accidentally puts on their GI Bill transfer form that the  benefits for a child or other dependent expire on a certain date and  the servicemember later dies before the benefit is used, there is no  way for the record to be changed to allow a dependent to use the  benefit.   If the veteran were still alive, they could go back in the system and  change the date at any time. TAPS has seen this happen to several  family members and has asked us to look into it and try to correct the  problem. When we contacted the Department of Defense to see if they  could address this with an administrative fix, we were told that a  legislative correction was needed, and this is why we are here today to  introduce my bill.   The bill, as amended, includes this change that would eliminate the  requirement to specify a period of transfer of Post-9/11 GI Bill  entitlement to a dependent. This would prevent those entitled to post- 9/11 education benefits from accidentally inputting the wrong date and  therefore preventing the dependent from taking advantage of the  benefit.   It may seem a small detail, but for those individuals it is a very,  very large benefit. I am grateful to TAPS for identifying this issue  and grateful for Congressman Buchanan as well as Chairman Takano and  Ranking Member Bost for their support. I would like to thank the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs for their assistance.   