 Mr. Speaker, first, I want to take a point of personal  privilege. This is the first day that I have walked into the House  without Don Young being in it.   Don Young was an outstanding Congressman and a good human being. He  was my friend. Every day I walked in those doors and he sat on the  aisle, I would say hello, and we would talk. This is the first day he  hasn't been there to say hello.   I will join with other Members to memorialize him in the services  tomorrow here in the Capitol and also at his church in Virginia on  Wednesday. Mr. Young was the dean of the House, just a good human  being, and he had a wonderful wife.   On this bill, I want to thank Mr. Armstrong for working with me on  it. He was a strong proponent of the bill, and it is truly bipartisan  and bicameral. It has already passed the Senate in some form, I  believe.   It has been mentioned that Justice Scalia was a great proponent of  this, as was Justice Ginsburg and Justice Kavanaugh.   Mr. Bentz and Ms. Jackson Lee have made all the arguments. I have a  few pages of speeches here, but there is no reason to read them. A long  time ago, I was told if you make the sale, sit down. The sale has been  made, I believe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everybody to vote ``aye.''   I rise in strong support of H.R. 1621, the Prohibiting Punishment of  Acquitted Conduct Act. This bill is a bipartisan, bicameral effort to  prevent judges from punishing defendants for conduct they have not been  found to be guilty of. I'd like to begin by thanking my co-lead on this  bill, Congressman Kelly Armstrong, for all his hard work on this issue.   The U.S. Constitution's Fifth and Sixth Amendments guarantee the  right to due process and the right to a jury trial for those accused of  a crime--these are two foundational principles meant to foster justice  and fairness in the American criminal legal system. These rights ensure  that we are presumed to be innocent unless and until the government  proves a defendant's guilt to a Jury.   Our system requires the government to prove an individual's guilt to  a jury beyond a reasonable doubt; however, under current federal law,  judges may impose sentencing enhancements for conduct that they find to  have been committed based on a less demanding standard--preponderance  of the evidence.   The result of this discrepancy in the law is that even if a defendant  has been found by a jury of their peers to not be guilty of a crime, a  judge may still use and consider that conduct for the purposes of  sentencing them. This means that people are spending time in jail for  conduct that the government failed to prove they had committed, and a  jury has acquitted them of.   This is entirely antithetical to the foundational principles of our  criminal justice system and Constitution--it not only undermines due  process, but it undercuts the important role juries play in our  criminal system by allowing judges to sentence individuals for conduct  regardless of the decision of the jury.   The Prohibiting Punishment of Acquitted Conduct Act would correct  this inexplicable discrepancy by prohibiting the consideration of such  acquitted conduct in sentencing by federal judges, unless being  considered for the purpose of mitigating a sentence. This would ensure  that no one spends time in jail for conduct prosecutors were not able  to prove at trial.   It does so by amending Section 3661 of Title 18 to expressly state  that, except for purposes of mitigating a sentence, a court of the  United States shall not consider acquitted conduct when sentencing a  defendant.   Ending the consideration of acquitted conduct is and should be a  bipartisan effort--two of the fiercest champions of this policy  position include the late Justices Ginsburg and Scalia.   Allowing judges to continue to sentence defendants based on conduct  they have been acquitted of demeans and diminishes due process and is a  blatant attack on the Constitutional rights of Americans. We must  preserve and protect these rights by passing the Prohibiting Punishment  of Acquitted Conduct Act.   No one should be put behind bars for something the government was  unable to prove they did to a jury of their peers beyond a reasonable  doubt.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bicameral,  bipartisan bill to end this un-American practice.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I want to say how much I enjoyed working with  Mr. Armstrong on the Judiciary Committee.   When I came back for the new Congress and he wasn't on the committee,  that was a loss. But it has been good to work with him on this bill,  and he has worked on this in the past. I appreciate it.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to incorporate by reference everything that  Mr. Armstrong said into my previous lack of remarks. It can be done.   