 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Ranking Member  Davis, for yielding me the time.   I will address something that I heard just a few moments ago from my  colleague from Wyoming listing off a number of conservative  commentators about how great this bill is, and that is why we should  vote on it. Well, see, that is the problem of why we are here right  now. None of those conservative commentators are responsible for  casting a vote for something that will affect the future of this  country.   You see, we are here now making a decision on this issue when we  should have been included in this process all along. I am not calling  into question whether this bill is good or whether this bill is bad.  What I am saying is we have not been involved in this process, and we  are being told to just take the word of someone because they call  themselves a conservative commentator.   It is those of us here who have been elected by the people of this  Nation that are given the responsibility to analyze these things, to  work together in a bipartisan manner to come up with what is the best  solution for this Nation. That is not where we are.   A partisan-run committee is the one who has rushed this bill to the  floor, and we are being told that we need to work on it and that it is  imperative we pass it now.   Don't get me wrong, I agree that we ought to take a closer look at  the Electoral College Act. I agree that we should clarify some of the  mechanisms of the act, and I certainly agree that we should be working  to prevent another breach of security of this Capitol as we saw on  January 6.   With all that said, we can't afford a one-sided, no-compromises  discussion crafted by a partisan select committee, which is what we are  being presented with in this bill, at least from the perception that we  have at this moment.   So, my question is: Why now? Why has the January 6th Committee chosen  this moment to pursue this legislation instead of working together in a  true bipartisan manner, engaging Republicans and Democrats together in  a broader perspective?   You see, the American people are smart enough, and they know the  answer to this question. The January 6th Committee has really wasted  more than a year. Instead of looking into how the security of this  building was breached, they have been looking for a year for evidence  of some vast conspiracy on January 6, 2021, with nothing to show for  it. They have spent days falsely accusing me and some of my other  colleagues of wrongdoing in the days prior to the January 6 incidents  without producing any substantial evidence to back up their claims.  Why? Because it doesn't exist.   Now, with midterm elections looming and the prospect of a new  majority in the House and the Senate, they feel they need to justify  the time they have wasted by inserting themselves into what was once a  bipartisan, bicameral discussion of the Electoral Count Reform Act.   In the meantime, House Republicans have taken concrete steps to  promote confidence in elections at every level of government. We have  introduced legislation that would reaffirm States' constitutional  sovereignty over elections rather than trampling it. We have done this  because the American people are tired of hearing about January 6.   The American people care about the growing cost of living, the  declining economy, and the uncontrolled spending, which has caused mass  inflation.   The American people want to be confident that their vote counts in  every election, that they can trust the ballot box, and their concerns  won't be ignored by lawmakers in Washington.   I will close with this. The American people don't need the January  6th Committee to tell them what is broken in this country. They look at  their declining paycheck and the rising cost of groceries, and they see  this body focused on the past instead of correcting their future.    Madam Speaker, they see that this body and its  reckless spending is why we have record inflation in this moment.   For that reason, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  Presidential Election Reform Act, and then let's work together on  something that will work for the American people.   