 Madam President, I won't be able to work with you and  others on this in the next Congress. I am coming to the end of my 26  years here. In a couple more weeks, I will move on to whatever is the  next chapter, and I am excited about that. But I am frustrated that we  haven't been able to do a better job with this issue.  [[Page S7810]]    First of all, let me say I heard maybe not all hundred-and-thirty- some of those speeches that Senator Durbin has given, but I have heard  a lot of them. Like him, I fully am supportive of the kids who grew up  here being able to stay here. We should want them to stay here. We  should eagerly be looking for ways to be sure they stay here.   One demographics matter, a younger society is a more healthy society  in lots of ways, but also just the fairness of--asking somebody not to  live where they grew up or even, more importantly, asking them to go  back and try to live somewhere where they never lived before is a  critical thing that we should easily be able to get beyond.   I actually thought the plan that Senator Sinema and Senator Tillis  had put together had a lot of appeal because it didn't try to do  everything; it tried to do just enough things that were doable and get  them done together.   I have always thought, in 20-plus years of looking at this same  challenge, that the comprehensive solution is unlikely to be the best  solution we could achieve.   I was the whip in the House when I was in the House. It takes 218  people to get something done in the House. And when you look at the  challenges before us, how do you secure the border? What are the  legitimate workforce needs of the country? What do you do about people  who came or stayed outside the law? What do you do about people seeking  asylum? The same 218 House Members that may be the best 218 House  Members or the same 60 Senators that may be the best 60 Senators to  deal with the issue of ``how do you secure the border'' probably aren't  the best 60 Senators to figure out what we do about the legitimate  workforce needs of the country. And neither of them may be the best 60  Senators to figure out what we do about people who came or stayed  without documents. It is about half and half, I think. Or none of them  may be the best 60 Senators to figure out what is the very best way we  can wrap our arms around people who grew up here and let them know for  sure that we need them here, we want them here, and find that quick  solution.   I, frankly, think the Dreamer problem is and should be the easiest  problem of all of these problems to solve, because the alternative to  solving that problem makes so little sense. It makes so little sense in  a personal way. It makes so little sense in an economic way. It makes  so little sense for our communities.   Whether they are sitting here in caps or gowns or everyday doing hard  things in America in adding to their educational capacity, again, we  should want that to happen.   The asylum system, clearly, is broken. It just can't work that you  can walk up to the border in the United States of America and say: I  come seeking asylum; I come with fear for my life, or whatever. Living  in a poor, dangerous country is not the criteria for asylum. In fact,  that is why when people do go to the court to have their case heard,  about 1 out of 10 times do they qualify.   Now, if somebody has told them before they got here that they would  qualify or that the system just works in a way that, if you get here  and get into the country, we are so far behind that you get to stay and  who knows what might happen that allows you to stay longer than you  think you might be able to stay.   The border--securing the border--is definitely a definition of one of  the responsibilities of the country. If you can't secure your own  border--no matter what country you are talking about--you really don't  meet one of the entry-level definitions of a country. It is just  incredibly basic, and we are not doing that.   Frankly, under the last administration, I think we were doing a lot  of things right when it came to securing the border: a barrier where  you needed a barrier, other things where you needed other things to  monitor what was happening, being sure that people understood the  likelihood that they would be able to make an asylum claim in court.  All those things mattered and did matter--trying to be sure that people  had the information they needed, and even a third safe country.   If your goal is to try to get to a safe country, that should be your  goal. If your goal is trying to get to a country with a better economic  opportunity, probably, it should be trying to come to the United States  of America. But as Senator Durbin said--and, I suspect, every Senator,  when asked about this will say--everybody can't come here who lives in  a country that is less safe or less economically successful than ours.  It just can't happen. It is not possible. We can't have a border that  allows everybody who has that desire and can get to the border to  permanently be in the country.   But I thought the bill that I was very interested in, that we just  ran out of time to get to, that looked at the asylum system, that was  gaining strong support from the border guards and immigration officials  who came to see me and others and said: Here is what we need; here is  where the bill is perfect; here is where it could be made a little bit  better, and if this happens, we are going to be unanimously for it--I  thought that was the good approach. It didn't try to do everything, but  it tried to do enough things that people could feel like we were making  progress, building around what should be the easiest thing--the  Dreamers--moving on to get border patrol and others who work with  people at the border back into their real job, rather than the job of  detaining people who really aren't here for the reason they say they  are here, who know or will soon find out that they won't have an asylum  claim. That is just not working. It is not working that, no matter what  anybody says, the border is clearly not under control.   It is hard to solve these other problems with a border that is not  under control, but I thought the idea that we would move toward that  control and have some sign-offs before we move further was really one  of the good things in the bill that I was looking forward to seeing  presented and debated.   It is time we had bills debated on the floor. It is time we shared  more information and more thoughts. It is time we found the right  number of Senators to solve these problems in the best way, rather  than, frankly, not being able to find 60 Senators that have ever been  able to come up with a comprehensive solution that will also pass the  Congress.   I hope we can continue to pursue the right thing for our country, the  right thing for Dreamers, the right thing for our economy and the  workforce, the right thing for people who meet the skill needs of our  economy, to come here and find jobs that are at the level of jobs that  they are prepared for. We need to move forward.   Thanks to Senator Sinema and Senator Tillis for their efforts in  this. I look forward to watching as, hopefully, we continue to move  more dramatically toward the right goal for America and the right goal  for people who want to be Americans.   