 Madam President, over the last few decades, large  parts of our daily lives--like work, education, and even personal  finance--moved online. The emergence of computers, the internet, and  mobile devices have created a more interconnected world more than ever.  But this being connected can also be used by bad actors.   The entire world of information is at our fingertips, but also, so is  cyber crime. Because of this, those charged with keeping us safe have  the increasingly difficult task of not only protecting us from the  rising physical crime scene in our communities across the country but  also from cyber crime that is impossible to see and much harder to  detect.   Law enforcement officials in Alabama, my State, recognized the  problem early on. In 2006--before we all had smart phones in our  pockets--the Alabama Office of Prosecution Services and the Alabama  District Attorneys  [[Page S5522]]  Association saw the need for a more coordinated effort to train law  enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges in digital evidence.   They saw how the digital landscape was and still is constantly  evolving and how those in law enforcement needed to keep up. But they  also recognized how traditionally the largest departments with the  biggest budgets were the only ones who could afford the training  necessary to help their officers fight cyber and electronic crime.   So they outlined a plan to bring the training to more of our law  enforcement officials and formed a unique and important partnership  with the United States Secret Service to create a center for forensics  education for State and law enforcement officials.   Thanks to their innovative thinking, the National Computer Forensics  Institute--also known as NCFI--opened in 2008, under the roof provided  by the city of Hoover, AL.   The Institute had somewhat modest beginnings--a $4 million budget and  only 264 students. But thanks to continued support from Congress here  on the Hill, the Computer Forensics Institute now taps into a $13  million annual budget to train more than 4,000 students from across the  country every year.   To date, more than 19,000 State and local officers, prosecutors, and  judges representing all 50 States have been trained at this institute  right in the heart of Alabama. Local and State officials come from all  over the country to train in Alabama and then take their newly acquired  expertise back to their communities all over.   Graduates have reported utilizing their training in more than 578,000  digital forensic exams. It is clear this model is working. NCIF  graduates are applying their skills to protect their communities all  across the country.   The National Computer Forensics Institute focuses on teaching  officials how to investigate cyber and electronic crime, always  accounting--always accounting--for emerging technologies and difficult  digital capabilities. But they also teach officials how to conduct  forensic examinations of computers and mobile devices--a critical  component of almost every violent crime investigation. Thus, the  Institute gives officers and officials the tools they need to protect  Americans from both cyber crime and violent crime every day.   The pandemic and our related shift to more virtual work and schooling  sent cyber crime through the roof, and it continues to rise every day.  In fact, according to McAfee, a computer security software company, the  financial losses due to cyber crime ballooned to almost $1 trillion in  2020, and this number could hit $10.5 trillion by 2025 according to  digital research group Cybersecurity Ventures.   But, as we know all too well, the risk isn't just financial; cyber  criminals can hack pipelines and other key infrastructure systems that  are crucial to our daily lives and that pertain to our national  security.   Officials trained at the NCFI are a part of our frontline defense  against these attacks. The frontline--our local police officers,  district attorneys, and State officials--knows the people they serve  best. I want those protecting my home and my State trained to identify  and combat the latest threats, and I am sure you do as well.   In 2019, when cyber criminals threatened the people of Oldsmar, FL,  by attempting to poison the city's water supply, graduates from the  NCFI utilized their training to secure the city's infrastructure and  compile valuable evidence to keep citizens safe.   In the fall of 2021, a week and a half before schools were to open in  Louisiana, leaders were forced to declare a state of emergency due to  ransomware attacks on dozens of parish school districts throughout the  State. Thankfully, because of their time spent in Hoover, AL, Louisiana  State Police investigators, trained and equipped at the National  Computer Forensics Institute, responded to the attack. The  investigators dismantled the malware and assisted in rebuilding 54  school networks. All schools within the State started on time, and no  ransom was paid.   Earlier this year, after a madman terrorized shoppers at a grocery  store in Buffalo, NY, NCFI-trained graduates were able to act quickly  and support the police in their response. They used what they learned  to conduct a forensic exam of a GoPro camera and a cell phone used by  the shooter. That crucial video evidence is currently being used in the  prosecution to ensure justice and to protect the victims and their  families.   All Americans deserve to feel safe in their communities, and they  deserve to feel safe online while working, learning, banking--whatever  they need to do with electronic devices.   Brave men and women in law enforcement across the country are willing  and able to protect Americans from all crime, including cyber crime,  but they need the tools and resources to continue to do so effectively.   While some in Congress and the current administration have worked to  shrink the size and strength of our law enforcement, I am unapologetic  in my support for the men and women in blue. We must continue to  provide the specialized resources that all of them need to do their  jobs.   That is why I joined a group of colleagues from both sides of the  aisle to introduce the National Computer Forensics Institute  Reauthorization Act. This legislation, which passed the Senate by  unanimous consent this week, would build on the work started in 2017 to  strategically combat modern crime and set the National Computer  Forensics Institute up for continued success. It also builds on that  success by expanding the program's reach beyond just State and local  officials to Federal law enforcement employees. As we know, those  defending our national security at the national level should also have  access to the latest digital and cyber crime training.   The National Computer Forensics Institute is an excellent example of  a State's ingenuity and foresight--a group of individuals identifying a  gap that needed to be filled and providing a service with national  benefits. The success of the institute represents the impact State  leaders and Congress can have on the entire country when we work  together to support innovative and pragmatic solutions to our biggest  problems. Alabama is proud of the National Computer Forensics  Institute, and we are proud to provide cutting-edge training to many of  America's brave law enforcement officials.   As Americans across the country face a rise in both violence and  cyber crime, I applaud my colleagues for joining me to ensure our first  responders have the necessary expertise and training by reauthorizing  the National Computer Forensics Institute.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   