 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me  and for hosting this Special Order. I would be here to speak in support  of the men and women in law enforcement regardless.   Tonight, I come to the House floor to honor two local heroes:  Officers John Painter and J.J. Jefferson, who were killed in the line  of duty last week while responding to reports of a suspicious  individual at nearby Bridgewater College. Their funerals this week will  be overflowing with members of the community, the campus, law  enforcement, and members of government and civil officials, all of whom  loved these two heroes.   Officer John Painter dedicated his life to public service. Prior to  becoming a campus police officer at Bridgewater, Painter served in the  United States Air Force and the Army National Guard. He spent time as a  deputy sheriff in King George County, and he was a member of the  Grottoes Police Department for 18 years before retiring as chief in  2018.   Painter was known as a loving family man with a great loyalty to his  friends and community. Those who knew him say that his devotion to  others could not go unnoticed.   Like Officer Painter, Officer J.J. Jefferson committed his life to  protecting and serving others before coming to Bridgewater College in  2018. Jefferson began his law enforcement career in 1997 as a patrol  officer with the Fairfax County Sheriff's Office prior to spending 12  years as national reconnaissance officer in Chantilly, Virginia.  Jefferson then served as a sergeant with the Shenandoah University  Department of Public Safety during which time he was awarded the James  B. Wilkins Award for his proactive security initiatives. A veteran of  the United States Marine Corps, Jefferson is remembered for his  boisterous laugh and endearing smile.   Known as the dynamic duo, the two officers were the closest of  friends with Officer Painter even serving as the best man at  Jefferson's wedding.   Students describe the officers as family and said the pair ``really  cared about all of us--all of us.''   Painter and Jefferson made it a point to connect with those they were  tasked with protecting, embedding themselves into the community by  eating lunch with students, hanging out with them at campus gathering  spots, and offering words of wisdom to those they interacted with.   Officers Jefferson and Painter gave their lives to protect students  on campus, and our community is forever grateful for their sacrifice.  Their efforts surely prevented even greater loss of life, and the  dynamic duo's actions will never be forgotten.   The Bridgewater community mourns their tragic passing, and our  prayers remain with their families in this difficult time.   Tonight, we remember the words in John 15:13: No one has greater love  than this, to lay down one's life for one's friends.   Rest in peace, Officers Painter and Jefferson.   God bless.   