 Madam Speaker, I want to be the first to admit, this is a  difficult bill to debate. It sounds good. I believe the intentions of  the other side of the aisle are good as well. Nobody should be  subjected to sexual harassment.   But there is a problem. We are legislating outside of our domain. We  are violating States' rights in doing this. The law that is being  proposed to pass today here has already in some form or another been  implemented in 15 different States. But guess what, those 15 different  States don't all have the same solution. It is sort of arrogant for us  to sit here and say that we are going to come up with a one-size-fits- all that is going to be better than anything those 15 States have done.   I say to my constituents at home, that there are three tests that I  apply to any bill before voting for it.   The first test is, is it constitutional. This bill is questionable  whether it is constitutional because it would regulate intrastate  contracts, not just interstate contracts. We all know we have no  business inside of the States.   The other test that I apply is, can we afford it. Well, ostensibly,  this bill doesn't cost that much to impose a new thing on employers or  on contracts.   But the third test that I always apply is, is this something we  should solve at the Federal level or can States do it better? That is  where this bill fails. The States can legislate on this. The States  have legislated on this; 15 different States since 2018 have legislated  on this.   In fact, as I read this bill and as we debated it, I wondered what is  the definition of sexual harassment. Well, the bill itself refers to  the State definitions of sexual harassment. It is tacitly acknowledging  that contract law is the domain of the States. There was a concern  expressed during the debate in committee on this that is this the camel  putting its nose in the tent when we let Federal laws intervene in or  override State laws, and that was a concern that was expressed.   But it wasn't a conspiracy theory that there would be more  legislation after that. In fact, the ink is not even dry on this; the  vote hasn't happened today. But 2 days ago, just recently, the  Executive Office of the President, OMB, issued a Statement of  Administration Policy about this bill.   They are giddy at overriding State laws and breaking State contracts.  In fact, their statement says: ``The administration looks forward to  continuing to work with the Congress to advance broader legislation  that addresses the range of issues implicated in NDAs and  nondisparagement clauses.'' They can't wait to do more of this. They  can't wait to take over the State legislatures' roles in legislating  these issues.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' against this. I know it is a  tough vote. I know the other side has good intentions, but this is the  wrong bill.   