 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3875, the Community Disaster  Resilience Zones Act of 2022, which amends the Stafford Act to include  a section on natural disaster risk assessment.   This bill's intent is to make the public more aware of the inherent  risks of disasters that may affect their communities.   It directs the President, or FEMA, to maintain a publicly available  risk assessment program that shows what hazards pose the most threat to  communities. It also directs the President, or FEMA, to provide  financial or technical assistance to communities in designated  community disaster resilience zones.   Establishing these zones will help communities, States, and the  private sector better plan investments in mitigation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the  time remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time for closing.   My colleague, the chair of the subcommittee I have been blessed to  serve on as ranking member, the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure, I thank her for working with us in a bipartisan way to  move this bill forward.   Disaster resiliency matters in a district like mine that encompasses  the Illinois and Mississippi River Basin. We see disasters on a regular  basis. In fact, when I got to this institution 10 years ago, one of the  first votes I had to make was on funding Superstorm Sandy relief. I  remember saying the first time that I had a chance to talk about  disaster assistance, as a brand new freshman, my comments were if the  Federal Government should do something right, it is helping communities  recover from disasters that they had no control over.   This is another good bipartisan step to making sure that happens in  communities all across this Nation, from Montana to Washington, D.C.,  to Illinois and elsewhere.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this fine piece of legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   I also rise in support of S. 3499, which amends the Post-Katrina  Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006. This bill repeals outdated  Department of Homeland Security contracting requirements that set a  limit of 65 percent for subcontracting costs.   The National Defense Authorization Act of 2009 established a  subcontracting cost limit at 70 percent. Unfortunately, these  conflicting limits have just created confusion for contractors in  emergency response and recovery efforts since then.   Repealing this obsolete provision will make subcontracting cost  limits consistent with the rest of the Federal contracting regime.   Mr. Speaker, I remind you that these are not issues that are going to  make the 24-hour news cycle, but it is fixing broken pieces of the  bureaucracy right here in this institution that can actually help  communities recover faster.   If we don't address issues that aren't newsworthy according to the  media experts, then we waste taxpayer dollars, we don't help  communities recover, and we don't make government work for the people.  I am proud to stand here and say I am a conservative when it comes to  fixing government bureaucracy, and this is one of those fixes that we  are putting forth today, in conjunction with the other side, in  conjunction with the Senate.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, again, this fixes the Federal bureaucracy  that was broken back post-Katrina. I was a congressional staffer in  2005 when we all watched in horror what happened to Louisiana and the  Gulf Coast because of that tragic storm.   Provisions that were put in place post-Katrina in 2006, during the  Bush presidency and into the Obama administration in 2009, long before  I ever got here to the House floor, we are now fixing the  inconsistencies, making government work for the people, and making  government work for every single American who is going to be affected  by a future disaster. That is everywhere. That is Montana, that is  Illinois, and that is D.C. Every single place in the United States and  our territories will be impacted positively by this consistent change  to the bureaucracy through the procurement process that needed to be  done years ago and is going to be done today because of the leadership  of our Senate sponsors and also the leaders on the Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure and my colleague, Ms. Norton.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this piece of legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   