 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the fiscal year  2023 National Defense Authorization Act.   As the ranking member of the Committee on Strategic Forces, I am  particularly proud of the work put forward by this subcommittee led by  Chairman   Jim Cooper. I will miss working with my good friend from  Tennessee.   Among the many excellent provisions put forward by the Committee on  Strategic Forces is one I am very pleased with that directs the  establishment and funding of a National Hypersonic Initiative to bring  an all-of-government approach to catching up to China and Russia in  hypersonics.   The Subcommittee on Strategic Forces mark also directed an asymmetric  hypersonic defeat strategy and provides additional funds for directed  energy technologies to defeat these hypersonic threats. The bill also  provides funds to complete a 16th Patriot Battalion, accelerates the  Guam defense system, and seeks to reinvigorate an East Coast missile  defense site.   I am particularly proud that Chairman Cooper and I were able to find  compromise and fund the nuclear sea launched cruise missile. I  understand that our Senate counterparts, Senators King and Fischer, did  so as well, and I look forward to reconciling our provisions in  conference to continue research and development of this critical  capability. I think that the four of us are proving that funding a  safe, secure, reliable, and modern nuclear deterrent need not be a  partisan exercise.   We also have made valuable progress in the space domain, including  requiring the Department of Defense to make publicly available a  strategy to defend and protect our on-orbit satellites. I am also glad  to be directing the Space Force to establish requirements for defense  and resilience of space systems, as China and Russia become more  aggressive in space.   In a bill this size, Mr. Speaker, with more amendments offered than  any other single bill in the history of Congress, a person can always  find something to disagree with. But if you truly value and support our  Nation's defense, and if you truly understand the threats we face, you  will look at all the major advances this bill makes for our security  and you will support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the Member for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment  would require American taxpayers to provide money to an organization  for a treaty the United States is not even a party to. This is  completely unnecessary.   It has been the bipartisan policy of the United States since the  nineties to not conduct a nuclear weapons test. If brought into force,  the CTBT would codify this norm already adhered to by the United  States. However, the treaty was already rejected by the U.S. Senate as  its adoption would undermine the future strength of our deterrent,  would not halt proliferation, is not verifiable, and doesn't even  define the term ``nuclear explosion.'' So the Senate on a bipartisan  basis has already rejected this treaty.   This amendment does not make the world safer.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment to  prevent sending millions of American taxpayer dollars to an  international organization that has the purpose of bringing into force  a treaty that has already been rejected by the United States Senate.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment. It is premised on an extremely false assertion that the  Minuteman ICBMs can be safely extended, and this is simply not true.   The commander of U.S. Strategic Command, Admiral Richard, has said:  ``Let me be very clear. You cannot extend the Minuteman III any  longer.''   Between disappearing sources for parts and the overall decay of the  60-year-old Minuteman system, there is no room for error and for delay  in extending anymore. The engineering designs for the Minuteman either  don't exist or are six generations behind technologically from where we  are today.   In recent reliability flight tests, the Minuteman III has not proven  to be reliable. In 2021, the Air Force aborted a flight test before it  even initiated because the missile unexpectedly turned itself off. In  2018, the Air Force destroyed an unarmed Minuteman III in the middle of  the flight test over the Pacific because of a problem; and in 2011, the  Air Force destroyed an unarmed Minuteman III just after test launch due  to a malfunction. Mr. Speaker, this is what you would expect from an  old and extremely unreliable system, and it is getting worse that way  every year.   So I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment that would  recklessly bet on an old system at the expense of a modern system that  we urgently need for our continued deterrence.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   This could allow for the reduction of fielded or deployed ground- based nuclear missiles.   As Russia continues its invasion of Ukraine, and China engages in an  ongoing, massive nuclear buildup, this is arguably the worst time to  consider a weakening of our deterrence.   Keeping section 1636 in the bill maintains our deterrence in the face  of escalating nuclear threats to our country, our allies, and our  partners.   This amendment is even out of line with the Biden administration's  Nuclear Posture Review and its emphasis on deterring nuclear attack.  This would mark the beginning of a slippery slope toward unilaterally  reducing our nuclear arsenal and weakening the state of our nuclear  deterrence.   Congress and the Biden administration alike have rejected this  concept. When it comes to our ground-based systems in particular, our  deterrence is enhanced because Russia and China must consider these  responsive capabilities we have as they posture their nuclear forces.  Having our ground-based systems at the ready thus deters nuclear  escalation and is stabilizing.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ``no'' on this amendment.   