 Madam President, the Senate will soon vote on the  nomination of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to be Associate Justice of  the Supreme Court. I will vote against her nomination.   Judge Jackson may be a fine woman, but she is a dangerous judge. She  built her career as a far-left activist, and it didn't change when she  put on a robe 10 years ago. She personifies activism from the bench.  She has crusaded to undermine criminal sentences, and she cannot be  trusted to interpret the law or the Constitution as written.   Judge Jackson's record makes clear that her brief stint as a criminal  defense attorney wasn't motivated merely by a devotion to equal  representation of all. It was part of a deep commitment to leniency for  criminals. Indeed, she has continued to act as a de facto lawyer for  criminals from behind the bench as she did from in front of it.   Judge Jackson's average sentences for criminals are 34 percent  lighter than the national average for criminal cases and 25 percent  lighter than her own court's average, the DC District Court.   Disturbingly, some of the most sensational examples of her soft-on- crime attitudes are cases involving child pornographers. She has given  more lenient sentences than recommended by the sentencing guidelines in  every single child pornography case where the law allowed it--every  single one, every time. Individuals sentenced by Judge Jackson for  child pornography possession receive, on average, 57 percent lighter  sentences compared to the national average. For child pornography  distribution, the sentence is 47 percent lighter than the national  average.   These aren't just numbers. These are predators, and they go on to  commit more of the most heinous crimes imaginable because Judge Jackson  lets them off so easy. In one case, Judge Jackson gave child  pornographer Wesley Hawkins just 3 months--3 months--in prison when the  sentencing guidelines recommended 8 to 10 years--3 months versus a  recommended 8 to 10 years. Judge Jackson even gave him a sentence that  was one-sixth as long as what her own probation office recommended. And  a few years later, when Hawkins should have still been in prison for  his original offense, he did something else that got him 6 more months  in custody. That is twice as long as his original sentence.   When all 11 Republicans on the Judiciary Committee sent a letter  asking for details of what happened to justify this new sentence, Judge  Jackson refused to provide any further information--so much, I guess,  for looking at her record, as she urged us to do.   Her leniency isn't limited to child pornographers, either. In 2017,  Judge  [[Page S1958]]  Jackson apologized--she apologized--to a fentanyl kingpin--his own  words: kingpin--because she couldn't find a way to sidestep the law to  give him less than the mandatory minimum sentence. She was very sorry  that she had to give him such a long sentence.   But I guess, where there is a will, there is a way. A few years ago,  she found a way to resentence this self-described kingpin below the  mandatory minimum sentence. Through a completely made-up  reinterpretation, Judge Jackson made the First Step Act retroactive for  this fentanyl kingpin, something Congress had explicitly tried to avoid  when it passed the law. This was judicial activism, plain and simple.   In her testimony, Judge Jackson claimed that there were no victims in  that case. She is wrong. Fentanyl trafficking is not a victimless  crime, and anyone who doesn't understand that doesn't belong on the  Supreme Court.   In another case, Judge Jackson granted compassionate release-- compassionate release--to a man who brutally murdered a deputy U.S.  marshal on the steps of a church at a funeral. While in prison, this  cop killer threatened prison staff and was caught in possession of a  dangerous weapon--not exactly a model inmate. He was repeatedly denied  parole. Yet Judge Jackson granted him compassionate release because he  had high blood pressure.   In yet another case, a career criminal assaulted a deputy U.S.  marshal with a deadly weapon while resisting arrest. This was the third  time that this criminal had assaulted law enforcement officers--the  very officers who risk their lives to keep judges like Judge Jackson  safe.   Judge Jackson didn't just sentence him below the government's request  or the sentencing guideline range. She gave the criminal less time than  even the criminal himself had advocated. You can't make this stuff up.   In 2013, a sex offender who had repeatedly raped his 13-year-old  niece was arrested for falsifying sex offender registration records to  avoid telling the government where he was living and that he was  working at a daycare. The government sought a 2-year prison sentence,  but Judge Jackson gave him just 1 year instead. And during that second  year, when he would have been in prison, he tried to rape again and  then bribed the victim with $2,500 to recant her testimony. This  dangerous sex offender was convicted of obstructing justice, yet when  presented with a do-over, Judge Jackson sentenced him to just 24 months  in prison for those violations. I wish I could say this was to her  credit because, to be fair, 24 months was the sentence recommended by  the government. But she ensured in her order that this sentence would  run concurrently with his sentence in local DC jail so he only ended up  serving 1 year instead of 2.    Judge Jackson habitually sympathizes with criminals over victims.  These are just a few of the many outrageous cases in Judge Jackson's  record. The takeaway is crystal clear: If you are a criminal, you would  be lucky to have your case assigned to Judge Jackson. If you are a  victim or anyone else seeking justice, you should hope that your case  is assigned to literally any other judge. As a trial judge, though,  Judge Jackson could only help one criminal at a time. As a Supreme  Court Justice, she would be able to benefit criminals nationwide, in  all cases.   Judge Jackson's far-left activism extends beyond crime, as well. Not  only did she engage in what the Sixth Circuit called an ``end run  around Congress'' to retroactively reduce the sentence of the fentanyl  kingpin I mentioned earlier, she also worked hard to strike down a  Trump administration order expediting the removal of illegal aliens on  equally specious legal grounds.   The law passed by Congress granted the Department of Homeland  Security ``sole and unreviewable'' discretion--``sole and  unreviewable'' discretion--to decide which illegal aliens should be  subject to expedited removal. Nonetheless, Judge Jackson inserted  herself to strike down what she called ``a terrible policy'' by the  Department of Homeland Security. Well, I regret to inform Judge Jackson  that it is not her role in our system to decide whether immigration  policy is good, bad, terrible, or any other adjective she wants to use,  only whether it is lawful and authorized by law.   And, of course, the DC Circuit Court, which is not exactly a hotbed  of conservative jurists, agreed and reversed Judge Jackson's decision  noting that there ``could hardly be a more definitive expression of  congressional intent'' than the language in that law that she  disregarded. But Judge Jackson didn't care. She had an anti-Trump op-ed  she wanted to write in the form of a judicial opinion.   Judge Jackson has also shown real interest in helping terrorists. It  is true you shouldn't judge a lawyer for being willing to take on an  unpopular case, but you can certainly learn something about a lawyer  whose cases they seek out. And for Judge Jackson and her friends in the  liberal legal profession, these cases were not unpopular at all. Judge  Jackson represented four terrorists as a public defender, one of whom  she continued to represent in private practice voluntarily, and she  voluntarily filed multiple friend-of-the-court briefs on behalf of  terrorists while in private practice.   To make matters worse, she apparently didn't even bother--when she  was representing these terrorists, she didn't bother to establish a  reasonable belief that what she filed with the court was factually  true. Three of her four case filings were identical--word for word,  comma for comma. She alleged identical facts and legal arguments in  each case. The only differences between the briefs were the names and  the case numbers. And in every one of those cases, she claimed the  terrorists had never had any affiliation with the Taliban or al-Qaida.  And in every one of those cases, she accused the Bush administration  and American soldiers of war crimes.   And who are these supposed innocent victims of American war crimes  who, according to Judge Jackson, had nothing at all to do with  terrorism, no siree, nothing at all? One of her clients designed the  prototype shoe bomb that was used in an unsuccessful attempt to blow up  a passenger airplane. Another planned and executed a rocket attack on  U.S. forces in Afghanistan. And a third was arrested in a raid on an  al-Qaida explosives training camp. Yet in every case, she claimed that  none of them had anything to do with terrorism--not a thing, totally  innocent, just goatherders who were picked up by marauding American  troops.   You know, the last Judge Jackson left the Supreme Court to go to  Nuremburg and prosecute the case against the Nazis. This Judge Jackson  might have gone there to defend them.   Judge Jackson also refused to answer one commonsense question after  another. For example, when Senator Blackburn asked her what a ``woman''  is, she pretended not to know. I asked her who has more of a right to  be in the United States, new citizens who follow the rules or illegal  aliens whose very first act in the United States was to break our laws.  Judge Jackson refused to answer.   When I asked the simple question of Judge Jackson whether releasing  Guantanamo Bay terrorists would make us more safe or less safe, she  again pretended not to know the answer, even though it is published by  the Biden administration.   I also asked Judge Jackson if criminals were more or less likely to  commit a crime if they knew they would be caught, convicted, and  sentenced. I asked this pretty basic question at least three times. It  was not a hard question; yet, again, she refused to answer.   Judge Jackson also refused to say whether packing the Supreme Court  was a bad idea, even though the judge for whom she clerked and seeks to  replace, Justice Breyer, and the late, sainted Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg--neither of whom are known for their conservative views--were  both willing to publicly denounce such court-packing schemes by the  Democrats.   Judge Jackson may feign ignorance, not because she doesn't know these  answers, but because liberal judicial philosophy is all too often based  on denying reality. As a judge, Judge Jackson has denied that reality  again and again. Judge Jackson will coddle criminals and terrorists,  and she will twist or ignore the law to reach the result that she  wants. That is not what we need in a Supreme Court Justice, and that is  why I will be voting against her nomination.  [[Page S1959]]    I yield the floor.   