 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, let me first say, God bless the United States Supreme  Court. And God bless President Trump for the people he selected for our  highest court. Today's decision is a win for the Constitution and a win  for the sanctity of human life. June 24, 2022, a date that will be  remembered as a win for the sacredness of human life.   Now this bill. Mr. Speaker, the rights spelled out in the First  Amendment and protected by the Second Amendment are why the United  States is different than every other country. It is why we are special.  It is why we are the greatest Nation in history.   For 18 months, the Democrats have attacked our First Amendment  liberties. Today, they are coming after our Second Amendment liberties.  And who knows what it will be tomorrow. I can only imagine.   My guess is, in light of the decision yesterday from Justice Thomas,  the decision today from the Court, my guess is they are going to look  to pack the Court. The Democrat chair of the Committee on the Judiciary  has already introduced legislation to pack the Court.   It might be amnesty for the 2 million illegal immigrants who have  come into our country in the Biden administration. They told us they  want to end the electoral college and the filibuster--and who knows  what it will be tomorrow. But today, they are coming after law-abiding  American citizens' Second Amendment liberties.   Understand what this legislation does. This legislation tells States:  Someone who doesn't like you can report you to law enforcement or to a  judge. There will be a hearing, a hearing where you can't be at, your  lawyer can't be at, you can't confront your accuser. You didn't commit  any crime, but they can take your property. They can take your guns.  They can take away your Second Amendment rights. And then you have to  petition to have a subsequent hearing where you get them back. That is  what this legislation does.   And understand this, and this is so important. This is not being done  in a vacuum. Understand what we have seen from the left and how they  have weaponized a government against their political enemies.   Mr. Speaker, 12 years ago, it was the IRS targeting conservatives.   Mr. Speaker, 6 years ago, it was the FBI spying on President Trump's  campaign.   More recently, it was the Department of Justice using  counterterrorism measures against moms and dads.   Just a few weeks ago, the Department of Homeland Security set up the  Disinformation Governance Board; going to chill everyone's speech.  Today, they are coming after your Second Amendment liberties.   Here is the good news: Yesterday, the Supreme Court got it right.  They got it right when it came to the Second Amendment. We should  celebrate that. I hope that this bill doesn't pass. It seems like it is  going to, but I hope it doesn't.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I will tell you what saves lives. The  decision we got from the Supreme Court today saves lives. This bill  takes rights away from law-abiding citizens, their Second Amendment  liberties. That is the key distinction.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to my friend, the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald).    We sure aren't the same, Mr. Speaker. We actually think  you should protect the sanctity of human life, and we so appreciate the  decision from the Court today. We don't think you should take away  rights from law-abiding American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Tiffany).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Buck).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Bishop), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to my friend, the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie), the co-chair of the Second Amendment Caucus.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, experience has taught me when you have to  say a bill is constitutional, it is probably not. When you have to say  a bill adheres to due process, it probably doesn't. And this bill  certainly doesn't.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge a ``no'' vote on this legislation.   Proponents say that this bill doesn't violate due process. Nothing  could be further from the truth.   You haven't been charged with a crime, but there is a hearing, a  hearing that you are not allowed to be at. You can't be present at a  hearing where you don't have a lawyer and a hearing where a judge can  take your property.   Again, just to underscore this, you haven't been charged with a  crime, but there is a hearing where your property and your rights are  at stake.   You are not allowed to be there; your lawyer is not allowed to be  there; and you can't confront your accuser. But they can take your gun;  they can take your property; and they can take your Second Amendment  liberty.   Here is the scariest part of all: As my friend from Kentucky just  pointed out, the Democrats say this is just the first step, that this  doesn't go far enough. Holy cow. So that kind of proceeding doesn't go  far enough when it comes to your Second Amendment liberties?   One of the key things that separates this great Nation from all other  countries is how we have due process in our justice system. This bill  takes it away. No other way to put it.   You can say all day long that it doesn't violate due process, but as  I said just a few minutes ago, every time I hear that, experience has  taught me that it most certainly does. When you have to say it, it  probably does. In this case, it is certainly violating due process.  There are other problems, but for that reason alone, we should vote  ``no.''   Again, the scariest thing of all is that they are saying: ``Oh, this  is just the first step. This doesn't go far enough.'' Imagine where  they want to take us.   Their beef is with the Second Amendment. They want it to go away.  Don't let it happen. I urge a ``no'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   