 Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss the misguided  priorities of this Chamber.   At a time when Americans are facing extreme hardship--grappling with  the highest rates of inflation in more than 40 years; $5 per gallon, at  least, gas; workforce and food shortages; and unprecedented crime and  illegal border crossings--House Democrats continue to ignore urgent  matters and, instead, engage in deflection.   For example, the majority scheduled three irrelevant bills for  consideration on the House floor.   The first allocated $1.3 billion in annual mandatory spending, Madam  Speaker, for a new regulatory agency to protect endangered species.  This is the type of tone-deaf policy proposals that show Democrats are  out of touch with the American people, unfortunately.   The second bill brought up for consideration targets the Federal  Reserve at a crucial time. The Federal Reserve is supposed to be an  independent, nonpolitical, agency tasked with managing our Nation's  monetary policy, yet House Democrats want to divert the Fed's attention  away from addressing an impending recession and instead impose its woke  agenda. Out of touch, Madam Speaker.   This truly defies common sense, in my opinion. Inflation hurts all  Americans, regardless of race, and turning the Federal Reserve into a  social justice warrior will only serve to compound the hurt for  everyone, unfortunately, Madam Speaker.   The third measure brought to the floor this week is more deflection.  In essence, it adds more costs to U.S. producers. That is no way to do  it. This will only serve to increase the cost of doing business. Those  increased costs will get passed along to the consumer, like you and me.   Another attempted distraction is the sham January 6 hearings hosted  during prime-time TV in a gross display of partisan gamesmanship. These  are not fact checking.   It is no secret I voted against the creation of this panel. It was  clear from the onset that Democrat leaders had no interest in an open  and unbiased review of what occurred that day when they denied all  Republican-named nominees to the panel.   Any doubt that this would be anything more than a bogus, made-for-TV  drama was put to rest when footage surfaced that the committee was  relying on teleprompters, and when ratings weren't good, they canceled  or postponed hearings. My goodness.   Madam Speaker, I will not be distracted from the real problems facing  American families. I will keep fighting to do the right thing by my  constituents. If House Democrats had any sense of urgency, they would  put aside the political charade and join me and my Republican  colleagues to get the hard stuff done.   Time is of the essence. The American people cannot wait any longer.   