 Madam President, I have had the privilege to know and to  work with many distinguished leaders in Kansas and across the country  over the years, and today, I would like to recognize one of those  individuals, Richard Felts. Rich currently serves our State as  president of the Kansas Farm Bureau, a position he has held since 2014.   Next month, Rich will step down from this role. He will be greatly  missed, as he has always been a champion for agriculture and for  preserving the rural way of life we so care about in our great State.   For the past 8 years, Rich has advocated for Kansas farmers and  ranchers, bringing their challenges here to me and the rest of the  congressional delegation and fighting for policies that support farmers  and ranchers who support agriculture in our State and cross the United  States.   His passion for serving the agriculture community comes from his  upbringing in smalltown Kansas and the lessons he learned from his  parents who farmed before him.   Rich has dedicated his life to serving Kansans, and throughout the  years, I have always known him to be an example of true servant  leadership and dedication to improving the State he loves. Rich's calm  guidance and heart for others have been especially felt when disasters  strike Kansas farmers and ranchers. When wildfires, floods, and drought  plagued our State, he could always be counted on to be a consistent and  steady voice of advice and empathy for those suffering.   When the COVID-19 pandemic caused devastating supply chain issues for  our agriculture community and when they faced challenges and economic  fallout from international trade wars, Rich remained a reassuring and  inspiring example of leadership. At each of these points, I knew I  could rely upon Rich's advice and counsel when responding to the  challenges facing our farmers and ranchers and the communities they  live in.   His insight will be sorely missed; although, I doubt that we will not  rely upon him in the future, despite his retirement as President of  Kansas Farm Bureau. We will still be calling upon him for that advice.   Before he became President of Kansas Farm Bureau, Rich served as vice  president on the board of directors of the farm bureau. Throughout his  life, he has served on the county farm bureau board as a county 4-H  leader, on Montgomery and Kansas State Extension Council, as chairman  of Southeast Kansas Grain, and as chairman of the Farm Bureau Mutual  Holding Company and subsidiary insurance service companies.   Rich embodies the traits we hope to instill in our children and  grandchildren: a heart for service, selfless desire to invest in  others, deep love for one's State and country, and passion for making  the world a better place. He passed these lessons on to his own  daughter, who grew up with a passion for helping others and who  followed in his footsteps by serving as the president of the local  Montgomery County Farm Bureau.   Fittingly, Rich, a Montgomery County farmer, plans to return to his  farm after his time with Kansas Farm Bureau. For Rich and his wife  Shirley, farming is a way of life. Rich's position requires much time  away from home, and his wife Shirley and four children--Cynthia,  Darren, Ryan, and Kimberly--have sacrificed much and supported him  greatly through the years. To each of them, I say thank you.   Rich Felts is a true leader, and I have been honored to work with him  over the years to make certain our State remains a place where all can  pursue the American dream. I would like to ask my colleagues in the  U.S. Senate to join me in recognizing Rich for his dedication to  agriculture and his service to the Kansas Farm Bureau and our entire  State. I congratulate him on his retirement, and I wish him and his  family the very best in the future.   Rich, thank you.   