 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer this amendment. In the fiscal year 2020  NDAA, I first requested a study from the Department of Defense on how  the Department can best screen and prevent extremists from enlisting in  our military using existing FBI and DOJ resources.   The resulting report, published in October of 2020, found that white  nationalists and domestic extremists target servicemembers as ``prized  recruits,'' their words, for their groups, and shared accounts of  servicemembers with active ties to these organizations.   The report also included a list of seven recommendations on steps the  Department can take to prevent domestic extremists from enlisting in  the military.   Under the leadership of Secretary Austin, the Department has taken  additional steps to combat extremism in the military. This included a  60-day stand-down and the creation of the Countering Extremist Activity  Working Group to better understand the threat and offer six additional  recommendations.   My amendment supports the Department's efforts to counter domestic  extremism. It simply requests a formal update from the Department on  the steps it has taken to complete the recommendations from the October  2020 report, and it directs the Department to complete the  recommendations from the December 2021 report within 6 months of  enactment of this bill.   This bill does not impose new requirements on the Department but  ensures Congressional oversight of tackling the critical issue for our  national security.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   Mr. Speaker, this bill does not impose new regulations. These are  existing tools that the FBI and the DOD already use.   What this bill seeks to do--this is about protecting the integrity of  our Armed Forces and making sure that extremists don't become enlisted  individuals.   This is about protecting the service. I appreciate the ranking  member's comments, but this is about ensuring accountability. This is  about ensuring congressional oversight, ensuring that we protect and  prepare the individuals who are entrusted to serve this country.   As a coequal branch, it is important for Congress to remain informed  on the Department's actions, and this is not a unique step to conduct  this type of oversight.   Mr. Speaker, I would urge an ``aye'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   