 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is an opportunity for me to remind  our colleagues of the value of Senator Johnny Isakson. I particularly  want to speak this afternoon about his work in regard to our Nation's  veterans.   When Senator Isakson retired, resigned from the U.S. Senate, I  replaced him as the chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans'  Affairs, but I served the entire time he was the chairman. In fact, I  have served the entire time I have been in the Senate and the entire  time I have been in the House. And Senator Isakson and Congressman  Isakson and I served together in both bodies.   I want to highlight for my colleagues and for Americans--and  particularly the veterans across the country--that they had an advocate  in Senator Johnny Isakson for them, for our Nation's veterans. He  knew--he knew--the debt we owe to our veterans and kept that at the  forefront of his mind and his heart as he led the Senate Committee on  Veterans' Affairs.   His service as chairman was motivated by the stories of veterans who  had touched his own life. Senator Isakson regularly spoke about two  veterans--two veterans who shaped his approach as chairman: his college  friend Jackson Elliott Cox III and Georgia native Noah Harris.   Jackson Cox volunteered to serve in the Marines in Vietnam and was  killed by a sniper a month before he was scheduled to return home. Noah  Harris had volunteered to serve in the Army after 9/11 and was killed  while serving in Iraq. Both men volunteered to serve their country in  the military during times of war, and both men gave their lives in that  service.   Senator Isakson was compelled by their service to remember and speak  about the men and women who gave their lives to defend our Nation and  believed that we must also remember and honor those who made it home.   Senator Isakson was involved in a number of legislative successes  that improved how our Nation serves its veterans after they leave the  military, and I want to highlight four of those pieces of legislation.   First, the Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower  Protection Act finally gave the VA the tools it needed to hold  officials accountable following several scandals at the Department and  set the expectation that the VA would maintain a high-performance  workforce to serve our veterans.   Second, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of  2017 modernized the archaic benefits claims process at the VA and  allowed VA to reduce its appeal backlog from nearly half a million  appeals down to around 100,000. Veterans now have choices as to how  they appeal benefits decisions and can receive timely decisions rather  than waiting and waiting and waiting.   Third, the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Education Assistance Act of  2017, which is known as the Forever GI Bill, revolutionized veterans'  education benefits by eliminating the 15-year window after service  during which a veteran could use those benefits. It also invested in  STEM education, IT and technology certification programs, and benefits  for surviving families of veterans.   Finally, the VA MISSION Act is legislation I am proud to have  championed alongside Senator Isakson. He knew that temporary programs  put in place to address the Phoenix wait time scandal needed to be  consolidated with existing options for care outside the VA, and I was  honored to help him and the rest of Congress see the MISSION Act signed  into law to give veterans clear choices on getting the care that best  serves their needs.   Senator Isakson also felt a strong connection to veterans of the  ``greatest generation'' who saved the world in World War II. On a visit  in Europe, Senator Isakson came across the grave of Roy C. Irwin, who  was killed in the Battle of the Bulge on the very same day that Senator  Isakson was born in Georgia. He spoke regularly about the perspective  that visit gave him and how he thought about what Roy Irwin and so many  others who served had done for him and for all of us.   In his last year as chairman, Senator Isakson led a Senate delegation  to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-day in Normandy, France.  Despite the challenges his health may have posed for such a trip, he  knew the importance of showing our World War II veterans and, in fact,  the entire world that we remember their sacrifices and that as a  nation, we honor the service of that generation and the example they  set for generations to come.   Senator Isakson did not just remember the sacrifices of our veterans;  he acted whenever he could to see to it that the benefits and services  their country offered were delivered in the manner they deserved.   Before Army 1LT Noah Harris was killed in 2005, he and Senator  Isakson exchanged letters, and Senator Isakson noted how Noah would  always sign his letters ``IDWIC,'' which stood for ``I do what I can.''   Similarly, Senator Isakson sought to get to yes on solutions instead  of just focusing on problems or Senate differences or people's  differences. He always worked to do everything he could when someone  needed help, and his service to veterans will shine as an example for  others--for us--to emulate. We will remember Senator Isakson and the  impact he had on our Nation's veterans, and that will be remembered for  generations.   Senator Isakson served 6 years in the House and 14 years in the  Senate. He died December 19 at age 76. Over two decades of service and  certainly over two decades of service to America's veterans.   I want to extend my condolences to Senator Isakson's wife Dianne and  his children, Julie, Kevin, and John.   Please know that we are thinking of you all and are praying for you  during this challenging and difficult time.   May God bless that family, and may Johnny Isakson rest in peace.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   