 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now, earlier this morning, the Senate  Democratic caucus held elections to determine party leadership for the  118th Congress. With gratitude and humility, I am happy to say I have  been unanimously elected, once again, as the Democratic leader.   I want to thank every Member of my caucus for entrusting me with this  awesome responsibility. My admiration and affection for every Member of  my caucus is really limitless. They are my friends, my compadres, my  companions. We work together. We are an amazing unit. With only 50  votes ranging, of course, from Joe Manchin to Bernie Sanders, we have  compiled one of the greatest legislative sessions in this century and  even the last one in what we have done. And next year we will continue  to try to do great things for our country in the next 2 years.   I also wish to congratulate and thank my colleagues who form our  caucus's leadership, especially Senator Schatz for becoming its newest  member. I also want to thank Senator Murray for her incredible work as  assistant Democratic leader in the 117th Congress and congratulate her  on becoming President pro tem-designate, succeeding Senator Leahy, who  will soon retire.   I also wish to thank my staff. They are the greatest. They are just  the greatest. They have advised me and guided me over the last 2 years  and helped me prepare for the Congress to come.   I would not want to go through a 50-50 Senate with anyone but them.  They are remarkable, hard-working, brilliant, and just fine human  beings, as well, who really care. It has been such a privilege, honor,  and joy to work with them. We must now look to the future. Our focus in  the Congress to come shall be no different from our focus in the  Congress that concludes: getting things done for the American people.   We want to keep this Chamber active, alive, and busy, as much as  possible. I make a clarion call to my Republican colleagues: reject  MAGA and work with us in the years to come. We have made huge strides  this Congress, and I hope we can build on that because the problems of  our country are many and run deep. When Americans saw us working on  real issues this year, they responded positively and trusted this  majority with 2 more years at the helm.   Now, it is clear that many on the other side of the aisle, our  Republican friends, are unhappy with the way their party has been doing  business. Some of the Republicans want to pull the party even more in a  MAGA direction. That is a recipe for disaster, for their party and the  country. But there are many others who know driving down the MAGA road  is like following Thelma and Louise off the cliff.    We very much want to work with that group that understands that we  have got to get things done in a bipartisan way and just railing and  shrieking and decrying with no solutions and pure anger ain't the way  to go, and it is not the way the American people want us to go.   So I urge my non-MAGA Republican colleagues to reject extremism,  reject MAGA, and embrace bipartisanship. Don't just block bills next  Congress for the sake of gridlock. Let us come to the table and find  ways to move forward together.   Our differences run deep. Our disagreements are frequent. But that  does not diminish the importance of working alongside one another when  necessary to improve the lives of the American people.   I have no doubt that if we give it a good-faith effort, we can be  very successful--successful beyond what anyone would think right now.   To the skeptics and the naysayers all I have to say, when you say we  can't do this, I say look at the record of the last 2 years. In a 50-50  Senate, both sides found ways to pass the most ambitious legislative  agenda, as I mentioned before, in a very long time--one of the most  ambitious in decades and decades.   We got infrastructure done. We reformed the post office. We  reauthorized VAWA. We ended forced arbitration for sexual harassment.  We passed anti-lynching legislation and helped our shipping supply  lanes. After the shootings in Buffalo and Uvalde, we defied the NRA and  passed the first major gun safety bill in over 30 years. Together we  approved the CHIPS and Science Act, passed the PACT Act, ratified the  accession of Finland and Sweden into NATO, and stood with our friends  in Ukraine. And a few weeks ago, we came together to pass the Respect  for Marriage Act, which the House is set to approve today.   Of course, when we do not agree, Democrats will go at it alone, as we  did for the Inflation Reduction Act. I know both parties fiercely  disagree on the role of the government in tackling these problems, such  as environment and prescription drug costs. But even  [[Page S7045]]  then I hope the other side would agree that lowering costs for seniors,  lowering energy costs for families, and finding ways to preserve the  planet are worthy causes that merit the attention of responsible  legislators.   So let me say it again: I urge my Republican colleagues who are tired  of MAGA, who know it is a formula for disaster, who know that it is,  while embraced fiercely by a small group of extremists, it is not where  the majority of Americans or even where the majority of Republicans  want to go.   We have been reminded again and again that the extreme MAGA agenda is  not only toxic but dangerous to our democracy. It condones and  sometimes lies right in bed with those who urge violence to hurt  America and destroy our democracy.   But, thank God, the American people have rejected that. If there is  any lesson to derive from the midterms, that is certainly one of them.  The American people don't like MAGA. They don't like hard-right  nastiness. They don't like threats to democracy.   Look, I know the other side will not rid itself of MAGA overnight.  And, unfortunately, some on the other side are hell-bent on doubling  down on MAGA, but for the sake of the country and for the sake of the  future of the Republican Party, we need to find ways to work together.   To borrow from a quote attributed to Sam Rayburn, anyone can kick a  barn down, but it takes a good carpenter to build one back up. He,  supposedly, used slightly more colorful language. I won't repeat that  here, but you get the point.   I hope that good carpenters exist on both sides because there is  still a lot of rebuilding to do across this country, and new building,  new frontiers to launch bravely toward. As majority leader, I will do  my best to find opportunities for both sides to work together.   So let us move forward together with fearlessness, with clarity of  purpose, and with a ceaseless hunger to reward the trust that Americans  have placed in all of us.   I thank my Democratic colleagues for the trust they have placed in  me. I congratulate every single member of the leadership, and now let's  roll up our sleeves and get back to work.   