 Madam Speaker, this last year has seen an  unprecedented wave of violence against law enforcement officers across  our country.   In particular, in my home State of California, 23 law enforcement  agents were shot in the line of duty last year. In my own district, the  Eighth District of California, one was unfortunately shot and killed by  gunfire. That was Sergeant Dominic Vaca of the San Bernardino County  Sheriff's Department.   Congress needs to work to support and improve our law enforcement  agencies, not to defund or dismantle them.   I am committed to protecting our law enforcement agencies and to  defending the rule of law across our country and their efforts to keep  our community safe.   Madam Speaker, last year, I was proud to host a dinner in honor of 15  of California's Eighth's first responder community who went above and  beyond the call of duty last year to serve and protect our community.   Amongst our honorees were San Bernardino County Deputy Sheriff Dustin  Whitson, who was shot in the line of duty while responding to a call at  a storage facility in Hesperia; California Highway Patrol Inland  Division Officer Garret Morris, who helps run an after-school racing  team to provide community support and a safe alternative to illegal  street racing for kids in our community; San Bernardino County Deputy  Sheriff Tiffany Kautz, who was instrumental in obtaining the arrest and  conviction of a man who was sexually abusing his own stepchildren; San  Bernardino County Probation Corrections Supervisor Gina Martinez, who  passed away last September after 21 years of ensuring that each youth  in her care obtained a diploma, employment, and a place that they could  call home and feel safe.   Madam Speaker, these law enforcement officers are examples of the  dedication our first responders show to our community every day, and  their stories are echoed by countless law enforcement personnel across  our country.   Madam Speaker, it is time that this Congress stands behind our law  enforcement officers and the rule of law.   Madam Speaker, I thank each of our law enforcement officers for their  dedication to our community.   