 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    All year, Senate Republicans have urged Democrats to  prioritize two basic governing duties, two tasks that are essential to  keeping America safe, keeping us on track to remain the world's  superpower, and doing right by our men and women in uniform.   No. 1 is the annual Defense bill, where we authorize the investments,  tools, and training that our commanders, leaders, and servicemembers  need.   No. 2 is passing government funding, where we back up the NDAA's  ambitions with the actual dollars and cents that turn plans into  reality.   Bipartisan negotiators are still working on the second item. I hope  they are able to produce text of a bipartisan government funding bill  that can pass the Senate before our hard deadline next Thursday.  Otherwise, I will support pivoting next week to a short-term continuing  resolution into the new year.   But I am glad that, in the very near future, the Senate will finally  fulfill the first key duty and pass a strong NDAA named for our  retiring ranking member, Senator Inhofe.   I have spent all week discussing ways this legislation will help our  Armed Forces and national security professionals, safeguard our  homeland, bolster our partnerships, and keep adversaries like Russia on  their back feet. Today, I want to focus on what most Senators agree is  the single greatest medium-term and long-term national security  challenge that our Nation faces, and that is the Chinese Communist  Party.   The legislation we will pass today includes provisions to extend our  security assistance to Taiwan. It steps up our investments and  capabilities that are essentially crucial to operations in the Indo- Pacific, from space assets to naval mines.   It reprioritizes countering China's nuclear breakout by curbing the  Biden administration's naive efforts to retire critical elements of our  nuclear arsenal.   It tightens security on our cutting-edge research and bolsters sea- launch strategic deterrent capabilities.   And that is not all.   This strong bipartisan bill puts new weight behind our long-term  commitments to stand with both vulnerable countries in China's orbit  and vulnerable people actually within its own borders.   It will authorize a new Joint Force Headquarters right there in the  region and make sure that U.S. military installations are not  commercial destinations for goods that have been produced with Uighur  slave labor in the Xinjiang Province.   This bill will also help stiffen the spine of the liberal  entertainment industry that apparently lacks the courage to cross  Beijing without clearer incentives. This year's NDAA will prohibit the  use of U.S. military assets, like ships or bases, in movies where the  producers then turn around and allow Chinese censors to have final  signoff. If Hollywood wants to trample on American principles of free  expression in order to please the Communist Party, they won't get to  use our Armed Forces as props in the process.   Of course, stepping up our competition with China and limiting the  risks to America from the CCP does not mean walking away from the world  stage more broadly--quite the contrary. Checking the CCP will take a  coordinated effort with even stronger, deeper ties between the United  States and our like-minded friends and partners.   That means everything from basing access to joint exercises and  operations, to strengthening our own defense industrial base so that we  can continue to score win-wins, in both security and economic terms, by  selling our partners the defensive capabilities they need.   Protecting America and winning the future does not entail pulling up  our drawbridge, turning inward, and pretending the world will leave us  alone.   China is actively--actively--trying to undercut American interests  and partnerships everywhere from Asia itself to the Middle East, to  Africa and beyond.   This NDAA will strengthen our hand. It prioritizes crucial  partnerships in the Indo-Pacific. It adds New Zealand to the National  Technological Industrial Base. It expands our ability to share cyber  capabilities with operational partners, and it preserves vital security  cooperation efforts in the Middle East and invests in expanding  partnerships in Africa, South America, and beyond.   The NDAA is only a first step toward the investments, modernization,  and stronger strategies that we need to compete and to win against  rivals who don't wish us well. But it is a crucial first step.   Therefore, I encourage every Senator on both sides to support this  important legislation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, the Senate is often labeled as the  world's greatest deliberative body--a place where generations of  titanic statesmen have asked the deep questions about America,  questions like: How do we balance individual liberty with the common  good? What role should we play on the world stage? and ``How should tax  depreciation affect a small restaurant owner who is buying a new Fry-o- lator?''   Anyone around the Senate would recognize that last query as the work  of our detail-oriented, hometown-focused, economic whiz--the junior  Senator from Pennsylvania, Pat Toomey.   Pat's entire sterling career--from the private sector to the House,  to nonprofit activism, to the Senate--has revolved around the reality  that economics is central to daily life. What can seem like dry details  or esoteric issues can determine whether whole societies rise or fall  and whether hard-working families struggle or succeed. For two terms in  the Senate and almost two decades total in Congress, Pat's commanding  mastery of economic issues has had a massive, massive impact on his  State and his country.   Our friend takes particular pride, as he should, in his leading role  in delivering the generational tax reform of 2017. Most people involved  in that massive effort found it exhausting. Pat considered it  energizing. Our resident economist was actually in his element, and the  work he helped lead created one of the best economic moments for  working Americans in a generation, before the pandemic.   But tax reform is far from the only fruit of Pat's labors. From the  JOBS Act of 2012, which put financial markets more within the reach of  everyday investors, to the CARES Act, where Pat helped steer our  bedrock financial institutions through pandemic turmoil, we knew we  were getting a principled firebrand when our friend joined the Senate.   We have also gotten a collegial consensus-builder. Whether it was  Pat's work on the 2011 supercommittee or his tenure at the top of the  Banking Committee, Pat has blended principle, pragmatism, and  persuasion.   He is always professional and respectful to his colleagues, to  nominees--to everybody. He is unusually skilled at fighting the fight  and unusually skilled at getting an outcome.   Pat's life and career have brought him a long way, but you still see  the seeds that were planted by his father--a marine vet and utility  worker. There wasn't any legacy fast track into the Ivy League, but  thanks to a good upbringing, it was hard work and sheer brainpower that  paved our friend's Path to a prep school merit scholarship and then on  to Harvard.   Pat cut his professional teeth as a trader in New York and Hong  Kong--a free marketeer right from the start. But right as his Wall  Street opportunities were taking off, Pat hit pause on his big city  rise and put his economic instincts to an even higher stakes test: He  actually headed back to Allentown to set up a family business from  scratch. The small restaurant Pat and his brothers started was a  proving ground for Pat's deep convictions in the community-building,  life-changing power of free enterprise and entrepreneurship.   I understand Pat's first venture into elected office, a local  commission, was mostly just an effort to make sure bureaucrats didn't  meddle with the success of Rookies Restaurant and others like it.   The rest, of course, is history. Pat Toomey became a formidable  Congressman, then a pivotal outside player, and finally a masterful and  essential Senator. Pat has led the charge for his fellow Pennsylvanians  on one front after another.   In one instance, he responded to tragedy close to home with a  solution for the entire country. Heinous buck-passing on child abuse in  public schools, known as passing the trash, had let an offender who had  abused a child in Pennsylvania proceed to strike again in West  Virginia. With the help of the senior Senator from that State, Pat  spearheaded legislation that compels States to crack down on this  abhorrent practice.   Another time, through sheer willpower, Pat literally became a  lifesaving legislative guardian angel for a young Pennsylvanian  battling cystic fibrosis. Sarah Murnaghan was only 12 years old when  outdated and tangled rules around lung transplants put her young life  in serious peril. Pat rallied a coalition of Members. They relentlessly  lobbied the executive branch. A Federal judge weighed in, and, long  story short, that young lady got her transplant and is still with us  today.   Pat's creative problem-solving has known few bounds. The way I hear  it, one time, our colleague literally leveraged the America's Cup  sailboat race as a way to get a specialized transport ship reflagged so  that Pennsylvania's natural gas industry could keep moving useful  byproducts to market.   In the midst of all of this, Pat made sure his office's casework for  Pennsylvanians was just as superlative. His team's incredibly tight  turnaround for responding to constituents has earned Pat praise from  unlikely corners. I understand that, one time, former President Clinton  went out of his way to inform our colleague that a friend of his in the  Keystone State couldn't believe how quick and substantive was a reply  he or she had gotten from Senator Toomey's office.   While many Capitol Hill offices struggle just to turn around the  correspondence that comes in, I have it on good authority that Pat will  literally go combing through local newspapers' ``Letters to the  Editor'' so that he can proactively initiate contact with  Pennsylvanians who haven't even sought him out.   Even the most eager morning people on Pat's staff have learned to  expect the lights will already be on when they get to the office--their  boss, already primed with ideas and questions: ``I think we could come  at this a few different ways'' or ``Have you seen how German Government  bonds are trading today?''   But our colleague is also known for his thoughtful, almost fatherly  leadership style. Pat holds everyone to a high standard, especially  himself, but if something goes amiss, there is no quick temper, are no  harsh words--just a facial expression that his team affectionately  calls ``that `disappointed dad' look.'' And no matter what happens,  everyone is invited to the annual pool party at Pat's house.   Talk about an interesting Senate creature--a man with a brain formed  on the trading floor and a heart shaped by Lehigh Valley kitchen  tables.   Pat's true loves are family and free enterprise. This combination has  made him a formidable Senator, but it has  [[Page S7222]]  also shown us the writing on the wall: The Senate was never going to  keep our friend forever.   Pat is always careful to refer to his Senate service as the  ``greatest professional honor of my life.'' Note the caveat, because  everyone knows what Pat sees as the greatest honor overall. We have  seen our friend fiercely guard every possible moment of family normalcy  with Kris and their three kids. We have seen hours blocked off on Pat's  calendar on a weeknight under the label ``Duncan's Baseball Practice.''  We have heard about evening sprints to the train station in order to  make it to a Christmas pageant--only to see our friend right back here  the very next morning.   So like I said, Madam President, family and free enterprise--the two  great loves.   I heard a classic Pat Toomey story where a young intern in his office  was excitedly telling his friends about the prestigious ivory tower  Path that he was aspiring to. Apparently, his boss, the Senator, chimed  in with something to the effect of, Yeah, that sounds great, but have  you ever considered opening up a small business?   So while we are going to miss Pat around these parts, none of us can  claim surprise that family and free enterprise have teamed up to steal  him back.   Since we are talking about an all-star Senate dad, let me put it this  way: Pat, your colleagues and I aren't mad. We are just disappointed.   (Laughter.)   You have achieved so much. You have done just what you hoped to.   Congratulations, and thank you.   