 I reserve the right to object in regard to the Senator  from Kentucky's request.   Mr. President, first, let me just correct some of the statements that  were made. This bill went through the committee. It was voted on in the  committee. Amendments were offered in the committee. The Senator from  Kentucky was present during the markup in the committee. That is the  way legislation should be considered in this body.   We are talking about how the Senate can work the way it should? Let  the committees function. And that is exactly what we did in regard to  the legislation that is on the floor. It went through the regular  process. And the Senator's request is despite the fact that the  majority leader has said he will allow a vote on the floor and let the  Members of the Senate make the decision as to whether they agree or  disagree with the arguments made by the author of the amendment. That  is how a democracy should work. That is how the legislative process  should work.   So I am somewhat shocked that the Senator would object to the  majority leader's request that would allow the legislation to come to  the floor and let the Senate work its will by majority vote. That is  what the majority leader said.   Let me give you a little bit more history on this. The original  Magnitsky bill was originally attached to the PNTR for Russia, and it  was aimed solely at the tragic death of Sergei Magnitsky. We wanted to  hold those responsible for his death accountable. That is why the  language the Senator is referring to was included in the original act.  It was aimed at one episode and one set of abusers.   It became such a successful tool for diplomacy that, working with  Senator McCain, the two of us worked on making it a global bill so that  it would apply beyond just Russia and that we could use this to  advance American foreign policy.    And we worked--and quite frankly, we didn't have the enthusiastic  support of the administration because the Senator from Kentucky is  right: Administrations like to have their own authority; they don't  like Congress to intercede. And on the Magnitsky, we can make  recommendations as to who should be considered for sanctions. So it was  a major step forward, and we were able to pass Global Magnitsky.   In the meantime, President Trump worked with us on this. He was a  supporter of using this tool. And he passed an Executive order--signed  an Executive order, that included provisions that we asked him to  include in the Executive order because we recognized that corruption  was the fuel for Mr. Putin and Russia and authoritarian regimes. So we  wanted to make sure that we could include corruption. We wanted to make  sure that we could include the enablers--those who enabled these human  rights abusers to do what they do, and that was included in the  Executive order.   And we worked with the Trump administration. And we have worked with  the Biden administration. And we now have a workable standard. And  better than that, as a result of our leadership, we have gotten our  countries around the world to conform to our tool. The European Union  has passed Global Magnitsky. The UK has passed Global Magnitsky. Canada  has passed Global Magnitsky. Japan is considering it as we speak.   It is becoming the standard. So from a process point of view, what  was passed out of our committee, what was passed out of the House  committee, both authorizing committees have agreed on this language,  which has been signed off by Treasury so they know they can use it,  which has due process in it because we are dealing with property  rights.   So now let's get to the substance of what the gentleman's amendment  would do. The substance of it is that it would not allow us to do what  we need to do in regards to Mr. Putin and Russia as a result of his  invasion of Ukraine. And the sponsor of this amendment is very clear  what he is trying to do. He is trying to take back the current  authority under the Executive order and would, therefore, not even be  useful at all in regards to going after Mr. Putin.   We would be taking a step back. It was just a few days ago that  President Zelenskyy asked us to expand the individual sanctions, and  that is what is on the floor right now in the majority leader's  request, so we can expand it, we can give him the tools he needs, so  that we can respond and help the people of Ukraine. That is what is  involved here.   But with the amendment being offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,  we would be moving backwards. We would be doing just the opposite. It  would weaken where we are today. So I am really puzzled as to why we  can't trust the judgment of the Members of the Senate to make this  decision. Let's argue over the 2 hours that the majority leader will  give us to argue this point. I look forward to that argument on the  floor of the Senate. I already had that argument in our committee.  Because the two--the gentleman from Kentucky and I, along with the  Presiding Officer, served on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. We  had this argument in committee. And if I am correct, I believe, the  vote was all but one supporting my position.   So we have already had this debate where it should take place among  the experts. And the gentleman's not satisfied with that. I am at a  loss here because I know how important it is for us to move forward to  help the people of Ukraine.   Every day, we see the bodies on the ground. We see the horrific  action by Mr. Putin, and we really want to do everything we can to help  the people of Ukraine. The action the majority leader is asking us to  take will help the people of Ukraine. And as I understand it, one  Senator is going to deny us the opportunity to take a very positive  step, to stand up for democracy, and for standing up for the people of  Ukraine.   I object to the request.   