 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today to offer my amendment, No. 461, to reauthorize the  Delaware River Basin Restoration Program. This program was established  through the Delaware River Basin Conservation Act passed by Congress  bipartisanly in 2016.   This program provides invaluable support, through technical and grant  assistance, to projects in the Delaware River Basin.   One recipient among many of these grants is the Delaware River Basin  Commission, the interstate agency that coordinated efforts to protect  the Delaware River. This commission, which is made up of State  Governors as well as the commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers'  North Atlantic Division, has been a major player in protecting the  health and safety of over 7 million Americans spread over 13,000 square  miles since 1961.   The commission utilizes grants administered through the program for a  variety of projects, including protecting local fish habitats and  maintaining fish species populations in the Delaware River. These  projects serve both an environmental purpose to protect our local  wildlife but also our local industries reliant on access to a healthy  and safe waterway, and they indirectly support millions of dollars in  local economies.   Reauthorizing the Delaware River Basin Conservation Act allows the  U.S. Army Corps, as well as other interstate agencies, environmental  nonprofits, and local governments, to fund the necessary environmental  protection and conservation efforts needed to keep our citizens safe  and healthy.   In my home city of Philadelphia, the Delaware Watershed Conservation  Fund was providing funds to multiple agencies to install green  stormwater controls, restore degraded trail corridors, and build a new  park to connect underserved neighborhoods to recreational opportunities  on the Delaware River.   This amendment not only protects our environment, but it protects our  economies, our livelihoods, our health, and our safety.   In line with the bipartisan infrastructure bill that Congress passed  last year, this amendment will also allow the Secretary of the Interior  to waive cost-share requirements for the most disadvantaged  communities. That is rural and urban. This will help low-income  communities, and it is important to understand what that means to our  local environment.   The Delaware River Basin Conservation Act was passed in 2016 with  bipartisan support. I urge my colleagues to join in supporting the  passage of this amendment and reauthorizing this necessary  environmental program.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I will repeat what I said. This was passed  bipartisanly in 2016, the very same year I came in, Mr. Speaker.   I shared with you that it is about the people, and at the end of the  day, that is what we are here for.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   