 Mr. President, this week, the solar industry in this  country is at something in naval aviation that we call refusal speed.  Now, what is refusal speed? Refusal speed is the speed at which an  aircraft continues to pick up speed on its takeoff roll or abandon,  abort that takeoff roll and remain on the ground. That is what refusal  speed is.   In recent years, America's solar energy industry has been rolling  down the runway, picking up speed every day. Unfortunately, there are  forces at large today that threaten to abort the takeoff roll and  ground this vital industry.   Today, I join my colleagues in rising to express our grave concerns  about a challenge that threatens to bring the solar industry to a  halt--to a halt--not from climate change deniers but from our own  Federal Government.   As we speak, Mr. President, the U.S. Commerce Department is  investigating whether solar energy products coming from Malaysia,  Vietnam, Thailand, and Cambodia should be subject to the same tariffs  as are currently in place for products coming here from China. This  investigation is currently freezing access to these products for  American businesses that import and deploy  [[Page S2643]]  them across our country, and the threat of astronomical tariffs looms  large.   As a result, a number of our colleagues are deeply concerned about  the impact of the Commerce investigation not only on the solar industry  but also on our ability to combat the climate crisis and meet President  Biden's bold climate goals. We are already in danger of running out of  time to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. I know that. The Presiding  Officer knows that. All our colleagues realize that. Now this  investigation threatens to create an unforced error--an unforced  error--in our commitment to protect our planet. We don't have time for  an unforced error. We are not waiting for the climate crisis to arrive;  the climate crisis is here, and it is here now.   Without bold action, our country and our planet will continue to feel  ever more devastating impacts. Already, in the last year alone, we have  witnessed wildfires burning millions of acres in California, Montana,  Arizona, and other Western States--fires as big as my State. The same  hurricane that knocked out access to power and water for a million  people in Louisiana and Mississippi then went on to produce flash  floods in New Jersey and New York. People there actually drowned in  their basements, unable to escape the torrent of floodwater.   To prevent further devastating, irreversible effects of climate  change and protect our planet for future generations, we need to  continue transitioning our Nation and our planet away from fossil  fuels. Among other things, we should be doing everything in our power  to lift up innovators in the solar industry, to boldly cut emissions  from our power sector, and to attack this climate crisis head-on. But,  unfortunately, the Commerce Department's investigation threatens to  hamstring one of the strongest weapons in our fight: clean renewable  energy.   The prospect of as much as a 250-percent tariff on solar products  will have an immediate, disastrous impact on a leading renewable energy  source for our Nation. Effectively, we would be punishing the very  green industry that is helping to lead the charge to curb emissions and  further reduce our Nation's reliance on fossil fuels.   We would be punishing the hundreds of thousands of Americans who work  in the solar industry. In fact, the Solar Energy Industries Association  estimates that this investigation currently underway threatens 70,000  jobs between now and 2025--70,000 jobs. But more than that, we have  heard from businesses in the solar industry that say that the very  threat of these tariffs is already freezing imports needed to build  solar infrastructure and bolster our defense against the climate  crisis.   The idea that solar companies may have to sit around waiting for  January 2023 to come around just to see if industry-rocking tariffs  will be announced--that alone is destabilizing. It is worse than  destabilizing; it already risks bringing investments to a standstill,  while adding uncertainty to the solar market and pushing utility  companies to slow their transition away from fossil fuels out of fear  for a change in American climate priorities, because that is what is at  stake here. What do we value? Are we committed to a clean energy  future, a transition to a 100-percent carbon pollution-free electric  sector by 2035 and to protecting American jobs and lives from an  impending climate crisis or are we OK with the status quo, with holding  back our renewable energy prospects and continuing to let politics  dictate our planet's future?   Across this Nation, Americans are feeling the effects of climate  change in every storm surge and every coastal flood. We certainly see  that in my home State of Delaware. We are the lowest lying State in  America. The seas around us are rising. My State is sinking. Americans  across the country are ready to do whatever it takes to save our planet  and create a ton of jobs at the same time.   I implore the Biden administration to swiftly expedite its  investigation rather than drag this process out and add to the  uncertainty of businesses across our country and to rule out  retroactive, job-killing tariffs in the process.   In this moment--in this moment--we have to act with greater urgency  to drive down emissions. In this moment, we have to unleash the power  of American clean energy. In this moment, we need to protect our planet  for generations to come.   To fall short of our commitment would be to let down all of those who  inherit this planet from us. Make no mistake, future generations will  look back at this critical moment in our Nation's history to see what  we did when our planet was on the line. Heaven forbid they look back  and see that our own hand--our own hand--forced this error.   Again, I implore this administration to end this investigation, lift  up the solar industry, and help us meet our Nation's climate goals.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that several  individuals serving on the Senate Committee on Environment and Public  Works majority staff and one individual in my personal office be  granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the Congress.  Their names include Janine Barr, Mayely Boyce, Susan Kimball, Milo  Goodell, Matthew Marzano, Grace Fluharty, Connor Ransom, Alex Smith,  and James Drueckhammer.   