 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of two  amendments that would prohibit Federal funding for Davis-Bacon under  Division A and Division F of this minibus.   Passed into law in 1931, Davis-Bacon was a conglomeration of many Jim  Crow-era policies intended to inflate the wages of government  contractors and eliminate competition for labor in favor of White union  workers.   Nearly every day on this House floor, we hear from Democrats about  how anyone who disagrees with them must obviously be a racist. That is  their default response to virtually all opposition to their disastrous  policies.   Climate--racist. Healthcare--racist. COVID--racist. Infrastructure-- racist. Police--racist. School choice--racist. Border security--racist.  Voting Republican--obviously, racist. Being a patriot in the military-- racist. Election integrity--super racist.   In fact, the President of the United States called proponents of  voter ID worse than Jim Crow. They were ``Jim Eagle.''   But will any Democrat join me today in this effort to oppose Davis- Bacon, a hateful, legal artifact from the Jim Crow era?   Beyond its history, the Davis-Bacon Act artificially drives up the  cost of Federally funded construction projects by requiring the payment  of the prevailing wage, an arbitrary wage determined by the Department  of Labor, rather than the wage determined by the marketplace. That is  never good, and certainly not in the interest of the taxpayer--you  know, the ones who pay the bills.   In fact, Davis-Bacon drives up Federal construction costs by about 10  percent every year and costs taxpayers about $11 billion a year. I  know, I know. We waste trillions around here, and we don't care about  billions. We don't take that seriously. But why should American  taxpayers subsidize unions when only 14 percent of construction workers  are unionized.   Billions of Federal dollars are being funneled towards just one-tenth  of the entire construction workforce in our country. By inflating wages  far above the market rate, we are not helping American workers, we are  robbing taxpayers of $11 billion a year. Nonunion workers are paying  more in taxes to subsidize higher union wages for Davis-Bacon workers.   With the Biden price hike driving inflation to a 40-percent high at 9  percent, we should all be thinking about ways to save taxpayer money  and make government more efficient. The Biden price hike has the impact  of making every American work one month for free this year. That is how  much less purchasing power they have.   My legislation to repeal the Davis-Bacon Act has the support of  Americans for Prosperity, Citizens Against Government Waste,  FreedomWorks, Heritage Action for America, and National Right to Work.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support my commonsense  amendments to prohibit funding for Davis-Bacon and save taxpayers $11  billion per year.     Mr. Chair, I offered two amendments to this  appropriations package that would save a total of $86 million in  taxpayer dollars.  [[Page H6849]]    One amendment strikes funding to buy electric vehicles for the  Federal fleet, and the other removes woke Federal funding to make  public housing ``climate resilient''--whatever the heck that is.   The American people cannot afford Biden's climate agenda. They also  don't want it, as I am confident they will demonstrate 112 days from  today.   Americans are suffering from 9 percent inflation, the highest in 40  years. Call it the Biden price hike, if you will, with an average  national gas price of nearly $5 per gallon.   Yet, this Democratic majority wants to make the American people pay  for unelected bureaucrats to drive around in expensive electric  vehicles and make them fund climate welfare programs.   Washington is pumping $91 billion in funding toward a ridiculous  transportation and housing bill. This is an increase of 12 percent year  over year.   Voting for an absurd spending increase is simply a vote for more  inflation and economic pain for all Americans.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, vote to  eliminate wasteful spending, and oppose the underlying bill.   