 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this bill would provide U.S. courts with jurisdiction  over war criminals if the victim or offender is a U.S. national or a  lawfully admitted permanent resident alien, a member of the Armed  Forces of the United States, or otherwise present in the United States.   In order for a case against one of these individuals to be  prosecuted, the Attorney General or their designee must certify that  the prosecution is in the public interest and necessary to secure  substantial justice.   We all agree that those who commit war crimes should be brought to  justice, but this bill is not really that simple.   This bill has had no process in the Judiciary Committee. We have had  no hearings. We have heard from no witnesses. We have not fully  examined the potential ramifications of the legislation.   We don't know how this bill may align with the laws of foreign  nations or if, by passing this bill, we may cause other countries to  pass their own laws that would imperil our servicemembers or citizens  around the world.   We have not considered the standards that the Attorney General is  directed to follow in certifying these prosecutions.   If we have learned one thing in the Judiciary Committee this  Congress, it is that the Biden Justice Department's definition of  ``public interest and substantial justice'' is radically different from  most Americans.   Does the Biden Justice Department believe it is in the public  interest to conspire with Big Tech to stifle speech and censor views,  as we have seen in recent disclosures?   Does the Biden Justice Department believe that using the weight of  Federal law enforcement to target concerned parents at school board  meetings amounts to substantial justice?   The standards in this bill are vague and unworkable, and I am  concerned about how they may be abused by this Justice Department. The  Judiciary Committee should have wrestled with these issues and others,  but we never had the chance.   Madam Speaker, for the reasons I cited in my opening statement, I  urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, S. 3949 requires that certain services be provided to  trafficking survivors with a history in the State child protection and  welfare system. For example, it would require that trafficking victims  with a history in the child welfare system receive basic education,  life skills training, job skills training, and other professional  development.   The bill also prohibits officials who are investigating trafficking  from engaging in illicit relationships or contact with witnesses,  victims, potential witnesses, and potential victims during the course  of the investigation.   It also requires all Federal agencies to ensure that all staff  receive training related to human trafficking and acknowledge the  agency's code of conduct as it relates to human trafficking.   Additionally, this bill requires the Comptroller General to report to  Congress on the prevention of trafficking of persons in the Federal  contract supply chain.   Madam Speaker, I would just say if we really want to deal with the  trafficking problem, the number one thing we could do, the number one  thing we should do, the best thing we could do is actually secure the  border. But this week, the Democrats are looking to do just the  opposite and make an already chaotic situation even more chaotic with  the repeal of title 42.   That is what we should be focusing on. If we really care about this  terrible human trafficking concern and problem, we would secure our  southern border, but that is not, unfortunately, where this  administration wants to go.   This legislation is fine, but if we really want to address the  overriding problem here, we would be focused on the border.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, again, this legislation is fine. I will just say  this--my colleague and the chair of the Judiciary Committee said this-- this problem is everywhere. I don't disagree. It is a terrible problem.  But let's be honest, where the problem is the worst is our southern  border.   Four million illegal migrants have come into this country in the 23  months of the Biden administration. That is where it is the worst. The  cartels are making tons of money on moving people. What happens to  women and children in that journey is so wrong, and that is what we  should be focused on.   My colleagues on the other side do not want to address it, they don't  even want to go see it, the President hasn't even been there. This  legislation is fine, and it can be helpful--God bless America.   But let's focus on the real issue here: the 4 million people the  cartels are bringing across our border--we no longer have a border.   If title 42 goes away, that chaotic situation gets even worse. That  is what we should be focused on, and my colleagues don't want to do it.   Madam Speaker, this legislation is fine, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   