 Madam Speaker, some have suggested that  the supply chain crisis has eased. Now, to be sure, important progress  has been made, but serious problems still exist, and now is not the  time for us to take our foot off the gas.   Notably, although this body has passed the Garamendi-Johnson Ocean  Shipping Reform Act, the Senate has not yet acted. Let's be clear:  Action is needed.   Earlier this week, the dry peas and lentils producers told me that 30  to 40 percent of their shipments are still being canceled by the  foreign-flagged ocean carriers. Now, remember, this is an environment  where 60 percent of the containers that were hauled back to Asia last  year went back empty. They were empty at a time when American  agriculture products were aging and, in some cases, spoiling right  there on the docks.   Carriers are discriminating against American manufactured and  agricultural goods.   This is not a conceptual threat. These practices have already cost  the American dairy industry more than $1.3 billion, and things could  get a lot worse.   Our producers have worked hard to build foreign markets in the  commodities that Mr. Garamendi mentioned as well as beef, beans, corn,  and dairy. If those producers cannot meet their obligations, then  buyers will look elsewhere for food. This has already cost us an  estimated 22 percent of market share for our ag producers. This is  unacceptable.   Now, Mr. Garamendi is right. A functional market has reciprocity. It  also has basic rules of the road, and the Ocean Shipping Reform Act  establishes those basic rules of the road. This amendment would add  OSRA to the underlying bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment so that we can  continue to build momentum.   Now, in fact, our partners in the Senate, Amy Klobuchar and John  Thune, are expected to introduce OSRA in their Chamber this week. Yet  another House vote in support of OSRA will send a clear message to  Leader Schumer that our bill should be put on the floor for a vote.   Madam Speaker, we do need to better align the interests of the  foreign-flagged ocean carriers with those of American manufacturers and  American ag producers. That is what this amendment does.   