 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business for debate only, with Senators  permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the nomination  of Robert Gordon. Earlier this year, Mr. Gordon had strong bipartisan  support in the Finance Committee when his nomination came to a vote.  Mr. Gordon is President Biden's nominee to serve as the Department of  Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources,  and he has a long history of dedication to public service.   More recently, he served as director of the Department of Health and  Human Services for the State of Michigan. He played a central role in  the State's pandemic response and managed an agency of 14,000 employees  and a multibillion-dollar budget.   Before that, he held senior roles in the U.S. Department of Education  and the Office of Management and Budget, where he championed evidence- based policymaking to use taxpayer dollars wisely.   Earlier in his career, Mr. Gordon served as a senior official at the  New York City Department of Education. He was a senior aide on Capitol  Hill, a law clerk for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and a White House  aide.   In his time at the White House, he supported the development of the  AmeriCorps program.   In his long career in public service, he has worked to ensure that  government programs work for those they serve and that they do so  through responsible use of taxpayer dollars. Such experience is  essential to the work of the Assistant Secretary for Financial  Resources at the Department of Health and Human Services.   HHS has responsibility for critical programs like Medicare, Medicaid,  and the Children's Health Insurance Program, just to name a few. The  Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources must ensure that these  programs and many others under the umbrella of the Department remain  strong for future generations.   I ask unanimous consent that, as if in executive session, the Senate  consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 762, Robert Michael  Gordon, to be Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services; that  the Senate vote on the nomination, without intervening action or  debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and that the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I want to respond, at least preliminarily,  to my friend from Tennessee. I appreciate his advocacy for hospitals in  his home State of Tennessee. So given that he is seeking this assurance  about these disproportionate share hospital payments, my understanding  is that the reconciliation bill we are about to consider this week does  not contain any provisions that are directly relevant and any provision  that would impact these disproportionate share hospitals or  uncompensated care pool funding.   So given that and given that he is seeking this specific assurance  about the pending reconciliation bill--and I think it is evident or  will become evident that the bill does not contain these DSH provisions  or uncompensated care payment cuts--I would ask him just this question,  if he would entertain this question: If the Senate does pass a  reconciliation bill, which I hope will be by the end of this week, and  that bill is then subsequently enacted into law, will he lift his  objection and allow this and other relevant HHS nominations to be  confirmed by unanimous consent?     Mr. President, I yield the floor.   