 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Menendez and I be permitted to complete our remarks prior to the  scheduled recess.    Mr. President, I rise in support of our legislation to  formally designate the major Mexican drug cartels as foreign terrorist  organizations under Federal law.   It would also require the State Department to issue a report to  Congress on additional cartels that meet the criteria for foreign  terrorist organizations designation and require the Department to  designate them as such within 30 days of the report. This bill would  give us greater tools to push back against the cartels fueling the  White House's deadly open border crisis.   This past March, I was honored and proud to lead five Kansas sheriffs  to the border to meet with Border Patrol officers and survey the  ongoing immigration crisis at our border. With our own eyes, we saw the  activities of the major Mexican drug cartels that qualify them for  designation as a foreign terrorist organization, as they are  transnational entities that engage in textbook terrorist activity, such  as kidnapping, assassination, and endangering lives with explosives and  firearms.   Additionally, these cartels are responsible for the deaths of  hundreds of thousands of Americans, especially young Americans in their  prime.   Fentanyl has quickly become the leading cause of death among adults  ages 18 to 45. Last year, the number of drug overdose deaths in the  United States topped 100,000, with fentanyl being the cause of more  than two-thirds of them.   The vast majority of fentanyl precursors, as we all know now, are  manufactured in China and then chemically  [[Page S5125]]  turned into lethal fentanyl by the cartels. Next, the cartels smuggle  the poison into the United States via the southwest border. In fact,  the DEA reports that an astounding 80 percent of the fentanyl in  America comes into our country through the U.S.-Mexico open border.   Last week, we introduced the Cooper Davis Act, a bill named after  Cooper Davis, a Johnston County, KS, teen who tragically lost his life  to fentanyl poisoning last summer after just taking one-half of one  pill of fake Percocet that contained, unfortunately, a lethal dose of  fentanyl.   Sadly, Cooper Davis is not the only victim in Kansas from the actions  of the Mexican cartels, as most every day, we lose a young person in  Kansas due to the actions of these terrorist cartel operations. And I  know every single one of my Senate colleagues have victims from their  States who have been poisoned and murdered from this same illicit  fentanyl.   That is right. Americans are dead, hundreds being murdered every day  because of this administration's open border policies and zero respect  for border security.   Last year, the Border Patrol seized at the southern border 11,000  pounds of fentanyl. That is over 5 tons of this poison. They seized  over 5,000 pounds of heroin, nearly a ton of meth, and almost a  thousand pounds of cocaine, and, finally, 10,000 pounds of ketamine.   Of course, this is a fraction of how much of this poison actually  crossed the border and was transported into our communities undetected,  making every State a border State.   Regardless, this represents many, many multiples of amounts needed to  kill every man, woman, and child in the United States. Indeed, this  sounds like a weapon of mass destruction.   Joe Biden's open border policies are responsible for the deaths of  thousands of young American men, women, and children.   To anyone who knows the brutal tactics and extensive operations that  cartels use on both sides of our southern border every single day,  there is no question that they should be described, designated, and  treated as terrorists.   These are people who hang, behead, and burn people alive to threaten  and control government officials in Mexico, and now with cartel members  in most likely every State of the Union--yes, even in Kansas--they  actively engage in these same dangerous, murderous tactics here  domestically.   For more than 10 years, Texas Republicans have been trying to label  Mexican cartels terrorists in an effort to try and cripple their  empires.   This week, Texas Governor Greg Abbott made a declaration establishing  a Mexican cartel division within the Texas Fusion Center at the Texas  Department of Public Safety, which his office said will conduct  multijurisdictional investigations with local law enforcement and other  States.   The unsustainable crisis at the border has impacted not only  Americans but the migrants themselves, who have often traveled hundreds  of miles on foot and can be exploited by these terrorist organizations.    Just yesterday, the Washington Examiner reported those being brought  across the border by coyotes are paying an average of $8,600 in total  smuggling fees this year, mimicking what Mafias do who charge a fee-- literally a tax--to enter their territory and pass through.   The Biden open border surge has enriched these terrorist  organizations, and we must step up our defenses against them as they  continue to wreak havoc on communities all across the country. It  cannot go on any longer.   Listen, designating Mexican drug cartels as foreign terrorist  organizations will give our Federal Government new ways to fight back;  that is, if the White House will allow them to.   A foreign terrorist organization designation provides additional  tools for law enforcement and national security authorities to take  action, including by providing additional investigation and  intelligence resources and sanction capabilities.   For example, a foreign terrorist organization designation would, No.  1, make it unlawful for any person who knowingly provides ``material  support or resources'' to the cartel to enter the United States. Next,  it prevents any member of the designated cartel from legally entering  the United States. And, finally, it would allow the Secretary of the  Treasury to block all assets possessed or controlled by the cartels.   The cartels are playing a massive role in the ongoing crisis at the  border. By exploiting Joe Biden's open border policies, the cartels  have increased their power and wealth at the expense of innocent lives  that get in their way.   I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation to formally  designate the major Mexican drug cartels as foreign terrorist  organizations under Federal law and help stem the tide of dangerous  drugs and other illicit goods pouring across our open southern border.   Surely, this is an effort we can all get behind, as every Senator in  this body affirmed by oath that they would support and defend the  Constitution upon their swearing in. This, importantly, includes  providing for the common defense of our people.   Personally, I will not rest until we stop this war on the youth of  young Americans.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign  Relations be discharged from further consideration of S. 4914 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I certainly do respect the comments of  the chairman.   I would ask him a question: What would you tell the mother of Cooper  Davis? What would you tell the mother of the hundreds of Americans who  are going to die today from fentanyl poisoning?   Whatever we are doing now is not working. This is a war. Just  yesterday morning, at 1 a.m., we were given 250 pages of legislation  that we were asked to vote on that evening. This is a 3- or 4-page  bill.   I have declared war on fentanyl. Every day in Kansas someone is dying  from fentanyl. Every day in the State of New Jersey probably several  people are dying from fentanyl poisoning.   I would ask the chairman: Whatever we are doing, it is not working.  What more can we do? What do I tell Cooper Davis's mom? What do I tell  these people out there whose babies are dying?   They are young adults being taken from the prime of their lives.  Whatever we have done is not working. This stuff is coming over by the  tons. What we have captured is a fraction of what is reaching America.  That is why Kansas is no longer safe. It is not safe for any of our  young adults. This is why this Halloween we are going to have to put  our kids on special watches as this candied fentanyl comes across the  border. I don't see how anyone who cares about our youth and young  adults could object to this.   I yield the floor.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in order to ask for  unanimous consent to pass S.J. Res. 63, a resolution to terminate the  COVID-19 national emergency declaration. It has been more than 2\1/2\  years since the national emergency concerning the novel  [[Page S5129]]  coronavirus disease outbreak was declared, and it has been extended now  twice already by President Biden since the initial proclamation, most  recently in February of this year.   It is this declaration, coupled with other additional emergency  powers currently invoked by the President, which this administration is  using to supersize government in order to continue their reckless,  inflationary spending spree and enact their radical, partisan agenda.  In fact, the White House uses these emergencies to justify their  inflationary, out-of-control spending, their unconstitutional vaccine  and mask mandates, and to forgive student loans.   This is not the first time I have come to the floor to terminate this  emergency declaration. In fact, in March, I brought an identical  resolution to this floor under the expedited procedures contained in  the National Emergencies Act that passed this body by a vote of 48 to  47. At that time, the status of the virus in this Nation had greatly  improved since the dark, early days of the pandemic. Everyone ages 12  and over was eligible for a booster shot if they wanted further  inoculation. More than 550 million shots had been administered in the  United States, with 215 million people being fully vaccinated. Two oral  anti-virals had been made available for certain patients, and  monoclonal antibody treatments were available for those at high risk of  becoming seriously ill.   Fast-forward to today, 6 months later, and the status of our immunity  and ability to fight the virus in the United States has improved  further still. More than 660 million doses have been administered, and  225 million people are fully vaccinated--nearly 70 percent of the  population. If you include natural immunity, immunity gained through  natural infection, the CDC stated just last month that approximately 95  percent of Americans over the age of 16 have some acquired level of  immunity. Everyone ages 12 and older can receive Omicron-specific  boosters, and we have a growing roster of anti-viral drugs and  monoclonal antibodies that are helping vulnerable populations avoid  life-threatening infections.   Now, this is not the time to ignore the individuals still struggling  with COVID or those who are tragically dying with the virus, but it  does demonstrate that we have made major advances in our fight against  COVID-19 and entered a less dire, more endemic phase. In fact, even  President Biden recently acknowledged during a ``60 Minutes'' interview  that the ``pandemic is over.''   Of course, the President's handlers immediately walked back this  claim to argue that the pandemic is, in fact, not over. But why? Why  would the Federal officials calling the shots in the executive branch  not want to declare this pandemic over? Because it is the fearmongering  and the robust authorities provided by the emergency declaration that  allow this administration to justify infringing upon your rights and  validates their continued expansion of inflationary government spending  and social programs.   It was this government-imposed state of emergency that justified  their continued lockdowns of small businesses and schools. It was this  government-imposed state of emergency that justified their vaccine and  mask mandates that continue to this day in too many instances. It was  this government-imposed state of emergency that justified President  Biden's and congressional Democrats' inflationary spending binge,  starting with the $1.19 trillion American Rescue Plan last year and  their curiously and inappropriately named Inflation Reduction Act this  summer. Most recently, it was the national emergency declaration that  allowed the President to extend the payment pause and cancel up to  $10,000 in outstanding federally held student loan balances and $20,000  for Pell Grant recipients.   This rallying cry of the far left that the President is pandering to  will cost the Federal Government $420 billion--$420 billion--according  to the Congressional Budget Office. The Wall Street Journal called the  move ``an unprecedented act of peacetime fiscal recklessness.'' And  every American knows this is inflationary.   This is exactly the problem. The Biden administration is keeping  Americans under the strain of the national emergency declaration as if  we are not living in a time of peace, as if we are living in a time of  war that requires the full force of the Federal Government--rights and  fiscal responsibility be damned--in order to respond to this crisis.   In order to rein in this massive expansion of government, to slow  down inflation, and restore Americans' fundamental rights, we must take  the important step of terminating the COVID-19 national emergency  declaration. I encourage all my colleagues to join me in supporting  doing so.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Finance be discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 63 and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask  that the joint resolution be read a third time and passed and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I certainly appreciate the chairman's comments and his  sincere commitment. We certainly share some of the same goals.   Practicing medicine in rural Kansas for 25 years, we have been faced  with physician shortages for decades, with nursing shortages for  decades, and we both agree that is a problem. But the difference is, I  don't think that the government is the solution to the problem; I think  that the government has created the problem, that physicians and nurses  are so tired of dealing with all the redtape, all the continuing burden  that the ACA has put on us.   I am so proud of the doctors and nurses. When this country called for  them in an emergency, we--including myself--volunteered, rushing to the  frontlines of the emergency rooms to take care of patients. Now this  Congress is going to reward them with a pay cut, by the way.  [[Page S5130]]    But this is not the solution to the doctor shortages or the nurse  shortages. The solution is to respect the profession, to remove some of  the redtape. Allow us to be doctors and nurses. Don't make us be tied  down with issues like prior authorization, which I know your committee  is seriously considering as well. We appreciate your work on that as  well.   Certainly, I do have people who come to my townhalls--and, like you,  we have been to 100 counties in the past 2 years. We have five left to  go. And what people ask me is: Why do our kids in the Head Start  Programs still need to wear a mask? Do they do any good? Why are there  still vaccine mandates out there? Why is this government continuing  inflationary spending?   It is my feeling that this emergency declaration allows the President  and the White House to expand those powers to take our constitutional  rights away from us.   You know, again, I have encouraged people to take the vaccine and do  all the right things. But I still think it is time to end the  emergency. Give us our God-given constitutional rights back. I think we  should support ending this declaration of emergency.   I yield the floor.   