 Madam Speaker, I thank Jodey for putting this together. I  have enjoyed sitting with him in many of the meetings that he has  called to work on fiscal responsibility, reaching across the aisle to  see about having those important conversations, realizing the heavy  task ahead of us, but also how important it is that we take it on.   We are $30 trillion in debt. I like how Jodey framed it because $30  trillion is a hard number for us to grasp, but the idea that it is a  deferred tax on our kids, it is nothing that we will have to pay, but  it is a burden we are passing on to our kids in the name of spending  today.   Right now what we see happening in our Nation is families are  struggling with inflation, inflation, and inflation. Right now many  families are having to make the choice between food and fuel. You have  families on a fixed income who suddenly their money doesn't go as far  as it went, and they are having to make tough choices, sometimes  between medicine and food.   You have others who have saved their whole life, worked their whole  life, thinking their money would stretch a certain distance, and  suddenly their life savings is not worth what it was.   The Washington solution, of course, has been to spend more money,  exacerbate the problem, put more money out there that causes more and  more and more inflation. Typically what we see happen from big-spending  politicians is they try to get away with selling this idea to the  American people that their personal compassion is defined by how much  of other people's money we give away.   That is the most absurd notion, the fact that we could spend other  people's money and somehow go back to the American people and say, How  much do I care about you? It is not our money to spend. Real compassion  would be doing the due diligence to make sure that we are not just  voting on a bill that has some warm and fuzzy title but that we are  doing the due diligence to make sure that it is actually accomplishing  the objectives it was set forth to do.   When we start a program or we start an agency, we come back and we  check and we see, are they meeting their benchmarks, are they actually  accomplishing it? A lot of times in Congress we will pass a bill out of  the best of intentions and find out later on that it is actually doing  the opposite of what we intended it to do.   Right now in Washington if you try to get a straight answer on how  many programs or agencies exist in Washington, in our Federal  bureaucracy, it is hard to get a straight answer, much less to know  whether they are doing a good job or not, whether we are being wise  with the taxpayer dollar or not.   This is one reason I have authored and introduced here the Federal  Sunset Commission Act. We have one in Texas. It has been effective at  helping rein in government. It would bring every agency, every program  before a commission and review it to see if it is something we should  keep doing. Maybe there are a couple programs that are similar that we  can consolidate, make them more efficient. Maybe there are some things  that are just not accomplishing what they were set out to do. They may  have been put out there with the best of intentions, but we need to  stop it and give the taxpayer back their taxpayer dollars.   You know, when you study how nations rise and fall throughout  history, usually they crumble from within. Right now that is where we  are at in the United States. We are not so much in danger of some  invading force coming across our borders, but we have not been diligent  to spend wisely. We have been irresponsible.   We are the world's reserve currency, but we have not acted like the  world's reserve currency. If we are not careful, we will lose that very  important standing that has helped us have the freedom and prosperity  and, frankly, to be a light, to be a city on a hill, to be a nation  that advances freedom and liberty not only here at home but, frankly,  across the world.   Some years ago, it was actually under the Bush administration, there  was an intelligence report that came out that said basically the  greatest transfer in all of history of wealth and power is happening  right now from the Western countries to the Eastern countries. They  said it was almost inevitable. It was a virtual certainty is the way it  was phrased that this transition would happen.   They said it was happening for two reasons. They said it was  happening because we are sending oil and gas revenues overseas and we  are sending manufacturing overseas. So basically the elites were taking  the wealth and hard work of the American worker and sending it to  nations that have our not best interests in mind. And they call that  good, sound policy.    They said it was virtually inevitable. Well, in the last  administration, we saw that we could, indeed, bring those oil and gas  revenues back. We saw that actually brought peace and security to the  world. We saw that we could begin to bring manufacturing back.   If we release the American worker to do their job, to innovate, they  can meet the challenges of the supply chain we face now. Let's get  government out of the way and let them do their best work.   There is a story in Scripture of a good king Hezekiah, and history  will record that he was a good king, but later on in life he made a big  mistake. He invited an enemy country to come see the storehouses, to  see where the temple treasuries were, to see where all the gold and  weapons were stored up. A prophet came to him a couple days later, and  he said, guess what, everything that your ancestors have stored up will  be taken away one day because of what you just did. And that was a  tragic thing to hear. But what was even more tragic was his response  when he said: Well, what you are saying is good because at least it  will not happen in my lifetime.   We have too many people in this House who when it comes to  legislation are willing to sugarcoat, willing to acquiesce, willing to  vote on that good and fuzzy bill because they know that the damage will  not come in their lifetime, it won't come in their political career.   We have got to do what is right by the American people; do what is  right for generations to come; and do what we need to do to save this  great bastion of hope and freedom for the world, the United States of  America. Thank you for hosting this. God bless you.   