 Mr. Speaker, I support this bill's relief for Mary in  Austin whose grandson, like so many others, will be able to get some  relief. They are paying up to $300 per month for insulin, and now they  would pay $35 per month.   But 5\1/2\ million Texans and 28 million Americans are uninsured.  This bill offers them no help whatsoever. In our upside-down healthcare  system, those who have the least continually get asked to pay the most  for essential pharmaceuticals. Sixty-eight percent of those without  health insurance are forced to pay full monopoly prices for their  essential insulin. They are being denied any relief today, despite the  fact that I and 12 of my colleagues offered a simple amendment that  could have provided that assistance.   Nor does this bill represent the slightest progress toward preventing  prescription price gouging. It is so true, as many have said, that many  Americans are paying 10 times the price for insulin as do consumers in  other countries. This bill does not do anything, however, to lower it  to nine times. Indeed, this bill does not lower the price of insulin by  one penny, it just shifts the burden of paying for the insulin off the  shoulders of insured insulin users, and shifts it on to the rest of us  who are paying insurance premiums, and will pay higher premiums because  of this, and $11 billion more in costs to the taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I assume Big Pharma supports this bill because it is not  facing any additional duty to lower its prices for this lifesaving  product. Some day this Congress will break free of the shackles of Big  Pharma, which fills these halls with more lobbyists than there are  Members of Congress.   Some day we will provide genuine relief to all Americans burdened by  soaring drug prices, but that day, sadly, is not today.    Madam Speaker, to assure a stable supply of insulin and  better health at $35 instead of $300 monthly, I fully support this bill  for Yolanda, a retired Texas teacher, and one-quarter of insulin- dependent patients forced to ration their insulin because of predatory  pricing.   Yet, instead of addressing pharmaceutical price gouging, this bill  really only shifts how Big Pharma is rewarded. Since this bill does not  reduce any insulin prices by one penny, all of us who are insured will  ultimately pay through our premiums while taxpayers are on the hook for  $11 billion. For Americans who rely on other types of lifesaving drugs,  there is also no relief. Big Pharma remains immune from any restraint  on its monopoly prices from a Congress that is simply unable to hold it  accountable.   My further concern is that this bill widens the coverage gap for  nearly 5.5 million Texans and 28 million Americans who are uninsured,  wrongly excluded from any benefit, and who do not receive any benefit  today. While the uninsured population represents 17 percent of the  insulin-dependent population, they constitute 80 percent of the people  who pay full, monopoly prices. So, help for some--which is important-- but there is a need to do more for the many who are not covered today.   