 Mr. President, as I speak here today on the U.S. Postal  Service Reform Act, Russian President Vladimir Putin is waging a cruel,  unjust, and barbaric war of choice, financed by a global addiction to  fossil fuels, an addiction which Russia is only too happy to exploit  right now.   And the most effective way to reduce the long-term security threat to  Ukraine and Europe and the United States and the whole world is to say  that we are going to empty Vladimir Putin's oil-and-gas-funded piggy  bank, setting ourselves and our allies on the course to a future  powered by domestic clean energy.   We can use the power of our Federal Government to not only apply  sanctions but also destroy Putin's dirty energy business model.    The U.S. Government has 700,000 vehicles in its fleet, and 160,000 of  the U.S. Government's vehicles belong to the U.S. Postal Service. Our  Postal Service could play an important role in destroying the Putin  business model by committing to clean instead of dirty energy to fuel  its fleet. And it should start by reversing Postmaster General Louis  DeJoy's short-term decision to buy dirty, new postal trucks, energy- inefficient postal trucks, gas-guzzling postal trucks.   As we import oil from Russia, we don't need a new fleet of gas- guzzling postal vehicles in the United States because if we don't get a  truly next-generation electric fleet of postal trucks, we need the next  generation of Postal Service leadership delivered express to the  American people.   This is just the latest stop in DeJoy's disastrous postal route, and  it is time for him to resign. This is just a leftover agenda from the  Trump years, this commitment to inefficiency, to the consumption  unnecessarily of oil and natural gas in our country.   The Postal Service Board of Governors and the Biden administration  just can't let this bad business, bad-for-climate, bad-for-health  decision stand. If DeJoy won't get rid of this decision, the U.S.  Postal Service should get rid of him, especially at this moment where  Russia is fueling an unconscionable invasion of Ukraine with oil money  from the United States.   It is the American people who have been paying $20 billion a year for  Russian oil coming into our country to put in the gasoline tanks of the  United States. And then he takes that money and uses it to buy tanks  and planes and weapons to invade the Ukraine.   A new fleet of electric postal trucks would receive a stamp of  approval from the American people as it would lower costs, reduce  pollution, and provide public health benefits while backing out the  Russian oil that comes into our country every single day.   Louis DeJoy wants to claim he doesn't have the money to go electric,  but that false statement should be marked ``return to sender.''   One study found that full electrification would save the U.S. Postal  Service $4.3 billion over the lifetime of the fleet. In other words,  going all electric saves money for the American taxpayer because going  all electric is cheaper than going all gasoline or all diesel. We just  save money, but we don't have to send any money to Putin to run our  Postal Service because that just doesn't make any sense in 2022.   Since taking office in 2020, Louis DeJoy has tried to pinch pennies  at the U.S. Postal Service, so why is he now proposing a fiscally  irresponsible plan that leaves $4.3 billion on the table instead of in  U.S. Postal Service's budget?   If our new postal fleet is made up of vehicles that get less than 10  miles to the gallon, no better than the vehicles already in use, we are  going to be tying our mail delivery system of the future to the dirty  oil, inefficient oil, inefficient vehicle strategy of the past.   We shouldn't be proposing the Postal Service use the same energy from  the time of the Pony Express, and these vehicles that we are using  today move at about the same speed as the Pony Express.   It is time for us to just think smarter and not harder. That is all  electric. That is backing out oil. That is just saying that we can have  an infinity sign next to the efficiency of these vehicles which we are  driving and not this 10-mile-a-gallon, 1930s, 1920s view of how  efficient the postal vehicles in our country should be.   So this is simple. Electric postal trucks are cheaper. Electric  postal trucks are cleaner. And this isn't charity; it is business. And  you don't have to take my word for it. Ask some of our most successful  companies in the mail delivery industry.   These are the competitors to the Postal Service. The Postal Service  is constantly coming up here saying that we need more subsidies; we  need more help to compete against these private-sector competitors.  Well, UPS just placed a 10,000-vehicle purchase order for electric  trucks. FedEx is moving to achieve a fully electric fleet by the year  2040. And Amazon is purchasing 100,000 new electric delivery vehicles;  that is 20 times more than our U.S. Postal Service is planning to get  under Louis DeJoy.   These trucks also would work for UPS routes today. Ninety-six percent  of USPS routes are compatible with electric postal routes. Electric  vehicles aren't the future; they work for us, for our budgets, and for  our energy security right now.   We need to protect our planet, and having all electric vehicles just  dramatically reduces the greenhouse gases that we emit. But we also  have to protect our national security. We have to be telling Russia  that we don't need your oil any more than we need your caviar.   And the only way to do it, ultimately, is for the United States--you  just find a way to break our addiction. And the way to break our  addiction is to just move to the kinds of transportation, automotive,  U.S. Postal Service vehicles that don't need oil and still get you just  where you want to go.   So that is our challenge right now. And we need to protect  everything--everything--our health, our environment, our economy, our  national security, and our own morality by ensuring that we move in  this direction.   And we need to protect our planet and our Postal Service by putting a  ``Forever Stamp'' on our transportation future, a fleet of battery- operated electric vehicles that will usher in a clean vehicle  revolution in America and destroy the demand for oil and gas so that  the business model of Russia is destroyed.   This is the weapon that we can be using. This is the message we  should be sending to the rest of the world. So I urge the White House,  the U.S. Postal Service, and the Congress to take any and all possible  steps to right this wrong decision from Louis DeJoy. The U.S. Postal  Service needs to tear up this deal and buy a clean fleet, and if it  doesn't, it needs to get a clean start without Louis DeJoy, who is  looking at the world in a rearview mirror.   You have to look straight ahead to this all-electric vehicle future.  Let's ensure that the Postal Service's next-generation delivery  vehicles create a livable world for the next generation, not only of  America but as a model for what the rest of the world has to do.   What I hear from my Republican friends, what I hear from the American  petroleum industry is, well, the Biden administration should just open  up more leases to drill for oil, open up more leases immediately for  more drilling.   Well, here is the problem with the Republican Party; here is the  problem with the American Petroleum Institute: The oil industry, the  oil giants, have hoarded thousands and thousands of leases on public  lands all across the United States, and they have not drilled on them.   I have introduced legislation for years saying: Use it or lose it.  You want the lease? You say it is imperative? You are going to pay for  that lease and then you don't drill on it?   Do you know what they are doing? They just hoard all of that land,  and the land is the size of huge States in our country. That is how  much land they have right now or that is owned  [[Page S926]]  by the American people and leased to the oil companies.   So they want to start drilling? Why did you bid for all those leases  in the years gone by? Do you want to know why? They want to use this  whole Russia situation as an opportunity to get even more leases that  they won't drill on and to get them cheap and to create a false sense  of emergency here, when, if they want to drill, they have already got  all of the leases they would ever need. They have a backlog of 20 years  they haven't even started on.   So when you hear these crocodile tears from the American petroleum  industry, from the American prevarication industry, that is what it is  all about. If they wanted to drill, they would be drilling right now-- onshore, offshore. They have the leases. All they want to do is just  get more and more and more and cheaper and cheaper and cheaper from the  American people, while fighting to stop an all-electric vehicle  revolution, stop a wind and solar revolution in our country. That is  what their agenda is. That is what the American Petroleum Institute is  all about--it is stopping an all-electric revolution; it is stopping a  wind and solar revolution; it is stopping a battery revolution--because  it destroys their business model as well, while hoarding leases, not  drilling on them, and then coming in here hat in hand, demanding, in a  lot of ways, that we give them even more leases that they are not going  to drill on. They are just going to hoard it and save it for years,  decades, generations to come. It is sad. It is a sad commentary on  American corporate greed, but that is where we stand right now.   So just be prepared to hear more lies from the American oil industry,  lies that go right to the heart of what we really have to do as  Americans for the next generation, and that is to stand up to those oil  companies, stand up to the Russian oil oligarchs, and say: We are  moving away from you historically. That is what young people in our  country want. They want us to unleash our technological innovation  genius in order to solve this problem, and it is wind, it is solar and  all-electric vehicles and battery storage technologies. And it is a  moral challenge for us. It is a national security challenge for us. It  is an environmental challenge for us. It is an economic challenge for  us.   We can already see the impact this oil control of the global economy  has upon ordinary consumers in America and the rest of the world.  Inflation is spiking--oil. Russia is invading Ukraine--oil. A new U.N.  report says that we now have an evermore dangerous warming of our  planet--oil. And what did they do? They continued to lie. They  continued to try to control our agenda so that we cannot pass the  legislation to unleash our technological genius. That is our greatest  strength. Their greatest strengths are their natural resources, but  ultimately, our greatest renewable resources are the brains of the  American people, especially the younger people, because if they were  unleashed to invent and deploy all of these new technologies, it would  revolutionize not just our country but revolutionize the whole rest of  the world.   We gave the young people in our country in the 1990s and the early  2000s a chance to do that with our telecommunications system. It is now  called the internet. It is called broadband. Young people did that. We  have to give the same opportunity to young people to do the same thing  so that we back out the oil, we revolutionize the way in which we  transport ourselves, and we give hope to the rest of the planet that  the United States is going to use all of its resources to accomplish  that goal.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object and to  explain why to my colleagues here in the Senate.   This is an unfortunate, terrible exploitation of a crisis in Russia  by the oil and natural gas industry of the United States of America.  They have no shame. They have no conscience. They have no sense of  decency.   This industry, this unscrupulous industry led by the American  Petroleum Institute--really the ``American Prevarication Institute,''  which is what we are hearing here today and what we have heard on  airways with tens of millions of dollars of television ads saying we  have just got to ``drill, baby, drill'' here in the United States, that  that is the answer to the invasion of Ukraine by the Russians.   Well, a few facts might be helpful so that the American people can  understand, once again, that all the American Petroleum Institute is  about is tipping consumers upside down at the pump and shaking money  out of their pockets. That is who they are.   So just a few facts here: The oil industry in the United States has  bid for leases on American public lands. Right now, 53 percent of the  leases that the oil industry, the natural gas industry of the United  States have onshore in our country--in our forests, in our fields--they  are not drilling on them.   Fifty-three percent of all the leases that they have from the  American people, have they been drilling to protect us against this  day? No, they have not.   What about offshore? Well, offshore, the oil industry is not using 77  percent of all of their existing leases off our shores. Right now. And  what do they do? They come in here with crocodile tears, if only you  would give us more leases, if only you would take more of the American  people's land and give it to us, then we will drill.   Well, this is just hypocrisy on stilts. This is just, again, the  American Petroleum Institute engaging in exploitative profit-making  actions, and the Republican Party, sadly, is cooperating with them in  this time of crisis for the short-term benefit of the American  Petroleum Institute--which should hang its head in shame about this  debate that we are having right now, when 77 percent of all the leases  offshore they haven't drilled yet; 53 percent of all the leases onshore  they haven't drilled yet.   And by the way, that area, you want to know how big it is? It is just  slightly smaller than the State of Arkansas. In other words, they have  got almost an Arkansas of public lands that they already own, they are  already leasing from the American public, and they are not drilling on  it. That would be every square inch of Arkansas. They are not drilling.   What they do is they bid low for all the leases. They keep them. They  wait for the day when the price goes high. Then they start drilling.  They just hoard them. And they are looking for this as another  opportunity to hoard more--to hoard more.    Now, the President has responded by deploying the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve in the short term. There are 600,000 barrels of oil a day that  come into the United States. Thank God our Strategic Petroleum Reserve  has 600 million barrels; in other words, you can deploy 600,000 barrels  every day for 1,000 days out of our Strategic Petroleum Reserve to make  up for the Russian oil. We can do that right now.   But one thing that we should never do is just get stampeded by this  oil and gas industry greed. This industry that has blocked our movement  to all-electric vehicles, blocked our movement to wind and solar,  blocked our ability to blunt the need to have oil for our vehicles,  natural gas for our homes because it is inconsistent with their  business interests, their profit-making. They should just be ashamed of  what they are doing here today--ashamed.   And the Republican Party should have no part of it. GOP should not  stand for ``Gas and Oil Party.'' That is what we are hearing here  today. That is what I am listening to.   And if we are going to respond, let's respond together as a nation.  Let's not break this down into partisan politics, special interest  politics in our country. Let's come together as a nation. Let's work to  ensure that we are protecting ourselves, that we are protecting  consumers.   And if the American Petroleum Institute wants to be part of this,  there is nothing stopping them from bringing out 2 or 3,000 rigs this  week, starting to drill on an area the size of Arkansas, waiting for  them, so the oil can start pumping--not waiting to go through a whole  leasing process, bidding process. They can do it right now. And you  know what is going to happen? They are just going to sit there because  they are making a bundle. They are tipping people upside down. They are  exploiting this.   And by the way, let's not understate the partnership which American  companies--some key oil companies--have with the Russians. That is  real, too, right now. Let's just not forget the whole history of this.  How do we get here? How do we get bad foreign policy? How do we get bad  national policy? How do we get bad oil and gas policy? How do we get  it? Well, ultimately, behind the curtain in almost every instance you  find an oil and gas interest somewhere involved.   And we are hearing it here today. We are hearing it here today. They  want to drill off the coast of Florida. They want to drill off the  coast of Maine or, at a minimum, they want the leases so they will be  ready someday to be able to do it. That is their goal. And meanwhile,  they just sit on their hands, not drilling, not drilling on an area the  size of Arkansas because they know the less they do that is the more  that we can create a panic in our country, with false answers--answers  that may work on FOX, but it doesn't work in reality. It just doesn't  work. It is just wrong--plain wrong--to be using this as an issue right  now for the benefit of the ``American Prevarication Institute.'' And  behind this whole curtain of dark  [[Page S938]]  money in our country looms the largest voice, which is the oil and gas  industry of our country.   So we have got a chance here. We have got a chance to respond in the  short run with the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, getting our allies to  produce more oil, asking our own American companies to produce more  oil, and then passing out here on the floor the tax breaks for all- electric vehicles.   Now, I will give you a little number. If we just deploy 15 million  all-electric vehicles, we would back out all the oil from Russia, just  15 million all-electric vehicles. The next 15 million backs out all of  the Saudi oil. The next 15 million backs out all of the oil from the  Middle East.   You want to do something? You want to terrify them? You want to  destroy their business model in Russia or the Middle East? That is what  you should be doing. But, no, what we hear from the Republicans is we  are not going to support any of that agenda: no money for wind, no  money for solar, no money for all-electric vehicles, no money for new  battery storage technologies--no, no, no, no to the long-term solution  for the next generation of Americans, young people, pages here in the  well who want to know what is the plan for the long term.   So that is the sad fact of what is happening here today on the floor.  So, from my perspective, we don't need to be throwing good land and  waters at bad actors in our society. It just is wrong. We shouldn't do  it. And as a result, I object to the motion of the Senator from  Arkansas.   