 Mr. Speaker, I echo the comments of both Congressman Bost  and Congressman Davis. It is bittersweet to be here tonight to honor  the life of Vicki Dixon, who was a friend to many in Illinois and here  in Washington, D.C.   Vicki passed away too early, but I am glad we have the opportunity  tonight to pay tribute to her wonderful career, her generosity, and her  support of so many.   I thank you, Congressman Davis, for organizing this Special Order.   When you think about Vicki Dixon and her career, you can't help but  think about Illinois. She was a native of Shelbyville, Illinois. Vicki  felt a call to service at a very young age. From 1979 to 1989, Vicki  worked for former Illinois Congressman Dan Crane and then went on to  work for Mr. Derwinski at the Department of Veterans Affairs before  serving at the Interior Department until she retired in 2016. She  served many different Secretaries at the Department of the Interior.   Vicki was a proud Illinois Republican, and she always supported the  party back there and many of our candidates and elected officials.  Vicki was integral in the development of something called the Lincoln  Series. The Lincoln Series was a leadership program for young  Republican women in Illinois dedicated to increasing the number of  young Republican women serving in government and political positions.  That Lincoln Series would not have happened without Vicki Dixon.   There are many people that graduated from the Lincoln Series, so we  owe a debt of gratitude to so many people that Vicki helped touch by  that program. It was just one of many things that Vicki did that was  impactful on so many different folks.   Vicki was known to many of us here in the Halls of Congress for her  work specifically at the Department of the Interior and the Capitol  Hill Club.   Many of us got to know Vicki. Vicki was very involved with the  Capitol Hill Club and many of our activities over there. Vicki was  always kind and generous, had a smile on her face, and was willing to  help.   Vicki will be sorely missed by everyone who knew her here in D.C.  and, of course, back home in Illinois. My prayers remain with Vicki's  family. May she rest in peace.  [[Page H327]]        