 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I rise today to oppose the previous question so we can immediately  consider H.R. 1255 and bring forward my good friend Mr. Guest's  resolution that will support the brave men and women in the U.S. Border  Patrol.   I think it is the right time to be talking about fires, the right  time to be talking about not only fires in the literal sense of the  fires that have affected my district, but, also, fires in the  figurative sense that I believe our President has led us into,  especially when it comes to the fires that are going on at our border.   In the figurative sense, if you were there last year as I was under  the bridge in Del Rio--and I wish that more of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle would actually join us to see those ``fires''  that are going on every single day with the thousands, the hundreds of  thousands of people that are crossing illegally.   The administration's policies have been a complete failure at every  single turn: the illicit drugs that are flowing into our country; the  over 100,000 people who have died needlessly as a result of fentanyl;  the known and suspected terrorists that have gotten into our country. I  believe the number that has been published by the administration is at  56, though it only took a handful to orchestrate the events of 9/11.   I spent the day talking to the National Narcotics Officers  Association. These officers from every walk of life, every corner of  this country, and every demographic are completely abandoned. They feel  abandoned by the Commander in Chief. If you want to  [[Page H7140]]  talk about a fire, let's talk about that fire. They feel abandoned  while they are trying to do their job. While the powers that be are  pursuing the wrong-headed policies, these brave men and women not only  of the Border Patrol, ICE, and other CBP officers, but, also, in every  law enforcement category are trying to restore law and order to our  country while we have the other side of the aisle in favor of  lawlessness and chaos. That is a fire that is worth talking about.   It was shocking when we heard President Biden before an investigation  was convened, before we knew the facts say: ``I promise you, those  people will pay,'' referring to the Border Patrol agents who were doing  their job to put out the figurative fires on the southern border. ``I  promise you, those people will pay.'' Can you imagine if President  Trump had said that? The outcry that would have happened, the outrage.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to right this  wrong against those Border Patrol agents, their reputations, and their  families. Their livelihoods and their careers need to be righted. They  have been completely exonerated, but where are my friends on the other  side of the aisle? What a shame to have that platform and to use that  platform to denigrate these people who are putting their lives on the  line to secure our country. They deserve better.    While others on the other side of the aisle may be laughing right now  at this discussion, I don't think it is funny, and the people that are  securing our country, those Border Patrol agents, certainly don't think  it is funny.   The American people deserve better. The Border Patrol agents deserve  better. Our law enforcement agents deserve better.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and to support  our law enforcement and Border Patrol.   