 Mr. President, it is another time for me to be back on  this floor again to talk about an issue I have talked about before, but  it is a little bit different this time.   I have brought to this floor several times and have asked for  unanimous consent for a very, very simple bill called the Conscience  Protection Act. The Conscience Protection Act is a bill that would  protect religious liberty and freedom and conscience benefits for  healthcare workers across the country. It is really not that  controversial. In fact, let me show you how noncontroversial this  really is.   When the church amendments, years ago--decades ago, even--were put in  by Congress to be able to protect the conscience rights of individuals  and entities that object to performing or assisting an abortion or a  sterilization in violation of their religious belief and conscience,  that passed this body 92 to 1. So 92 to 1, this body voted and said: Of  course, we want to protect the rights of individuals and not have to be  compelled to perform an abortion if it is against their moral faith.  That seems normal. In a normal conversation everywhere else, that would  be straightforward and simple--until now.   Here is what is happening now: A nurse who had told her employer that  she did not want to perform an abortion, that she had a moral objection  to that, worked in this hospital. One day, the hospital was running  short on staff, and so they called her in, didn't tell her what the  procedure was, and when she walks into the surgery area, the doctor  looks at her and says: Don't hate me--meaning, we know full well what  your belief is--but we are short-staffed, and we need another nurse;  you are going to do this. The hospital informed her: You will lose your  job if you don't do this right now, when everyone knew what her moral  conviction was.   Now, the way that the law is set up, it is set up to say, for that  person who had an entity deliberately violate her moral conscience,  then the government steps in and presses against the employer and says:  You can't do that. That is the way it is supposed to work. In fact,  that is the way it was working until Xavier Becerra came in to HHS,  looked at the case, and dropped it and said: You get no recourse-- because the administration is pro-abortion. It doesn't matter what your  belief is; it is what the administration's belief is.   So the response to that is pretty straightforward: Allow an  individual who has been harmed to have what is called a private right  of action; that they don't have to wait for government to intervene on  their behalf to have a private right of action so that an individual,  if government doesn't intervene on their behalf, they can intervene.   I have brought that to this floor several times, and I have been  told: That is controversial. That is divisive. Then this week,  President Biden signed the Respect for Marriage Act on the White House  lawn with a special feature in it called a private right of action. So  if individuals who felt--and the language says--that they were harmed  because of the disagreement of others on their same-sex marriage, they  didn't have to wait on government to be able to intervene on their  behalf; they could do it.   I was told this was belt-and-suspenders. I was told, of course, the  government is going to step in on their behalf; but in case they don't,  they need a private right of action so that they can stand up for their  own beliefs.   It is fascinating to me that what I have asked for for people of  conscience who don't want to perform abortions but are compelled to do  so by their employer, that was a radical concept, that we couldn't have  a private right of action for them, but it was required in the Respect  for Marriage Act. In fact, I brought an amendment to take that out to  say: This is going to lead to a lot of lawsuits. And my colleagues  said: Oh, no. Oh, no. And voted against that.   So now I am going to ask a very simple question: Is this body going  to give a private right of action to some people they philosophically  believe in, but other people they philosophically don't believe in  don't get that same right? Are we going to discriminate today against  people of faith and say: You do not get this right; other people do?  That is my simple question for today.   This is not a radical request. This is a real-life issue that is  occurring right now, where this administration will not intervene on  behalf of individuals who have a religious, longstanding moral  objection to being compelled to perform an abortion.   Let's give them their private right of action so that employers don't  feel like this administration can look the other way and they can do  whatever they want to their employees or fire them, regardless of what  their religious beliefs are.   This used to not be a radical concept. It was 92 to 1. This is not  intended to be a radical concept today. It is a simple statement: Is  this body going to discriminate against people of faith today? That is  my question.   So, Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 401, and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Apparently, a woman has a right to control her own body  unless her boss compels her to perform an abortion, and then she no  longer has control over her own body--her boss does. And he can tell  her: Perform this abortion against your faith, or I will fire you--and  that is OK.   So choice seems to only go one way. If you choose to perform  abortions, you are accepted in our culture. If you believe a child with  10 fingers and 10 toes and a beating heart and unique DNA and a  functioning nervous system is actually a child, then you are an  outlier, and your opinion doesn't count. The only thing that counts is  you are compelled to take the life of more children and stand there and  watch it. I think that is wrong.   No, this bill doesn't get into--as Senator Murphy said, it doesn't  get into speaking out about the violence against abortion clinics or,  quite frankly, get into the violence on pregnancy resource centers that  have been firebombed by pro-abortion folks, who have been spray- painted, who have threatened and attacked people who want to give  sonograms to individuals who are pregnant. It doesn't deal with any of  those because, quite frankly, that is a different committee. That is  over in the Judiciary Committee.   This is a very narrow bill dealing with one simple topic. It doesn't  deal with everything on abortion. It doesn't decrease abortions in  America. It doesn't do anything like that. It is simple and  straightforward. It says: Is this government going to compel people to  violate their faith? Apparently, the answer today is yes from this  body; we don't care what you believe. I think that is sad, and I think  that shows how far we have moved as a nation when it used to be 92 to 1  that we would say: If you have a different opinion, that is OK in  America. But now you can't have a different opinion. That is not right.   I would hope this body would speak out and say at some point that we  respect all opinions in America and would speak out for the right of  conscience for people of faith.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to bring a date to this body to  [[Page S7215]]  think about. It is a day we have all known was coming for a very long  time, but there seems to be no urgency about this day. The day is  December 21.   If anybody is wondering: What is December 21; what is the big deal  about this date? I would say: That is the problem. December 21 is the  date that Title 42 authority ends on our southern border.   What is title 42 authority? Everybody in this body knows this, but  title 42 is a temporary pandemic-related authority at our southern  border to be able to deal with individuals that are coming across the  border that they could be turned around. That authority was put in by  the previous administration and has remained in this administration but  has been chipped away, and as of December 21, that authority goes away.   So what happens on that day? Well, the best estimate we got initially  from DHS is it would move from about 6,000 people a day illegally  crossing the border to 18,000 a day illegally crossing the border at  that time. But, realistically, now they won't give us an estimate at  all.   So let me just put this in context where we are at our southwest  border right now, because for a year and a half I have asked Secretary  Mayorkas: What happens when title 42 authority goes away, because it is  temporary? What is your plan? And for 2 years almost, I have gotten: We  are working on it. We are very aware it is temporary, and it will go  away at some point. We have a plan.   And then, months ago, they came out with their six-point plan. Let me  read their six-point plan to you.   The six-point plan of what to do at the termination of title 42 is:  Acquire and deploy resources to address increased volumes of migrants.  In other words, be prepared to handle the number coming at them.   No. 2: Deliver more efficient and fair immigration processing.   No. 3: Use expedited removal to process and remove those who don't  have a valid asylum claim.   No. 4: Work with other Western Hemisphere governments to address the  root causes of migration.   No. 5: Bolster NGO capacity--that is to be able to handle the flow.   No. 6: Target and disrupt cartels.   All those are fine. My question is, Are they working?   When Alejandro Mayorkas was in front of the committee just a few  weeks ago, I asked him: title 42 is going away December 21st; what is  your plan? And he repeated this back. The problem is, they already  implemented these six items and the flow continues to accelerate.   Again, let me put this in perspective, because it is hard to be able  to wrap your head around the numbers. During the Obama administration,  there was a massive surge in the number of people illegally crossing  the border. That was the time many people in this body fully remember,  when there were additional detention facilities that were opened up.  There was a big push to be able to increase the capacity during that  time period. That massive surge on the border during the Obama  administration was in 2014, and it was 569,000 people a year. That was  a crisis-level. Jeh Johnson came out and said: This is a crisis-level  surge. It was 569,000 people that year who illegally crossed the  border.   To put that in context, we have had that many people illegally cross  the border in the last 2 months. What the Obama administration called  ``a crisis'' over 12 months, we have had in the last 2. We have well  over 2 million people a year that are illegally crossing the border  now, and in the last 2 months since the nearing of Title 42 is coming,  that number is rapidly increasing.   During the Obama administration, they called it a crisis if there  were 1,500 people illegally crossing the border a day; we are now  approaching 9,000 people illegally crossing the border a day.   And when I ask, ``What is the plan?'' I get: Well, we have this six- point plan.   Here is the problem: When I dig a little bit deeper--and we have been  digging deeper to be able to find out how this is working--currently,  there are no cooperative agreements with other countries to be able to  return back individuals who are coming to our country where we don't  have a relationship. I know it is on their plan to get it at some  point. We don't have it, and December 21 is next week.   All the work to be done to increase NGO capacity and processing  capacity? That is happening. How to move people into the country  faster? That is actually true. In fact, newspaper reports even as  recently as today have reported that ICE agents are being told to  release lower-level prisoners that they are currently holding to be  able to allow more surge capacity for processing individuals after the  21st of December.   That is today's news.   So they are gearing up to expedite processing people into the  country. They are just not slowing down the number of people coming  into the country or providing a deterrent.   Other than this one comment that was made to my staff this week when  we asked point blank on the expedited removal process and they said:  Yes, we are actually increasing the number of people that we use for  expediting removal.   That sounds great until you check the facts on it. Here are the  facts: This administration, in this year, the number of people that  they have declared ``expedited removal'' they have actually removed,  from those folks, 7 percent of the people--7 percent--that were  declared expedited removal.   Again, let me go back to the Obama administration and set this in  context. In 2015, in the Obama administration's expedited removal, they  were removing 69 percent of the people in 1 year. That is not an  anomaly year, that is typical of people that were declared expedited  removal who they were actually removing.   This administration is using the term ``expedited removal'' so people  will think, ``Oh, they are doing something,'' except only 7 percent  have actually been removed.   Now, listen: We have a wide diversity of opinion in this body about  what needs to happen in immigration.   I don't run into a lot of people that like what is happening on our  southern border right now. It is chaos.   I personally asked the Secretary of Homeland Security: How many  people who are crossing our border right now--of the 2 million-plus  last year, how many of those individuals have we done a background  check on from their home country?   His answer to me in the hearing was: Let me get back to you on that.   By the way, I already know the answer to that, and so does he. It is  zero.   We do background checks on individuals when they cross our border to  see if they have criminal records in the United States or if they are  on a terror watch list, but we have no idea, as to the 2 million  individuals who have crossed our border, if they were fleeing poverty  or fleeing justice. We have no idea. We know they paid the cartels to  be able to get through Mexico, and then we literally ushered them into  the country. On the 21st of this December, the problem accelerates even  more.   To this body, I say: We have four times as many people illegally  crossing our border now than during the Obama administration when they  called it a crisis. Right now, we have four times as many people  coming. On December 21, the problem gets worse because we cannot as a  body speak to this issue and say: Stop.   I don't know what it is going to take in our Nation because this is  not a partisan issue across the country. It is just not. I run into  people of all parties and all backgrounds who say: I am all in on legal  immigration. I just think we should know who is coming through the  door--is that so unfair?--or have some way of processing people to be  able to know.   Again, I have had folks say to me: What happens to these folks?   Well, let me tell you the current process because the Biden  administration continues to say: We are going to fight against all of  the push-and-pull factors for these individuals who are coming.   Can I tell you what the pull factor is? This is not hard.   The pull factor is, right now, as for the vast majority of the folks  who cross the border illegally, the Biden administration is processing  them as fast as they can. The fastest way to process them is to give  them what is called parole, and that is for the vast majority. Now,  this is a different process from what previous Presidents have done--of  all parties. They are processing individuals for speed to be able to  give them parole. Parole gets them across  [[Page S7216]]  the border quickly. They hand them a document and give them a work  permit that day. That day, they get a work permit. Then they are told  to check in at ICE, but the next appointment at ICE, right now, is 5  years in the future. Once they check in with ICE 5 years from now, then  they are put in the next line to get to a Federal court to make their  asylum claims. That is currently 10 years out.   Can I explain to you what is happening? This is not hard.   We are handing out American work permits at the border to people we  have done no vetting for, ushering them into the country, and saying:  We will check your asylum claim 15 years from now. Then, for some  reason, it is a mystery as to why we are getting 2 million people  illegally crossing the border.   It is no mystery. We happen to live in the greatest country in the  world, and everybody in the world wants to come here. This is not a  mystery. This is why no President has done an asylum policy like this.  This is why no President in the past has managed the border like this-- because we would have a massive rush at the border. On December 21, a  bad situation gets worse, and this body just yawns and says it is no  big deal. It is. When this blows up in our country's face, all of us  are going to have to answer for it.   Now, to be frank, the vast majority of the people who are coming  across our border illegally are just trying to connect with family who  are already here--also illegally present, but they are just trying to  connect with family here.   They have got job opportunities and want to be able to come for the  job opportunities. I completely respect that. They are individuals from  around the world who can make 10 times as much money if they cross our  border and come into the country. I understand the pull factor of that,  but we do have a legal process whereby we manage that, in theory. But  who cares about the legal process anymore when you can just pay a  cartel and come into the country illegally?   The cartels on our southern border are some of the most ruthless  cartels in the world. May I remind this body of what we all know full  well: The State Department does a listing for every country in the  world about Americans' ``travel and do not travel.'' A level 1 is  Canada. A level 4 is Syria and Yemen: ``Don't go there. We can't get  you out.'' We all know that ranking full well. May I remind you that  the states just south of our border in Mexico have a level 4 rating  from the State Department, warning Americans not to travel in that area  just south of our border.   Why do they have that rating from the State Department? Because a  ruthless set of cartels runs several of those states. The State  Department is advising all Americans: ``Do not travel there because it  is not safe for you, and we cannot get you out.'' Those are the cartels  that are being paid by all of the trafficking coming in.   Last year, when I was there, I asked the Border Patrol: Have you been  able to track how much the cartel just immediately to your south--this  was in McAllen, TX. Can you track how much that particular cartel makes  from trafficking people into the country?   Their response was: Yes, we do interviews with folks. We know how  much they are making.   So what is the number?   They said: The cartel just in this area--not along the whole 2,000- mile border but just in this area south of McAllen, TX--makes $152  million a week from trafficking people into our country.   Our open immigration system is enriching some of the most ruthless  cartels in the world, and we are currently doing nothing to stop it.  Just wait until December 21 comes. Then let's see what happens.   I yield the floor.   