 Mr. President, I am so glad to be with my colleagues on  the floor on this most important day discussing a most important topic,  and I want to say particularly that I am glad to follow my friend from  Texas. The senior Senator from Texas is a friend. We have traveled  together. We have legislated together. But friends can disagree, and on  this topic we disagree strongly.   Life throws ironies at us. The Senator from Texas inhabits the seat  that was held by Lyndon Baines Johnson--Lyndon Baines Johnson--the  towering figure who helped usher through the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  I inhabit a seat that for years was called the Byrd seat in the Senate,  inhabited for 50 years by Harry Byrd, Sr., and Harry Byrd, Jr., who  were known for their virulent efforts to deprive African Americans of  civil rights, including frequent extended filibusters on this floor  against voting rights.   LBJ is held in high regard today because of his passion for voting  rights.   Harry Byrd--I was at the State capitol in Richmond on Saturday to see  our new Governor inaugurated, and I walked by the spot on the capitol  grounds where a Harry Byrd statue used to stand. It was removed 6  months ago. The Harry Byrd Middle School in Henrico County was renamed  5 years ago to the Quioccasin Middle School.   The Harry Byrd, Jr. School of Business at the Shenandoah University  in Winchester, their hometown, had that name stripped off the building  a few years ago.   And I stand to follow the Senator who holds LBJ's seat--the Senator  from the Byrd seat--to today argue that the time has come for us to  protect voting rights.   I am just happy to be on the floor talking about a bill. I mean, for  gosh sake, we have been able to talk about voting rights in the morning  hour. Mr. Leader, I have been here since January of 2013. This is the  first time since then that we have been able to get a bill on the floor  to talk about voting rights.   And I am going to admit something to you guys that will not surprise  you because you know me: I am incredibly naive. At age 63, I am still  incredibly naive.   I came to the Senate in 2013. One of the first things that happened  was the Supreme Court of the United States struck down the preclearance  provision of the Voting Rights Act in the Shelby v. Holder case. It  happened when I had been here about 6 months.   And the Supreme Court said: But Congress can fix this. Preclearance  is fine. You just shouldn't use a geographical requirement that dates  back to 1965. Just come up with a new standard for which jurisdictions  should have to preclear voting changes, and make it even-steven.   So we quickly did come up with something: You only have to get  preclearance if you have had a history of voting rights problems in the  last 10 years. If you don't, no preclearance. We will treat every ZIP  Code--north, west, east, south, midwest--exactly the same.   We came up with it, and we went to Republicans. We went to  Republicans knowing they were a great voting rights party--the 14th  Amendment, the 15th Amendment, the 19th Amendment. The women's vote  happened in a Democratic administration but with Republican support.  The 26th Amendment--so 18-year-olds can vote--happened in the Nixon  administration.   But especially the Voting Rights Act, it wouldn't have happened  without rock-solid Republican support. It was always reauthorized with  Republican support.   So at this moment when the act is gutted, we go to Republicans and  say: All you have to do is be consistent with the history of your party  and help us fix the Voting Rights Act.   One. In the House, in the Senate, where is this 150-year history of  supporting voting rights? Only one--only the senior Senator from  Alaska, Senator Murkowski, would join in this effort.   I was so naive. I was so naive. But we are here today, and we have an  opportunity. Why are we here? We know why we are here.   After preclearance was struck down, there began to be an escalating  avalanche of laws to make it harder for  [[Page S288]]  people to vote. Then we had a President who did a frontal assault on  democracy itself: demeaning the democracy; attacking election  officials; trying to dig up dirt on a Presidential opponent from a  foreign country; refusing to concede; filing meritless lawsuits;  bringing about threats against election officials; violence in the  Capitol, against the Capitol, against these Members, against the  staffers, against Capitol Police, against our democracy; repeated  efforts in States around the country to roll back; violent threats  against election officials that persist even to today.   That is why we are here. We are standing exactly in the same spot as  that Senate stood in 1965: disenfranchisement efforts, coalesced by a  galvanizing action of violence--the beating of John Lewis on the Edmund  Pettus Bridge in Selma, AL. We have an avalanche of disenfranchisement  galvanized by an act of violence--the attack on this democracy, the  physical attack on January 6.   The time to act is now.   Let me respond quickly to some comments I have heard from colleagues  this morning, particularly Senator Cornyn. You have heard again and  again this theme that the bills we are attempting are a Federal  takeover of elections. They use that--federalizing elections, a Federal  takeover of elections.   So here comes the history quiz part of my speech. Both Senators  Durbin and Klobuchar have referred to this and read it, and I am going  to do it again: ``The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for  Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the  Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or  alter such Regulations.''   How many times--how many times in the Constitution--can you read the  phrase ``at any time''? The Constitution gives enormous powers to  Congress in article I, enormous powers to the President in article II,  powers to the judiciary in article III, powers to the States, powers to  voters. It is sort of assumed, when those powers are given, that they  can be exercised at any time.   But in one occasion--in one occasion only--the Framers decided: We  had really better spell out ``at any time.'' The only use of that  phrase in the Constitution is to put an exclamation point, essentially,  after the notion that Congress must be able to act at any time to alter  or make regulations with respect to the Federal vote.   Senator Cornyn said that 94 percent of people were happy after the  November 2020 elections. Then why has the GOP decided to systematically  weaken votes, take votes away, put obstacles in the path, kick out  duly-sworn election officials, and put decisionmaking in other people's  hands?   Senator Cornyn said that this was a partisan effort. Partisan?  Partisan? One of the chapters of our bill is nonpartisan redistricting.  That is partisan?   Another part of our bill is complete transparency in all campaign  contributions. How is that partisan? Go poll any Republican, Democrat,  Independent populous about what they think of transparency in campaign  contributions. It is overwhelmingly popular. We have made some of these  changes in Virginia. Thank goodness that this bill would allow it.   We just had a Governor's race. Turnout went up by 20 percent, and a  Republican won. It wasn't my candidate. It was good for democracy.   This is not a partisan bill, even if the Republicans won't stand up  for it.   Finally, the Republican leader and Senator Cornyn started off with a  lengthy ``Well, why won't you work on other stuff, like stuff about  COVID, stuff about the economy?'' My memory is pretty good. I think we  were here in March dealing with a significant bill that was about  vaccinations and COVID and support for small businesses and a whole  series of things--hospitals, educational aid. How many Republicans  voted for that bill, the American Rescue Plan--you know, the one that  was COVID and the economy? None. Why don't we pay attention to some  other stuff? Well, we have been, generally with little support.   I will close and say this: Congress may at any time, by law, make or  alter such regulations--at any time. If not after the Supreme Court  cuts the heart out of the Voting Rights Act, when? If not after an  avalanche of State legislation carving back voting rights, when? If not  after a violent attack, unprecedented in the history of this country,  on the Capitol of the United States to disenfranchise 80 million people  and disrupt the peaceful transfer of power, when? If not after  subsequent Big Lies leading to action in State legislatures all over  this country, when?   We may act to protect Federal elections at any time. We are here for  such a time, and the time to act is now.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Montana.    Mr. President, if I might respond.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Virginia.    Senator Cotton, what Angus said.   And I am so glad that Senator Lankford has stayed in the room because  you have been saying we changed our position. You just really need to  read the letter. And I do appreciate that you put it up because others  were referring to the letter without doing that. The operative phrase  is exactly what you read: ``We are united in our determination to  preserve the ability of Members to engage in extended debate when bills  are on the Senate floor.''   We couldn't even debate this bill. You guys wouldn't let us. You kept  using the 60-vote block on the motion to proceed so that we couldn't  get on the bill.   In the 5 years since 2017, many of us have come to realize, this is  what we want, but the current abuse of Senate rules is blocking us from  having discussions about voting rights or about matters that you think  are important.   This is still what we want. We want the ability to have extended  debate when bills are on the Senate floor. That is what the motion will  eventually be about when we vote on it later today, to move to a  talking filibuster instead of a secret filibuster.   The way to look at the rule change that we are going to contemplate  later is, if you really love the filibuster--and the word  ``filibuster'' isn't in this letter at all, but if you really love the  filibuster, do you demand that it stay secret or should it be carried  out open, publicly, in view of the voters and your Senate colleagues?  That is what the vote will be.   We have listened to those of you who have said don't abolish the  filibuster, don't nuke the filibuster, don't blow up the filibuster,  don't weaken the filibuster, and the only change we propose is that the  filibuster be a public filibuster, not a secret one.   So you stood on the floor and asked if we would join you in that  operative phrase, ``engage in extended debate when bills are on the  Senate floor.'' The combination of the block on the motion to proceed,  together with the paper pocket filibuster, where people do not have to  show up to speak, much less to vote, we can restore the filibuster,  frankly, to what it was during the vast majority of the Senate's  history and require that people actually do it and be accountable to  their colleagues and to the public. And that is what we propose to do.    Mr. President, I am glad that a number of my Republican  colleagues are in the Chamber because I am going to speak very briefly  just to reassure you that I am not so immodest that I believe I am  going to persuade you, but I do want to try to reassure you.   We are going to take up a rules reform proposal that will not blow up  the Senate. We are going to take up a rules reform proposal that will  not abolish the filibuster, that will not weaken the filibuster. We are  going to take up a proposal that will show you, even if you are not  persuaded, that we have been listening to you, that we have been  listening to all of our colleagues, as we try to come up with a rules  reform proposal to let us address the voting rights issue.   I am glad to see Senator Collins and Senator Coons here on the floor.  They helped put together the 2017 letter that many of us signed. It is  very carefully worded, and it is two paragraphs. What they got us to  join together as bipartisan Senators to express was our united  determination to preserve the ability of Members to engage in extended  debate when bills are on the Senate floor--extended debate when bills  are on the Senate floor--and that is what our rules reform proposal  will do.   The simplest way to understand it--and Senator Merkley is going to go  into more detail--is that it switches the current secret filibuster  into a public filibuster and makes both parties have to work on the  floor. The majority has to work and the minority has to work on the  floor to get the kind of extended public debate that we joined together  to seek in the letter in 2017.   Let's face it. We don't really do this. The current rules are an  obstacle to extended debate because you just vote down the motion to  proceed, and you can't even get on a bill. Then, if you do get on a  bill, the 60-vote cloture threshold is used, with confidence, by a  filibustering minority. You don't even have to show up to debate  because there is an awareness that you can't get 60 votes to terminate  debate. So, instead of trying to change the rule about terminating  debate--which, as my colleague Senator Manchin pointed out, to  terminate debate has always required more than a simple majority--we  are going to restore actually having debate, and when debate is  finished, the rules of this Senate have always been, when debate is  finished, even after a long time, passage is by a simple majority.   Our proposal is to restore a talking filibuster, which has been the  history of this Senate over the vast majority of our history, and to  make a simple change to make it public rather than secret so that our  colleagues and the American public can understand and then hold us  accountable for our actions.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Maine.   