 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bill that I  introduced with my colleague from Michigan (Mr. Upton), the bipartisan  Active Shooter Alert Act that we introduced along with 14 Democrats and  14 Republicans--fully bipartisan.   This bill is a commonsense piece of public safety legislation that  police have asked for over and over and over again and that we are past  due in delivering to them. It is so clear that they need it.   Between 2000 and 2020 there were close to 400 active shooter events  with 40 active shooter incidents in 2020 alone. Last year we saw 61  active shooter events.   We see what this looks like in our communities. This past April a  shooter gunned down 10 people in a New York City subway and then was on  the run for 29 hours. On July 4 another shooter gunned down parade  goers in Highland Park, Illinois, and evaded arrest for 8 hours. Those  are just two examples of the most recent ones.   This doesn't even include the shooters who were at large for hours  and hours in Midland and Odessa in 2019 and the Atlanta, Georgia, area  in 2021; Kalamazoo, Michigan, in 2016; and in too many other life-and- death situations for our communities.   Active shooter emergencies have become so common that we barely even  register them anymore. We have become numb to them and starting to view  them as statistics. We cannot let this become normal. And law  enforcement can't and won't get used to these horrific incidents  because police are the ones who have to respond to every single  shooting. We left them to turn to platforms like Twitter and Facebook  to let the public know there is a shooter out there.   That is why law enforcement organizations from all across the country  are asking for this bill.    Enough is enough.   We want to talk about supporting our law enforcement?   Give them what they ask for.   Stop acting like you are experts about responding to active shooting.  They are. They risk their lives every day doing it.   This bill creates and makes available to local law enforcement an  AMBER Alert-like program for active shooter events. It will provide  departments with cutting-edge technology to send notifications to our  smartphones and let communities know if there is an active shooter in a  certain area.   In addition to this system, the bill calls for the development of  best practices so that departments know how to send alerts in the most  effective and safest way possible.   We already have this type of alert infrastructure available at the  Federal level. Let's maximize its potential to save lives and give  officers the tools they need to keep their communities safe.   Developing this kind of technology and infrastructure and identifying  best practices would be a massive undertaking for many local  departments and for some communities. They simply don't have the  resources to do it on their own.   And nothing--let me repeat--nothing in this bill is mandatory for law  enforcement agencies to adopt. So if a local department determines that  this program isn't a good fit for their community, they simply don't  have to use it. But for the officers out there who do want it, let's  deliver to them.   We have to give law enforcement every tool they need to neutralize  these threats and keep our communities safe. This bill helps do that in  a simple and effective way. It is not complicated. It simply adds a  tool to the tool belt of law enforcement all across the country  regardless of their size or location to be used voluntarily.   When there is an active shooter situation, law enforcement does all  they can to keep people in the surrounding area safe. They organize to  search for shooters posing the threat, they shut down streets and  buildings and provide first response to victims, and they go door to  door to either evacuate or tell people to shelter in place. But that  takes time--time that could cost lives.   In these stressful life-or-death situations, law enforcement are too  often relying on social media to warn people so that no one  accidentally walks into the line of fire or a crime scene. Law  enforcement deserves better than Twitter to communicate with the  community they serve.   I am proud this bill has the endorsement of law enforcement agencies  all across the country, including the Fraternal Order of Police, the  National Police Foundation, the National Sheriffs' Association, the  Major Cities Chiefs Association, the National Association of Police  Officers, and the National Association of District Attorneys, just to  name a few.   There has been resounding bipartisan support. I thank all of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have supported this  commonsense measure. I thank, again, my friend and colleague, Mr.  Upton, for working on this bill. I encourage all of you to give law  enforcement the tools they need to keep themselves and communities  safe.   Do not listen to this nonsense about trying to take peoples' guns or  give the Biden Justice Department money. It has nothing to do with  that. It is about alerting people when there is a dangerous active  shooting happening in their community so we can save peoples' lives. It  is plain and simple.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment,  which clarifies that the statutory rights of servicemembers and their  families under the Servicemember Civil Relief Act, or SCRA (SICK-RUH),  cannot be waived through forced arbitration unless arbitration is  agreed to by both parties after a dispute arises.  [[Page H6448]]    American servicemembers, veterans, and their families have sacrificed  much in service to our country. They have fought to protect the  fundamental idea that we are a nation of laws and institutions that  guarantee the rights and prosperity of every American.   Since the Second World War, Congress has created many laws, including  SCRA, to expand and strengthen rights and protections for service  members, veterans, and their families. These laws are essential  protections that guarantee every veteran and active-duty service  member--including Reservists and the National Guard--the right to be  free from workplace discrimination because of their military service  and the right to their day in court.   We are a stronger nation because of these rights.   But for too long, forced arbitration has eroded them by funneling  service members' claims under the law into a private system set up by  corporations.   Buried deep within the fine print of everyday contracts, forced  arbitration clauses strip our brave men and women in uniform--as well  as their family members--of their right to their their day in court to  hold corporations accountable for breaking the law.   SCRA prevents landlords from enacting eviction proceedings, mortgage  holders from foreclosing on a home, and lenders from repossessing a  vehicle while a member of our armed forces is on active duty. However,  forced arbitration clauses embedded in leases, mortgages, and titles  prevent accountability for bad actors who take advantage of our  servicemembers while they protect our country.   Charles Beard is just one or our nation's servicemen who was stripped  of his rights because of forced arbitration. While Mr. Beard, a former  Sergeant in the Army National Guard, was on tour in Iraq, the bank  repossessed his family car in clear violation of SCRA. It was the only  vehicle his wife and five children could rely on.   When he attempted to hold the bank accountable for violating the law,  they forced his claim into arbitration, citing a clause in Mr. Beard's  contract that he was required to sign to purchase the car. This  clause--which he was not able to negotiate--waived his constitutional  right to a jury trial. Mr. Beard tells his story better than I could. I  quote him here:   ``The bank didn't care that they violated the law. When I returned  home, I found a lawyer, Sergei who filed a class action against  Santander on behalf of myself and the hundreds of other servicemembers  who also had their vehicles illegally repossessed. We tried to hold  Santander publicly accountable, however, we were kicked out of court  due to a forced arbitration agreement. Instead, I was forced into an  arbitration hearing individually and over the phone while I was in the  hospital after being wounded in Afghanistan. . . . There are reasons  why servicemembers are given these protections. The last thing we need  on top of the immense pressure we are already under while deployed is  to worry about the wellbeing of our family and our finances back  home.''   This private system does not have the same procedural safeguards of  our justice system. It is not subject to oversight, it does not have  strong evidentiary standards, it does not have a judge or jury, it is  not bound by laws passed by Congress or the states, and it is cloaked  in secrecy. These clauses allow companies to choose their arbiter and  venue while denying service members any right to appeal.   This is nothing short of a corporate takeover of our nation's system  of laws, and the American people have had enough. The overwhelming  majority of voters--including 83 percent of Democrats and 87 percent of  Republicans--support ending forced arbitration. It is time to act.   My bipartisan amendment would end this shameful practice by  clarifying that arbitration clauses are only enforceable if agreed to  by servicemembers or their families if all parties agree to go to  arbitration after a dispute arises, thereby protecting their rights  under the Servicemember Civil Relief Act.   Earlier this year, we enacted the ``Ending Forced Arbitration of  Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act,'' which ensures that millions  of people who have suffered and survived sexual misconduct will have  the opportunity to bring their case to court, not shuffled off into  secret, forced arbitration.   We have protected survivors of sexual harassment and assault from  forced arbitration. Now it is time to extend those same protections to  the brave men and women in uniform who defend our country and make sure  their rights that they fight to protect are enforceable in court.   I thank my colleagues, Congressmen Guy Reschenthaler, Jared Golden,  Anthony Brown, and Veterans' Affairs Committee Chairman Mark Takano for  their continued support for this important, bipartisan amendment.   This provision was incorporated into the NDAA in fiscal years 2020,  2021, and 2022, and I urge my colleagues to again support this  amendment and protect American servicemembers.    