 Madam Speaker, pursuant to the rule, I rise to offer  the Garamendi-Johnson amendment No. 89 to the America COMPETES Act.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, my amendment No. 89 is the Ocean Shipping Reform Act,  H.R. 4996, which the House passed under suspension of the rules on  December 8, 2021.   I introduced this legislation with Congressman Dusty Johnson of South  Dakota last summer to provide the first major overhaul of the Federal  rules for the global ocean shipping industry in nearly a quarter  century. We did this because American exporters have a serious and, in  some cases, an existential problem.   Many exporters cannot get a container to ship their goods. For those  who can get a container, they cannot get it on a ship.   Last Friday, a farmer in my district pleaded for help. His business  depends upon exporting his crop. He had worked with the normal  forwarding and shipping companies to no avail. His words were: ``I will  be out of business. I will lose my market. Help me.''   For months, I have heard similar words from the wine, almond, walnut,  beef, and other industries. I know that my colleague, Congressman  Johnson, has heard the same.   The Ocean Shipping Reform Act is the solution to this problem. And  the House has already acted, passing our bill by a strong bipartisan  vote of 364 yeas to 60 nays.   All but two members of the House Democratic Caucus voted for our  bill, and I am looking for them now to vote on this in a positive way.  Seventy percent of the Republican Conference also voted aye.   In short, this is among the most bipartisan bills considered in the  House this Congress, and it has the potential to get signed into law.   Congressman Johnson and I are offering our Ocean Shipping Reform Act  as an amendment to the America COMPETES Act, the House counterpart to  the U.S.-China competition bill passed by the Senate last summer.   The world has changed greatly since Congress last reformed the  Federal law governing the global ocean shipping industry. In late 2001,  the People's Republic of China was granted permanent normal trade  relations with the United States, the so-called most-favored-nation  status, following that country's admission to the WTO. The United  States' trade imbalance with the People's Republic of China grew from  approximately $83 billion in nominal dollars in 2001 to a trade  imbalance of over $310 billion in 2020, increasing nearly every year.   Our bipartisan legislation in this amendment would better support  American exporters by ensuring reciprocal trade to help reduce the  United States' longstanding trade imbalance with export-driven  countries.   There has also been considerable consolidation among the foreign- based ocean carriers, coinciding with the continued decline of the  U.S.-flagged international fleet in favor of foreign flags of  convenience. A handful of foreign-flagged ocean carriers now dominate  the global ocean shipping industry. Many of these foreign-flagged  carriers are effectively controlled by foreign governments: China,  Taiwan, and South Korea.   In 2021, as Americans endured monumental port congestion and supply  [[Page H932]]  chain problems, the largest foreign-flagged ocean carriers saw their  profits more than triple over the previous year. Last year, the China  Ocean Shipping Company, COSCO, reported annual profits nine times  greater than the company's earnings in the previous year.   Madam Speaker, I am here today to say, once again, that foreign  exporters' access to the American market and our consumers is a  privilege. It is not a right.   American agricultural exporters and other businesses are willing to  pay to ensure that their products reach the emerging market in the  Asia-Pacific region. In turn, companies looking to off-load foreign- made products at West Coast ports must provide opportunities for  American exports.   In 2019, America exported more than $21.7 billion in agricultural  products. Our farmers, ranchers, and producers in the Central Valley of  California and throughout the State have worked for decades to unlock  foreign export markets. That hard-won access to those valuable foreign  markets, particularly in East Asia and the Indo-Pacific, is now  threatened by the ocean carriers' anticompetitive and likely illegal  business practices.   Congress must ensure reciprocity in trade with other countries to  reduce the American trade imbalance, particularly with cheap imports  from Asia. Even during the pandemic, trade must be mutually beneficial,  and that is exactly what the Ocean Shipping Reform Act would ensure.   Dozens of agricultural exporters contacted my office, as I have  already said, and the outright refusal of American exports is not  conscionable.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   