 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, at each of my 99 county meetings and  in conversations with Iowans generally, the record cost of living is  top of mind as Iowa families feel the impact of 9.1 percent inflation.  They feel that on their family budgets, for sure.   Due to rampant inflation spurred by reckless government spending,  consumer prices are escalating at a historic pace. Middle-class  Americans are paying more for everything from gasoline, food, and  shelter, to home furnishings, prescription drugs, and clothing.   Since President Biden took office January 2021, consumer prices have  increased, on average, 12 percent nationally. As a result, the average  Iowa household has seen its monthly living expenses increase to $670 a  month. The rising cost of transportation, energy, and food has hit  household budgets particularly hard.   Since January 2021, Americans on average are paying an extra $206 a  month on energy, $334 a month on transportation and gas, and an  additional $76 a month for food. It is no wonder inflation is the No. 1  concern that I hear about as I tour Iowa's 99 counties.   Rising wages have helped some Iowans manage the rising cost of  living. However, for most, rising prices have far outpaced the wage  gains. While trying to make up an extra $600 a month is hard enough for  wage earners, it is next to impossible for senior  [[Page S3324]]  citizens who are on fixed incomes. For senior citizens, there is no  prospect of getting a raise like you might get if you have a job. They  must make do by stretching their Social Security checks, their  pensions, or investment income, if they have that. They must count on  just stretching that as far as they can.   While there is an annual cost of living adjustment intended to  maintain the purchasing power of Social Security benefits, this  adjustment lags inflation increases. The 5.9 percent COLA for 2022 was  the largest increase since 1982, the last time we had this out-of- control inflation. However, that is far below the 9.1 percent annual  inflation rate reported for June. So just like wages go up 5.5, they  can't keep up with a 9.1 percent increase inflation.   So you get a 5.9 percent increase in your COLA for Social Security;  that is far below the 9.1 percent increase in inflation. Now, the  Social Security Administration reports the 2023 COLA will be between  7.3 percent and 10.8 percent. Well, that might help. But will it make  up for what inflation is?   Unfortunately, seniors have another 6 months until they see this  relief in their benefit payments.   The current turmoil in the stock market has made it even harder for  seniors to keep their heads above water. They are seeing their  retirement savings in 401(k)s, their IRAs, and their non-tax-advantaged  accounts eroded by stock market declines, by inflation, and by taxes.   Seniors are understandably looking to the administration and to this  very Congress to take action to address inflation and rising prices.  Unfortunately, all the administration and a majority in Congress have  offered them are false assurances, more reckless spending, and damaging  tax hikes.   It is time that we try an entirely different approach. That approach  should be one focused on fiscal prudence, targeted non-inflation  inducing relief, and increasing market competition or boosting supply.   The most important thing Congress can do to fight inflation is stop  its reckless spending. Even better would be to trim the budget to  eliminate unnecessary spending.   As for providing inflation relief, it must be done in a way that  won't add to our growing debt or further fuel the flames of inflation.  One way to do this is to provide targeted inflation relief that  incentivizes and rewards taxpayers who save rather than spend.   This is the approach taken in the Middle-Class Savings and Investment  Act, which I introduced last month. Under my legislation, most middle- class savings and investment income would be subject to zero tax. This  means middle-class seniors would be subject to no Federal income tax on  their long-term capital gains and dividend income. They would also be  exempt from Federal tax on up to $600 of interest income that they earn  in a year. Exempting most middle-class savings from tax not only  provides relief to those seniors and to others but also will reduce tax  bias that favors consumption over saving.   While not a silver bullet by any stretch of the imagination to stop  inflation, encouraging more consumers to save rather than spend may  help reduce inflation pressures by dampening demand.   Importantly, my proposal is fully paid for, so it won't add to our  unsustainable debt and deficits.   In addition to practicing fiscal responsibility and providing  sensible, targeted relief, I support policies designed to hold down  prices by increasing supply and promoting greater competition in the  marketplace. A prime example of this is my work to rein in out-of- control prescription drug prices.   Americans--especially our seniors--are paying too much for their  prescription drugs. AARP says brand-name drugs that seniors use are  going up more than twice the rate of inflation. Recent data indicates  that nearly a half million seniors filled a single prescription that  met their out-of-pocket threshold and millions of seniors are reaching  the catastrophic phase of Part D.   We must act to lower prescription drug prices. I passed out of the  Finance Committee a bipartisan and negotiated bill that will lower the  cost of prescription drugs. It is called Grassley-Wyden or by its name  the ``Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act.'' It saves seniors $72  billion and taxpayers $95 billion. It caps out-of-pocket costs at  $3,100 and eliminates the doughnut hole. And perhaps the most important  part of it will also cap year-over-year price increases of prescription  drugs at the CPI. This also ends taxpayer subsidies to Big Pharma and  provides real relief to our seniors.   Let's not waste another minute to lower drug prices. I will work with  anyone who wants to pass the bipartisan Grassley-Wyden bill.   In addition to prescription drugs, I am leading the charge to lower  the cost of grocery bills. The big four meatpackers who have over 85  percent of the market use anticompetitive tactics to hurt smaller  producers or independent family farmers. While independent farmers in  Iowa are forced to sell livestock at dirt-cheap prices, the cost to the  consumer is climbing to a historic high level. This is happening at the  same time the big four packers are reaping record profits.   Just this past week, Sysco--the largest food distributor in the  United States--filed a lawsuit against these very same big four packers  alleging price fixing. Sysco claims that these packers intentionally  reduce the number of slaughtered cattle to inflate beef prices that  families must pay at the supermarket.   We must maintain a cash market for cattle producers and thus increase  competition. Toward this goal, I am spearheading two bipartisan bills  that sailed through the Senate Agriculture Committee that would do just  that.   Another reason why we are seeing high prices on store shelves is the  high price of gasoline and diesel. Contrary to what some people  believe, food does not grow on grocery store shelves; food comes to the  stores on trucks. And our country has never seen prices at the pump as  high as they are right now. In fact, gas prices have doubled since  President Biden took office.   Instead of focusing on domestic fuel production, the President and  his administration have caved to environmentalists in shaping our  energy policies. Since energy is an input in every item on the store  shelves, energy prices mean climbing prices at the cash register at Hy- Vee in Des Moines, IA, or Walmart anyplace in the country and every  other store.   It is time to reverse course on President Biden's energy policies and  pursue an ``all of the above'' strategy. Let's go back to being energy  independent rather than energy dependent.   Instead of just talking about inflation and its impact on Iowa  families and seniors, it is time for this Congress to stop reckless  spending and start focusing on commonsense relief and reforms. I am  leading the charge to do just that through targeted tax relief--the  savings bill that I talked about; market reforms in key industries to  hold down prices, like the cattle bill I was talking about; and by  boosting the supply of fuel to keep prices at the pump in check. I urge  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in these efforts.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   