 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for yielding.   I would like to speak on the Jackie Speier amendment No. 337, part of  en bloc No. 3, which directs the Secretary of Defense in coordination  with the Secretary of State to document details of the consideration of  the waiver requirements to section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act and  report on whether security assistance to the Government of Azerbaijan  undermines a peaceful settlement to the conflict between Armenia and  Azerbaijan.   Let me just say that those of us in the Armenian Caucus have been  very concerned over the years about the constant waiver of requirements  under section 907 of the FREEDOM Support Act because the bottom line is  that Azerbaijan has continued its aggression against Armenia and  started a war against Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh a couple of years  ago.   We don't believe there is any justification for waiving this because  of the constant threat that Azerbaijan opposes not only to Nagorno- Karabakh but also to Armenia itself, which has continued ever since  that war.   The bottom line is we would like to see some action, if you will, to  show whether this security assistance to Azerbaijan should continue  with these constant waivers. It is really a simple request, and I would  ask our Members on both sides of the aisle to support this as part of  the en bloc No. 3.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer amendment No. 399 as the  designee of Mr. Pappas.    Mr. Speaker, a special thanks to Chairman Smith and his  team for their tireless work on this bill and for including several  important amendments that seek justice for the thousands of Armenians  killed in Azerbaijan's deadly, unprovoked war in Nagorno-Karabakh in  2020.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss an important bipartisan  amendment that would prohibit the President from selling or exporting  next-generation F-16 fighter Jets and F-16 modernization kits to Turkey  unless he goes through a rigorous certification process with Congress.   It is necessary, because the administration has ignored strong and  consistent congressional opposition to the sale since it was first  proposed last fall by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.   Erdogan continues to prioritize short-term personal gain above the  collective good of his NATO allies, and allowing the sale to go through  would be a major mistake.   He has done the bare minimum to bolster NATO's strategic posture  since Russia's invasion of Ukraine triggered the largest crisis the  NATO alliance has faced in decades.   This destabilizing behavior is evident in his recent efforts to block  Finland and Sweden from joining NATO until he received absurd and  unrelated concessions.   The Turkish military also has conducted dangerous and provocative  violations of Greek and Cypriot sovereign territory and reportedly is  planning a major offensive in Syria that could endanger countless  innocent lives.   Turkey also continues to utilize S-400 missile defense systems, which  potentially expose important tactical information about U.S. weaponry  and military operations to Russia.   Finally, we can't ignore the Erdogan regime's human rights abuses and  anti-democratic actions at home that he uses to maintain his grip on  power.   The sale of American advanced fighter jets to Turkey will not  incentivize Erdogan to suddenly transform into a good ally. More  likely, these weapons will lead to further death and destruction in the  region.   For far too long, the United States has allowed Erdogan to dictate  his terms and hide behind Turkey's status as a NATO ally.   He has avoided facing real-life consequences greater than a slap on  the wrist for his flagrant violations of international law at home and  abroad, and it is time we finally say enough is enough.   This amendment will do just that and help take the leveraging power  out of Erdogan's dangerous, autocratic hands.   I will close by thanking my friend Chris Pappas and my many other  colleagues who have been supportive in the fight to hold the Erdogan  regime accountable and prevent the sale from moving forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of you to vote ``yes'' on this important  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, let me say that I totally disagree with my  colleague, and I do respect him, as he knows, but we are talking about  F-16s and F-16 upgrades. I don't see how the gentleman could say that  that is not within the jurisdiction of this committee and the NDAA  bill. Clearly, we are talking about military weaponry here.   I also point out that what we are seeing in this amendment is  basically that this sale or export should not go forward unless the  President provides a certification to Congress that such a transfer is  in the national interests of the United States and includes a detailed  description of concrete steps taken to ensure that such F-16s are not  used by Turkey for repeated, unauthorized territorial overflights of  Greece.   What we are saying here is that we want some detailed analysis of  what is going on here. I have to be honest and say that I have heard  the President and others in the administration expound upon the F-16  sales and the upgrades and say this is a good idea, but the bottom line  is they have not put forward any explanation of how this is in the  national interests of the United States or any description of the  problems that we face because of Turkey's continued aggression, whether  it is in Greece, whether it is in Cyprus, whether it is in Armenia,  whether it is in other parts of the Middle East, in Syria, Libya, the  list goes on.   That is all we are really saying in this amendment, that it is time.  As I said, enough is enough, and it is time for the administration to  come forward and say why we are considering this. Why would you  possibly do this? That is why I think it is totally appropriate to have  this discussion here tonight and include this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, let me just say in closing that I  understand what my colleague from Texas is saying when he talks about  why he might think it is in the interest of the United States to sell  these weapons or these planes to Turkey, and I respect his opinion. I  don't agree, but I respect it. But we are asking that the  administration put forth the reasons.   That is what this amendment is all about, not your opinion, which is  fine, but what is the administration's opinion. Are they going to  certify? Are they going to tell us why this is necessary? That is what  this amendment is about.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   