 Mr. President, if this is winning, I am getting tired of  winning. GOP leadership declared that this bill is a victory--but not  unless you define victory as adding over a trillion dollars in new  deficit spending.   So really, there is a debate--a big debate--within the Republican  Party. Which is more important? Is it more important to add $45 billion  to military spending, or is it more important not to add $1 trillion in  deficit to our overall debt?   We now have a $31 trillion debt. We are adding over a trillion  dollars a year, and yet Republican leadership says this is a victory  because we are getting more military spending. But it is a victory at  what expense? Are we actually more secure? Are we more safe? Is our  national security more protected by spending more on the military, or  is our national security actually more threatened by incurring more  debt? I would argue the latter, that $31 trillion dollars in debt is  the No. 1 threat to our national security.   It is the week before Christmas, and, predictably, Congress is  considering yet another $1.7 trillion spending bill that we haven't had  a chance to see or even read.   Last night, at 1:30 in the morning, the text of this 4,155-page  spending spree was released. If you thought Congress couldn't possibly  spend more money than it did last year, you would be wrong. The omnibus  increases spending by 10 percent compared to last year's budget. You  would think that nearly 2 years of 40-year-high inflation would create  some hesitation.   You would think that a looming recession, spurred largely by  exorbitant government spending, would give this Congress pause. But  instead of taking a minute to consider what a responsible Federal  Government budget looks like, we are, instead, placed behind the barrel  of a gun, forcing us to choose between letting government expire or  blindly passing a $1.7 trillion spending package that not only does not  balance, but, in fact, spends over 10 percent more than last year.   How does Congress spend taxpayers' money? Well, here are just a few  examples of how your government currently spends money. We found that  they spent, last year, $2.3 million injecting beagles with cocaine. It  seems that their researchers were curious--despite the pain they  inflicted on these dogs--they were curious to know if cocaine causes  adverse effects. Guess what. Read the newspaper. Read the news. Look at  the addicts across our country. You think you need to inject beagles  with cocaine to know that cocaine is a bad deal?   And $700,000 was spent to study how male parrots attract their mate.  Really? We have got people who go hungry in our country. We have people  that are trying to get out from behind poverty, and we are spending  $700,000 studying how male parrots attract a female.   We spent $187,000 to study whether or not dogs help kids cope. Of  course they do. Ask any pet owner. Any pet owner could have told you,  and we would have saved the taxpayer $187,000.   We spent $118,000 to study if a metal replica, a robot, of Marvel  Comics' evil warlord Thanos could snap his fingers--$118,000. Really?  They apparently hired some dude to wear metal gloves and then try to  snap his fingers. You know what? They found out that it is impossible  to make a snapping sound with metal fingers.   So robots of the world, be warned: It is hard to snap your fingers.   While we continue to spend ourselves into oblivion, almost every  single European nation is working to shrink their deficit. We routinely  look to Europe, and we say: Look how liberal, look how Big Government,  look how socialized--and yet, most of Europe actually balances their  annual budget.   In 2019, 15 of 26 European countries ran budget surpluses. Another  eight European countries ran deficits of less than 3 percent of their  GDP. While here in the U.S., in that same year, our deficit exceeded 6  percent of GDP.   Europe is a glaring example that fiscal responsibility is possible.  It is not a pipe dream. In fact, if we just cut our spending to what we  spent in 2019--just 3 years ago--we would actually have a balanced  budget today. Instead, we have jumped from a deficit that was 6 percent  of our GDP to a deficit that is 12 percent of our GDP.   We are adding debt at an alarming rate. We are adding debt at a  greater pace than we ever have in the history of our country.  Thankfully, some of our predecessors in Congress anticipated this lack  of restraint, and they gave us some guideposts. They gave us some  rules. They established guardrails and tools to keep our budget in  check. For example, there is a rule called the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go  Act--or PAYGO, for short. It requires that if you have new spending, it  has to be offset by cuts elsewhere in the budget or elsewhere in the  spending bill.   Despite equipping our government with this necessary tool, though,  Congress, with almost every budget in recent history, abuses its power,  spends like drunken sailors, and ignores the fact that a day of  reckoning is coming. Unfortunately, Congress has, virtually 100 percent  of the time, voted to waive the PAYGO requirements.   The American people demand accountability for the damage the Big  Government spenders are doing to our families and to our Nation's  economic well-being. I will not allow my colleagues to escape  accountability by hiding behind 4,000 pages of legislative text.   I, therefore, will raise a budget point of order as this bill comes  to the floor that will put every Member of the Senate on record as to  where they stand on fiscal responsibility. Unfortunately, most of the  Senators--even if they share my sentiments--they know that  [[Page S7819]]  this point of order will be waived. They think they can quietly vote  this way and no one will notice.   Well, when American voters finally notice that people here are saying  one thing at home and doing another, are promising balancing budgets  and promising that deficits do matter and then come up here and vote  the opposite way--one day, the American electorate will wake up and  vote these hypocrites out.   There are many other points of order that can be raised on this. The  budget rules are actually of some value if we would actually obey the  rules. Some of the people, you see them. You see them in their States,  they are at campaign rallies, they will tell you at townhalls, they  will tell you on the Senate floor that we absolutely must get spending  under control. They will tell you that the debt is a problem. They will  tell you that it is a terrible way to run government to have omnibuses.  It is terrible to put $6 trillion together in one bill, release it at  1:30 in the morning, and pass it; and you can read about it and find  out what is in it later.   I suspect you will find a lot of promises, though, that will be  violated as we vote on these PAYGO restrictions. Realize that this is  the law. The law of the land says you can't do this. Congress, in  passing this omnibus, is breaking the law. The statute says very  clearly they cannot do this.   The only way they actually can evade responsibility is they change  the law. They say: Oh, well, it would be embarrassing to get rid of the  law; we will waive the law. So we have laws for decades that could  actually right our fiscal house and put us on a course towards  balancing our budget, and the rules are waived. They disobey their own  rules.   Congress does a disservice to the economy every time it waives these  points of orders. What good are these procedures if they are never  upheld? What started as formal guardrails to keep fiscal health of this  Nation strong is now merely just a messaging tool with no real  significance that allows Senators to get away with making promises they  never intended to keep.   That is why, in addition to raising this point of order, I am  introducing an amendment to reform our budget procedures by raising the  threshold. Let's make it less easy for them to break the rules.  Currently, 60 Senators can break the rules. Let's make it two-thirds.  Let's make it 67 Senators necessary to break the rules. Why? Because  they are bankrupting this country, both sides of the aisle. There is an  unholy alliance between both parties.   One party wants more welfare; one wants more warfare. It is either  the military industrial complex or the welfare industrial complex. But  what happens inevitably every year is spending goes up. People come and  the journalists question: What will happen? What will happen with  Christmas here?   The only thing that is known to happen is this body--both parties-- will continue to add to the debt. And there is a day--there is a day  when you wake up and the dollar is worthless. Right now, the dollar is  losing nearly 10 percent of its value on an annual basis, but there is  a day when it is 10 percent a day or 10 percent an hour.   Great countries have succumbed to the destruction of currency, and it  happens through debt, through deficit financing. And it is coming to  us. There is a day of reckoning, unless we wake up and say: Enough is  enough. We are going to do the prudent and rational thing: We are going  to balance our budget.   It is time that we take our Nation's health seriously, and it is time  that we show concern for those who are being damaged and devastated by  inflation. The inflation at the grocery store, at the gas pump, who  does it hurt the worst? It hurts those on fixed incomes, senior  citizens. It hurts the working class and the poor. Those who have most  of their expenditures that go towards consumption, towards their food  and groceries and gas, people who spend 90 percent of what they earn on  buying the stuff that allows them to live are the people that are  decimated by inflation.   So if there are people in this body who do care, who do really care  about those who are struggling with the burden of inflation, the best  way is to quit digging the hole deeper, quit adding to the debt, and do  what even European countries can do; and that is, begin to balance our  budget.   