 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support  of the fiscal year 2023 National Defense Authorization Act. Our  military is facing unprecedented challenges in a volatile environment,  and this body is charged with the duty of raising and supporting our  military to ensure our safety both home and abroad.   As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Intelligence and Special  Operations, I am incredibly proud of the items in this bill that enable  our intelligence and special operations communities to keep our  adversaries at bay. I thank Chairman Gallego and my ISO colleagues for  working in a bipartisan fashion to ensure ISO equities are represented  throughout the NDAA process.   In particular, the codification of the Special Operations Command's  1202 authority is significant. This authority authorizes SOCOM to  conduct irregular warfare operations. The expansion of this authority  is critical to our ability to compete and win in a great power  competition environment.   I remain concerned about our force posture and counterterrorism  capabilities in Afghanistan resulting from last year's withdrawal. The  administration has failed to provide the congressionally mandated  report from Section 1069 of last year's NDAA. We continue to ask for  greater detail on the so-called ``over the horizon'' capability the  administration has touted. It remains clear this strategy was  completely not thought out from the beginning.   That said, I do want to mention a few noteworthy provisions in this  bill. This bill includes an amendment to fund the priorities that our  Nation's top military leadership told us they needed but the White  House failed to support. The topline increase counters this  administration's dangerous ``divest to invest'' strategy, which would  leave us ill-equipped to deter or defeat China, our pacing threat, in  the next 5 to 10 years. It also provides an increase in military  personnel pay and benefits to combat the impacts of inflation so that  our servicemembers who dedicate their lives to our Nation do not  struggle to support themselves and their families.   I also cannot understate the importance this bill has in securing our  defense industrial base and ensuring millions of jobs for Americans.  The hardworking Mississippians who work for our defense industry  companies in my district and across the State to keep our Nation safe,  secure, and prosperous deserve our support in Congress.   Colleagues, the spirit of patriotism is not enough to support our  troops. We have an obligation to ensure our military is properly funded  to compete and win wars against China, Russia, and any other adversary  that threatens our way of life and democratic values. We have a  responsibility to take care of our servicemembers and their families in  this period of record-high inflation so that we retain the best talent,  and we have a commitment to enact policies that honor our values,  improve our national security, and empower our military leaders. We do  all this by voting ``yes'' on this bill.    Lastly, I would be remiss if I did not thank my teammates on this  committee and my staff for working tirelessly on this year's bill.  Special shout-out to my ISO battle buddies: Chairman Gallego;  professional staffer Patrick Nevins; my defense team, Rodney Hall and  Lauren Emmi.   Mr. Speaker, I ask support for this bill.   