 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding  time.   You know, as we hold this debate, I remember back to a morning as a  young resident at Parkland Hospital starting out in a residency in OB/ GYN and our major professor, our department chairman, Jack Pritchard,  addressing us and telling us that starting into a career in OB/GYN, we  were in a unique position in medicine.   Every time we took a case, either as a primary doctor or consultant,  we would have the unique opportunity to be taking care of two patients  who had a combined life expectancy of over 100 years.   He said nowhere else in medicine are you going to be able to affect  the future to the degree that you can as an OB/GYN.   In nearly 30 years of practice back in Texas, I have taken care of  women with ectopic pregnancies. We did it before. We will continue to  do it. It is a surgical emergency, and you don't shy away from it.   Unfortunately, some pregnancies do conclude in a miscarriage, and  some of those do require the attention of a physician. I would not  hesitate to do that, then or now.   But what I would not do and could not do was disrupt a viable  pregnancy where a child could issue from that care. None of that  changes, either before or after the Supreme Court decision.   Look, there have been times when I have had to step in when someone  had care at another facility and sought refuge in my emergency room  because of severe complications they were having from an abortion done  elsewhere.   I would have to step in and correct the problems from the  abortionist. I didn't hesitate to do that and will continue to do it in  the future, but what I will not do is end a life in a pregnancy.    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding  time.   In the 1970s it was misleading, but pregnancy was described as a  clump of cells and a lump of tissues.   How many people listened to that and didn't ascribe the agency to the  young life that was developing?   Then medical sonography was just coming into its own at the same time  that Roe was decided; and for two generations of Americans since then,  the first picture in their baby book is their sonogram picture.   Is it any surprise that two generations of Americans now ascribe  agency to the unborn child because they see from whence they came?   Having an abortion is not a simple fix to a problem; it is not a  simple procedure; and it is not birth control. An abortion is highly  complex, and it is a deeply emotional procedure. Obviously, it is going  to affect the baby, and obviously, it is going to affect the woman.   Do you know what, Madam Speaker?   It even affects the provider.   