 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Arkansas for  yielding time.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation to name the  courthouse in honor of a good friend and a good man, the James D. Todd  United States Courthouse located at 111 South Highland Avenue in  Jackson, Tennessee.   As a native Tennessean, Judge Todd has dedicated his entire life to  his community, to his State, and to this Nation.   A graduate of Lexington High School and Lambuth College, Judge Todd  received his master's in combined sciences from the University of  Mississippi in 1968.   He then went on to receive his law degree from the University of  Memphis, the Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law in 1972.   From there, Judge Todd practiced law with the firm of Waldrop,  Farmer, Todd and Breen for 9 years before being elected as a State  circuit court judge where he served for 2 years.   Judge Todd was then nominated by President Ronald Reagan in June of  1985 to serve as a judge on the United States District Court for the  Western District of Tennessee, and Judge Todd was confirmed by the  United States Senate on July 10, 1985, with no objection.   For almost four decades, Judge Todd worked tirelessly for the people  of Jackson and for West Tennessee and, really, for our entire State.   I will note as a point of personal privilege that Judge Todd  administered my oath as the United States attorney for the Western  District of Tennessee in 2006, a moment that I will never forget.   In addition to Judge Todd's time on the bench, he has been involved  in the Tennessee Boys Club, was the Jackson Senior League baseball  coach, served as the Lambuth College Alumni Association president, and  was also chairman for the Goals of Jackson Committee.   Judge Todd has been a respected member of the judiciary in our  community in West Tennessee. Judge Todd retired and took inactive  status last year. I was proud to join our entire West Tennessee  community congratulating him on his years of great work and dedicated  service.    If I can for a moment, former Madison County Mayor Jimmy Harris, who  retired earlier this year from Jackson, Tennessee, who is a friend of  Judge Todd, commented when Judge Todd stepped down. This is what Mayor  Harris said: ``Respect and talent. There is law enforcement, judges,  lawyers, the district attorney--you name it. They all have a healthy  respect for Jim Todd. But he is the epitome of what a Federal judge  ought to be. He makes decisions based on the law and the Constitution.  That is all you can ask for.''   In my opinion, Mayor Harris, his comments are spot on; and for all  these reasons, I am proud to have introduced this legislation that  honors Judge Todd. I think Chief Judge Tom Anderson of the Western  District of Tennessee said it best when he said, ``This is a historic  and momentous event for West Tennessee to recognize one of our own and  name this outstanding facility after Judge Todd.''   Lastly, if I could, I thank every member of the Tennessee delegation,  Senators Marsha Blackburn and Bill Hagerty, and all of my Tennessee  colleagues for supporting this legislation.  [[Page H9725]]    As such, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  the legislation to honor the life and the legacy of Judge James D.  Todd.   