 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding.   I just heard my friends on the other side say, let's follow the  money. Let's follow the money.   Mr. Speaker, right now under this administration, we have gone from  buying approximately 76,000 barrels of crude oil a day to surging to  198,000 barrels of crude oil every single day. If you add in other  petroleum products, Mr. Speaker, let's follow the money. The additional  $22 million a day that we are giving to Vladimir Putin, if you add it  all up, we are giving him $7 billion a year. $7 billion a year that  goes toward the $65 billion Vladimir Putin puts towards military  spending every single year.   Yes, let's follow the money.   I hear my friends on the other side talk about emissions, oh, we  can't do these things because it is going to cause greater emissions.   Let's once again look at the facts, Mr. Speaker. Under the previous  administration, on average, emissions went down 2\1/2\ percent a year.  Under President Biden they have increased 6.3 percent every single  year.   Let's follow the money.   Do you know who is paying that money? It is the Americans that can  least afford it, whether it is the $12 extra every single time they are  filling up their vehicle with gas, whether it is the 700 to $1,700 a  year in extra electricity payments that Americans are paying this year  to heat their homes.   Mr. Speaker, yes, let's follow the money because the people in  America that can least afford it, they are the ones that are paying the  bill for these irresponsible, ill-advised energy policies that, Mr.  Speaker, you can go back  [[Page H1194]]  and look at the Record, we are the ones who advocated otherwise.   Here is the deal: This administration has stopped offshore  production, prevented new lease sales, prevented onshore production.  This majority has tried to impose a $10,000 per year per mile pipeline  fee, tried to raise royalty fees, increased severance taxes on domestic  energy.   Do you think Vladimir Putin is doing the same thing with Russian  energy? I can answer that, Mr. Speaker: Absolutely not.   The policies that this bill fixes are the errors that this  administration and this majority in Congress made in imposing this  energy crisis on us in raising energy prices for Americans that can  least afford it.   Mr. Speaker, I am sorry that the facts don't result in the narrative  that my friends on the other side are trying to establish. Let's be  clear on why we have an energy crisis in America, why we are dependent  upon Vladimir Putin for energy, why we are funding the military  atrocities that he is carrying out in the Ukraine right now, and let's  support this bill, this legislation that Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers  and Congressman Westerman have pushed to ensure that we can have a  clean American energy future.   