 Madam President, 1 year ago tomorrow, a violent mob  attacked our Capitol--this Capitol. Five Americans died, and hundreds  sustained injuries in what has been described as the worst attack on  our Capitol since the War of 1812 and the worst attack on our  democracy, literally, since the Civil War. The mob assaulted and maimed  police officers, desecrated our beacon of democracy, and in using  force, sought to obstruct the peaceful transfer of power in this  Nation.   One year later, as we recall the chaos and the bloodshed of that day,  more than ever, I am convinced that we must fully understand what  happened and make sure that it never happens again.   The 2020 election was hard fought, but it was not especially close.  Not one example of widespread fraud was found nor was any evidence  presented that would have altered the outcome. Let's take a moment and  look at the facts.   There were 81.2 million votes for Joe Biden last year--81.2 million.  There were 74.2 million votes cast for Donald Trump--74.2. That is  about 51.3 percent of the vote for Joe Biden and 46.8 percent of the  vote for Donald Trump; 306 electoral votes for Joe Biden, 232 electoral  votes for Donald Trump.   Ironically, Joe Biden earned the same number of electoral college  votes as Donald Trump did in 2016. Why is that relevant? Well, in 2016,  Donald Trump declared that his 232 electoral votes was a--no, his 306  electoral votes. Joe Biden got the same number of votes in 2020 as  Donald Trump did in 2016. When Trump won with 306 electoral votes, he  said it was a landslide. When Biden wins by the same number of  electoral votes, Donald Trump says: No, it is not a landslide; it is a  theft. You have stolen the election.   Despite these facts, Donald Trump pressed ahead with legal challenges  in several States. Many of these claims were downright bizarre, and  many were unfounded. More than 60 Federal and State courts, involving  more than 90 judges, many of whom were nominated by Republican  Presidents, including Donald Trump, all agreed that no evidence of  widespread fraud, wrongdoing or other irregularities were uncovered  subsequent to the 2020 election--none. Allow me to quote one of them.   Judge Bibas is a longtime member of the conservative Federalist  Society, whom Donald Trump actually nominated to the Third Circuit  Court of Appeals. In ruling against Donald Trump's baseless claims of  fraud in Pennsylvania, Judge Bibas said: ``Calling an election unfair  does not make it so.'' Let me repeat that. ``Calling an election unfair  does not make it so.''   Rather than accept defeat at the ballot box and in the courtroom, the  former President embraced conspiracy theories and outright lies. The  January 6 insurrection occurred because these lies--and let me repeat:  lies--were a call to action for White supremacists and other domestic  extremists.   As someone who grew up in Danville, VA, the last capital of the  confederacy, I have seen Confederate flags before--a lot of them--but I  never expected to see any of them in this Capitol or in this Chamber.   On January 6, the former President incited a mob at the National  Mall, and he sent them to attack this Capitol. He lit a match, fanned  the flames of violence, and did nothing to extinguish the fire. He was  deservedly impeached for the second time for this heinous offense  against our Constitution, which he was sworn to defend.   One year later, I am standing in this sacred Chamber, thanks in large  part to the heroism of countless officers from the U.S. Capitol Police  and the DC Metropolitan Police Departments. Over 150 police officers  were injured that day--over 150. Tragically, five police officers have  subsequently lost their lives in connection to the January 6 attack,  including, tragically, four by suicide.   Many of the officers who defended our Capitol will carry the wounds  of that day, both physical and mental, with them for years to come. In  response, we must remain committed to their health and safety for years  to come. They showed remarkable courage that day. They risked their  lives--an unyielding to commitment to the oath that they took to  protect our Constitution and this Capitol.  [[Page S35]]    One of those officers was Officer Eugene Goodman. Officer Goodman is  a U.S. Army veteran who was raised right here in the District of  Columbia, not far from where we are gathered. He saw combat in the Iraq  war, fighting with the 101st Airborne Division, until he returned home  and signed up to serve with the Capitol Police in 2009.   He had shown valor in uniform previously--that was in a war zone--and  I am certain that Officer Goodman never imagined that he would be  called on to fight a battle to defend our Constitution in the U.S.  Capitol, not far from his own backyard. Just outside these doors,  Officer Goodman distracted the mob and helped to save 100 U.S. Senators  and many of our staff members from harm, as well as Members of the  House of Representatives and their staff too.   The brave men and women of law enforcement, like Officer Goodman, put  their lives on the line that day to protect not just the Members of  Congress inside the House and Senate Chambers but our very  Constitution.   Ultimately, the insurrectionists and the former President failed to  overturn the election because Democrats, Republicans, and a Republican  Vice President, Michael Pence, returned to the House and Senate  Chambers. After order was restored, we did not accept mob rule;  instead, we certified the votes of millions of Americans because that  is what our democracy and our allegiance to it demanded of us.   We have learned a lot over the past year that puts that day into  better context. There is still much to learn. But January 6 was far  from a random event. It was a premeditated, coordinated, and, in the  end, violent effort to overturn an election. In other countries, we  would call this an attempted coup.   One year later, I am alarmed and appalled by the attempts to rewrite  the history of January 6 as a peaceful protest. These conspiracy  theories and lies continue to fuel the same misinformation and hatred  that led to January 6.   Colleagues, we need to lead by our example. We must choose truth over  the Big Lie. We must choose the Constitution over the mob. We must  choose the rule of law and mutual respect for one another over hatred  and division.   Thomas Jefferson once said--this is a paraphrase, but something along  these lines--he said: If the people know the truth, they won't make a  mistake.   I love that. If the people know the truth, they won't make a mistake.   Well, we returned that day to this very Chamber to certify the votes  of millions of Americans because we wanted the American people to know  the truth: Joe Biden and Kamala Harris won the 2020 election fair and  square. We must now make sure that every American knows the unvarnished  truth related to January 6.   Over the past several years, I have mentioned time and again the  wisdom of the Framers of our Constitution. In the hot summer of 1787,  they gathered and debated a new form of government, a constitutional  republic with an intricate system of checks and balances. Little did  they know that that document, first ratified by Delaware, would become  the longest running experiment in democracy that the world has ever  known.   I have sworn an oath no fewer than 12 times to protect the  Constitution of our country: first as a 17-year-old Navy ROTC  midshipman at Ohio State; 4 years later when I was commissioned as an  ensign in the Navy to become a naval flight officer during the Vietnam  war; again as I relinquished my regular commission and assumed a  Reserve commission; and then another, gosh, eight times as a House  Member and here as a Senator. We have a sacred obligation to protect  our Constitution from enemies both foreign and domestic.   In his second inaugural address at the end of the Civil War,  President Lincoln addressed a deeply divided nation. All told, more  than 600,000 Americans would die in the bloodiest conflict in our  Nation's history. Still, President Lincoln called on the Nation to come  together, to bind up our wounds, and to begin to heal. I believe that  these words, which were etched inside the Lincoln Memorial just a few  miles from where we gather today, can guide our Nation in this moment.   Colleagues, in order to truly bind up our wounds related to January 6  and heal a deeply divided nation, we must continue seeking the truth  and holding those responsible to account. More than 700 individuals  have already been charged with crimes related to the attack on our  Capitol.   Moreover, the bipartisan House Select Committee must finish its  important work that it has begun and provide us with the facts of that  day and the days that preceded it. Armed with those facts, many of us  who serve in this Congress must make sure that the American people know  the truth and that everyone responsible for the plotting, for the  planning, and for the execution of an attempt to overturn an election  in the United States of America is held accountable to the fullest  extent of the law. Our democracy demands no less.   Thank you.   I yield the floor at this time to my colleague from Texas.   