 Madam President, I rise today to remind my colleagues of  what we have often heard: In Washington, if you want a friend, get a  dog.   Roy Blunt destroys that because Roy has been a true friend. Our  relationship goes back to the House, though. The Senator wasn't whip  when I was there. Clearly, he came in, and the math got better.   But Abby is a strong woman. She has put up with a lot, as have all of  our spouses. And, Abby, I hope you have a wonderful chapter in what is  in store for him next.   I want to speak from the standpoint of chair of the Intelligence  Committee, and the fact that I work with 14 extraordinary people who  understand upfront that they are going to learn a lot, they are going  to be faced with some tough decisions, and they are not going to be  able to talk to their colleagues, their friends, their family about  anything that goes on.   There can be some rather difficult days to go through, as we have  seen over the 18 years I have been in the Senate and--16, 14?   MR. BLUNT. Twelve.    And the 12 that Roy has been in. But I have got to say that  I never questioned whether Roy was going to be prepared, whether he was  going to attend, whether he was going to absorb what he heard, and,  more importantly, whether he was going to make a prudent decision about  what we do.   I can say that he mirrors the other 13--Susan, you being one of  them--and I think that what Roy brings to this representation from  Missouri is not only a man of character but a true leader.   I expected to hear in your farewell address the words of Harry  Truman, and I am paraphrasing when I say this because I can't remember  the direct quote, but he was referencing all the things we think about  that we do.   But Truman boiled it down to this: The only things that matter are  what happens in this room, in the U.S. Senate.   And as we all three of us think of our departures, I don't think  Missouri yet understands the loss that they have got by not having Roy  Blunt here. But I do understand this: There are 99 other Members of the  Senate who understand what the Senate will lose with Roy Blunt's  decision to retire.   So for all the good that you have done, Roy, I wish you many years of  success from this point forward.   I yield the floor.   