 Mr. President, today marks 1 month since the illegal and  unprovoked Russian invasion of Ukraine began. Since that time,  Ukrainian President Zelenskyy has proven himself a courageous and  inspiring leader, the Ukrainian military has performed heroically in  the face of overwhelming violence, and the Ukrainian people have shown  the world what true courage looks like.   There is one person who is responsible for so much suffering and  catastrophe: Vladimir Putin. Faced with this senseless attack, Ukraine  and the  [[Page S1737]]  international community have rallied together to stand up to Putin with  a unified front. It is stunning, therefore, that many of my Republican  colleagues now seem intent upon suggesting that Russia invaded Ukraine  because of something the Biden administration did or failed to do.   There is no polite way to put this: This attempt to score political  points by blaming the Biden administration for Putin's invasion is  unacceptable and inappropriate.    I think it is important to remind my colleagues of some important  facts they are ignoring.   To be clear, the Biden administration has done more than any previous  administration when it comes to support for Ukraine. In the roughly 14  months since taking office, the administration has provided more than  $2 billion in security assistance to Ukraine, including weapons like  Stingers and Javelins that are proving so effective today. This is far  more than any previous administration, and I applaud those 17  Republican Senators who voted for this military and humanitarian aid  for Ukraine.   Further, since last fall, the Biden administration has worked  tirelessly to build a coalition of nations committed to supporting  Ukraine. So when the time came to stand up to Putin's illegal invasion  of Ukraine on February 24, the United States stood with more than 30  countries from across the globe to condemn the violence, to execute the  largest sanctions and export controls in history, and to support the  Ukrainian people by surging humanitarian and security aid into the  country. This overwhelming international response would not have  happened without President Biden's leadership.   We also should not forget a major reason Vladimir Putin felt so  emboldened to invade Ukraine and challenge NATO. For 4 years, President  Trump treated our allies like adversaries and pandered to dictators and  despots--especially Putin. Mr. Trump's animosity toward NATO created  lingering doubt about the United States' reliability and the cohesion  of the alliance, jeopardizing our greatest advantage against Russia.   The Trump administration's failure to hold Russia accountable for  numerous violations of international norms served only to embolden  Putin in challenging U.S. leadership and the rules-based international  order.   Most disturbing, of course, was the offense that led to Mr. Trump's  first impeachment: his efforts to extort Ukraine's security for  political favors at home. That an American President would abuse his  office to pressure a foreign government to interfere in our democracy  as part of a reelection bid remains deeply troubling.   Mr. Trump's actions damaged NATO, weakened Ukraine, and ceded  political leverage to Putin. Now, the Ukrainian people are paying the  price. Fortunately, at this critical time, the United States and our  allies are no longer hamstrung by Mr. Trump's erratic leadership--a  fact Vladimir Putin must understand very well at this stage.   If Putin thought his actions over the past month would drive a wedge  between NATO members and within the international community, he has  found himself badly mistaken. Led by President Biden, the international  community has united in a way not seen in generations, and Russia is  already straining under the immense costs we have levied against it and  the courageous actions of the Ukrainian people.   With that in mind, I would like to take a few moments to correct the  record on a few debates about our ongoing support for Ukraine.   First, on the issue of arms transfers, the United States has led the  international effort to identify capabilities the Ukrainian military  can put to immediate use, and I think we have to emphasize ``immediate  use.'' Transferring equipment that cannot be used effectively because  of the combat conditions in the area or because we need to train or  refit the equipment is not going to give the Ukrainian forces immediate  assistance, and that is the kind of assistance they need.   In fact, over the past few months, the State Department has worked  with incredible speed to facilitate the transfer of U.S.-origin  equipment from partner nations to Ukraine. However, all of these  transports, whether it be former Soviet-era air defense systems or  former Soviet aircraft, occur on a bilateral basis, and ultimately, it  is a decision for each partner nation to make within their own internal  channels.   With regard to a no-fly zone, the United States has enjoyed air  superiority for the past 20 years of conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan,  so it is, perhaps, understandable that some of my colleagues think such  endeavors are easily achieved and without risk. However, establishing  and enforcing a no-fly zone against a near-peer competitor like Russia  is far more complex. To do so would almost certainly drag the United  States and the entire NATO alliance into a direct armed conflict with  Russia. It would also put the women and men tasked with flying such  missions at great risk. President Biden has rightly said that the  United States will not seek direct conflict with Russia, and  establishing a no-fly zone would almost certainly defy that aim.   So, to my colleagues both on this side of the aisle and on the other  side of the aisle, enough with trying to blame the Biden administration  at every step in this conflict. This crisis demands unity and strength,  and I call upon my colleagues, particularly my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle, to join me in condemning the one person who bears  responsibility for the horrific violence against the people of Ukraine:  Vladimir Putin.   I yield the floor.   