 Madam Speaker, for my colleagues to continue to  advance this narrative that there are some 9,000 permits out there  waiting to be drilled demonstrates the naivete of the oil and gas  industry and it is just, frankly, disingenuous.   And to make the statement that Vladimir Putin is responsible for the  skyrocketing cost of gasoline, what a joke. Gasoline was going up  before Russia ever invaded Ukraine because of President Biden's  policies.   Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so we can  immediately consider H.R. 6858, the American Energy Independence from  Russia Act. I was proud to work on this legislation with Ranking Member  Rodgers and the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Madam Speaker, we all saw it today, President Zelenskyy pleading with  the United States and the West to do more to punish Russia for these  atrocities and halt Putin's assault on innocent Ukrainians.   It is obvious that the United States and Europe need to do more. But  sadly, more, much more, could have been done before this invasion, and  I believe it could have all been avoided.   Madam Speaker, you will hear a lot today that energy security is  national security. Well, ain't that the truth.   Our European allies, after years of rushing to green, weather- dependent, unreliable energy, and shutting down their own energy  resources, have come to learn this the hard way. Their green priorities  led them to greater and greater dependence on Russia, to the point that  they could do virtually nothing as Russian tanks rolled into Ukraine.   Let's not make the same mistake here in America. We can't make our  energy supply and the energy supply of our allies dependent on some of  the worst people in the world.   This legislation would put us on a better path. It would restart the  Keystone XL pipeline; reopen our Federal lands and waters to access our  abundant natural resources; and it also includes a provision,  legislation that I authored, to cut the red tape and unleash American  liquefied natural gas exports, which our allies in Europe are currently  clamoring for; ultimately, to get out from under the boot of Putin's  energy dominance.   There is still time to make things right, Madam Speaker, so I am  urging this Chamber to consider H.R. 6858 immediately.   