 Mr. President, today's powerful new sanctions against  hundreds of Putin allies are another critical step in U.S. leadership,  bringing our allies together to ratchet up pressure on Russia to halt  its brutal invasion of Ukraine.   I think Putin has been shocked by a couple things. Putin has been  shocked that the Ukrainians have had such furious, effective,  courageous resistance. He didn't see that coming.   The other thing that shocked Putin has been the skill with which  President Biden assembled this coalition of countries to stand up to  Putin, to provide assistance to refugees and assistance to Ukrainians  in their country, to provide military assistance, and to put the  squeeze on sanctions against Russia.   He has assembled this coalition skillfully, including countries like  Germany and Sweden and Finland and Switzerland, even--countries that  never really played here and nobody really expected. And Biden has  brought them in, in a coalition, and extracted--and with the right kind  of target on sanctions.   In addition to sanctioning the banks and the oil companies, in  addition to sanctioning the oligarchs and Putin himself, the President  is announcing now sanctioning Russian parliamentarians and the  Parliament itself, the Russian Duma, a dozen more Russian arms  merchants and defense firms that have enabled this war, and additional  Putin cronies, including the CEO of Russia's largest bank.   I don't understand opposition to what we are trying to do. I don't  know. Do we have Members of this Senate, perhaps, that, for whatever  reason, side with Putin or side with the oligarchs? I don't know. But  this is legislation we ought to be able to get moving quickly through  this body as it did in the House.   As long as Putin's invasion goes on, we will continue to lead the  world, turning up the heat and weakening Russia's war machine.   Today, I come to the floor to support the removal of permanent normal  trade relations with Russia. It is not, as the Presiding Officer from  Maryland knows--it is not the first time a number of us have been  concerned about our government's mistakes, in large part, because of  corporate lobbying on permanent normal trade relations with countries  around the world.   One of worst decisions ever made in this body, or at least in recent  history, and the damage it did to manufacturing in the industrial  Midwest and elsewhere, was giving permanent normal trade relations to  China and the advantages that gave them.   American companies, always in pursuit of cheaper labor, if going  south wasn't good enough--they would go to Mexico and then they would  go to China, close the plants in Ohio or Western Maryland, move to  China, open up plants there with cheap labor and with pretty much  nonexistent environmental regulations, and then ship those jobs back to  the United States. That was permanent normal trade relations with China  that we gave them some 20 years ago. It was a horrible mistake, but,  today, this is about--for a different reason--permanent normal trade  relations with Russia that we have granted.    The President has already committed to ending permanent normal trade  relations with Russia, and the House has already passed a bill ending  PNTR with Russia, so what are Senate Republicans waiting for?   Russia should not have free and unlimited access to America's economy  or to the global economy. There should be no place for Putin and his  cronies to hide.   We are trying to get this done in the Senate. I was on the floor  yesterday hoping we could see this done then. Twenty-four hours more  have passed; 24 hours more of Putin attacking, as a war criminal,  people in Ukraine, people who are innocent, people who should never  have to deal with this; another night in Ukraine under fire from an  unprovoked Russian advance on civilian families; another day of  destruction of civilian buildings in peaceful cities.   So waiting every day hurts the Ukrainian people. We need to do our  part to give the President immediate legal authority he needs to work  with our allies on this to shut off access to favorable tariff  treatment for Russia's goods here and around the world.   Senator Paul, one Republican Senator, needs to relent to let us pass  this. I mean, I know what Liz Cheney, a Member of the House, the  daughter of Vice President Cheney under President Bush--I know what she  said some time ago, and she is a Republican. She talked about the Putin  wing of the Republican Party.   I have no idea who in this body is in the Putin wing of the  Republican Party, but I do know that there is resistance on the other  side of the aisle to doing what we need to do to give President Biden  even more tools to do even more than he has already done in this.   The bill passed the House with a nearly unanimous vote. We need to  finalize it in the Senate so we can ratchet up the pressure further,  cut off Russia's ability to finance its unprovoked invasion of another  member country in the World Trade Organization.   Even before this war, we knew that Russia, like China, games the  rules. They cheat on trade. I said it yesterday on the floor: They  subsidize their industries. They pollute the environment to gain that  unfair advantage. It is cheaper to make something if you don't dispose  of waste or you put contaminants into the air instead of disposing of  them in another way.   Ohioans know all too well about being forced to compete with  countries that cheat.   Why have we let another day go by with this still on the books? If we  don't remove it now, Russia will continue to use the status to position  their industries in the global market, hurting American companies in  the process.   It is not a partisan issue. A couple weeks ago--almost a month ago--I  introduced the bicameral, bipartisan bill with Senator Cassidy of  Louisiana to remove Russia's permanent normal trade relations status.  There is bipartisan support to do this quickly.   I have worked with my colleague Senator Crapo on many Russia  sanctions efforts over the years. I trust him. I know we share the same  goals, but it is Senator Paul, speaking for whomever on this, not  letting this bill through.   I am hopeful there is a path forward. I hope we can work out  differences quickly. The majority--an overwhelming majority of this  body wants to move. We all--we should all stand together saying  countries that invade a sovereign nation will not have free and  unrestricted access to our economy, period.   Again, countries that invade another sovereign nation will not-- should not--have free and unrestricted access to our economy. It is  time to come together to end permanent normal trade relations with  Russia.   