 Mr. President, on Tuesday night, the Senate took a  significant and historic vote to strengthen one of our Nation's oldest  and most trusted institutions--the U.S. Postal Service.   For the past 15 years, this vital service that delivers to every  single community in our country, no matter how remote, has faced  unfair, burdensome requirements that have jeopardized its financial  stability and its ability to provide reliable and timely delivery to  Americans all across our country.   With 79 votes for the Postal Service Reform Act--one of the strongest  bipartisan votes the Senate has delivered during this Congress--we  passed significant reforms that will set the Postal Service on a more  stable financial footing, preserve mail delivery for 6 days a week, and  ensure greater transparency of delivery performance for the people who  are counting on the Postal Service to bring them critical mail.   When our Nation's Founders enshrined the Postal Service in our  Constitution, they could have never envisioned what a vital role this  institution would play in the daily lives of Americans. Whether it is  families who are receiving critical medications or connecting with  loved ones, veterans and seniors who are relying on the mail for  benefits and Social Security checks, or small businesses that are  sending important financial documents and their products to customers,  Americans are counting on the Postal Service to deliver. Over the past  few years--especially during COVID-19--we have seen just how essential  the Postal Service is to keeping our country connected.  [[Page S1083]]    The legislation that we passed earlier this week with overwhelming  bipartisan support will help ensure that the Postal Service can  continue its vital mission, and I am looking forward to seeing  President Biden sign it into law.   I am proud of our bipartisan efforts to protect this vital public  service, and I would like to take just a few moments to thank the many  people who made this possible.   First, I want to recognize my Senate colleague on this effort,  Senator Rob Portman, who is the ranking member of the Homeland Security  and Governmental Affairs Committee.   I am also grateful to Chairwoman Maloney and Ranking Member Comer on  the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, who worked with me hand in  hand, as well as with Senator Portman, to write and to build key  support for this legislation.   Senator Carper, who is a former chairman of Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs and a stalwart advocate for the Postal Service,  was an absolutely indispensable resource, a critical voice, and we  worked together to advance this bill.   I would also like to recognize each of our Senate cosponsors:  Senators Tillis, Sinema, and Burr, Chairman Wyden of the Senate Finance  Committee, Senators Collins, Hassan, Daines, Rosen, Capito, Padilla,  Sullivan, Manchin, Hawley, Schatz, Blunt, Rounds, Smith, Cramer, Reed,  Murkowski, Chairman Sanders of the Budget Committee, and Senators  Hoeven, Tester, Moran, and Kaine.   Key stakeholders like the Postal Service, our postal employee unions,  Postmaster General Louis DeJoy, and the countless members of the public  who spoke out about what timely service meant to them also played an  essential role in providing technical assistance and building support  in passing this legislation.   But none of these vital reforms to protect this longstanding public  service would have been possible without the dedicated and tireless  work of congressional staff.   First, I would like to recognize my staff on the Homeland Security  and Governmental Affairs Committee, who worked tirelessly to ensure  this bill received bipartisan and bicameral support, as well as  stakeholder support.   Thank you to Annika Christensen, Lena Chang, and Victoria Pleasant  for your determined efforts to craft and build support for this  consensus reform.   I would also like to thank Senator Portman's staff, Pam Theissen,  Andy Dockham, Amanda Neely, and Renee Sheehy, who all played an  important role in crafting and passing these reforms.   On the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, Mark Stephenson and  Ethan Van Ness on Chairwoman Maloney's staff, as well as Christian  Hoehner, Jake Greenberg, Daniel Ashworth, and Bill Womack on Ranking  Member Comer's staff, provided valuable counsel and expertise on the  legislation.   Senate Finance Committee Chairman Wyden's staff, Eva Dugoff and Sam  Conchuratt, and Ranking Member Crapo's staff, Erin Dempsey, offered  vital assistance to ensure the Medicare integration proposal worked  effectively.   House Ways and Means Committee staff Kathryn Olson, T.J. Sutcliffe,  and Elisa Walker all provided critical technical assistance.   Leader Schumer's staff provided vital expertise and guidance  throughout the entire process and especially over the past few weeks as  we prepared to pass this bill on the floor.   Finally, Jackie Maffucci from Senator Carper's office and Erin Bursch  and Erin Schulte from Senator Sinema's office spent countless hours  helping to craft and secure robust support for the bill.   These folks, along with countless others, ensured that the Postal  Service would be able to keep delivering for the American people.   In recent years, it has been a rare occasion when the Senate comes  together to pass this kind of bipartisan, consensus legislation with  such overwhelming support to address a very, very real problem. I am  grateful to every person who played a role in raising awareness-- working on this legislation--and getting it passed by both the House  and the Senate.   Once signed into law, this groundbreaking, bipartisan bill will help  ensure that the Postal Service can continue its nearly 250-year  tradition of providing delivery to every American.   I yield the floor.   