 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I want to thank my good friend, the chairman of the Rules Committee,  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I would just like to take a moment to  recognize someone who absolutely exemplifies the bipartisanship and  camaraderie of the Rules Committee staff, and that is James Fitzella.  He has worked on the Rules Committee for 7 years, and I am incredibly  sad to say that he is leaving us for the private sector. His commitment  to this institution and working across the aisle to get things done,  that attitude will be truly missed.   He served the Rules Committee with integrity, dedication, and  unwavering optimism. Congressional staff are often the unsung heroes of  this body and of any legislative accomplishment, and this is absolutely  the truth in James' case.   I know I speak for everybody on the Rules Committee when I extend my  sincere gratitude to James for his public service and wish him our very  best.   I would also be remiss if I didn't recognize Jeff Gohringer, who is  leaving the majority staff after being on the Rules Committee for 6  years. I am sure Chairman McGovern would agree that we would be lost  without the excellent work from our staff members.   I know Jeff was an absolutely critical part of the team, so I would  like to also extend my best wishes to Jeff in his future endeavors as  well.   Mr. Speaker, let's talk about the rule before us. The rule before us  today makes in order H.R. 3967, the Honoring our PACT Act.   As an Iraq war veteran, I believe supporting toxic-exposed veterans  should be of the highest priority.   Approximately 3.5 million veterans who served our Nation after the  terrorist attacks of 9/11 were exposed to open-air burn pits and other  toxins. Many of these troops now suffer from serious health issues,  including rare and aggressive cancers, respiratory conditions, and  other illnesses. Yet, they face significant barriers to obtaining help  from the VA.   These men and women put their lives on the line to defend our  freedoms. We must provide them with the care and benefits they have  earned.   That is why I am disappointed that we are here considering H.R. 3967  rather than voting on the Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act, a  bipartisan bill that has already passed the Senate by unanimous  consent. If we took up that bill immediately, it could be signed into  law by the end of the week, ensuring swift delivery of lifesaving care  for toxic-exposed veterans.   Instead, here we are, prioritizing a bill that must still undergo a  lengthy analysis process and many legislative considerations. We also  have to look at the impact on the current VA and those that are getting  benefits now from the VA, and the backlog that exists in our VA system.   Republicans want to quickly deliver help to veterans suffering from  toxic exposure. The best way to do that is to bring the Senate-passed  Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act to the House floor.    Prioritizing H.R. 3967 will only slow down the process and delay  implementation of toxic exposure benefits. I, therefore, urge my  colleagues to oppose this rule, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Just a quick point of rebuttal. I would just remind my good friend  from Massachusetts that passage of H.R. 3967 is not guaranteed in the  Senate.   We don't have that concern when we are talking about the Health Care  for Burn Pit Veterans Act, which has already passed the Senate by  unanimous consent. We could pass that today here on the floor this  week. It could be signed into law this week. Doing anything other is  simply to delay assistance to the veterans who need it most.   Now, to the topic of Ukraine. In the wake of Vladimir Putin's brutal,  brutal invasion of Ukraine, the world is crying out for an alternative  to Russian energy. Pennsylvania, and the rest of America's heartland,  could provide that alternative.   But President Biden and Congressional Democrats refuse to let that  happen. They would rather promote their radical Green New Deal agenda  and continue buying oil from Putin's ruthless regime. They would rather  do that than unleash domestic energy production, and that includes  Pennsylvania coal, oil, and natural gas industries. They would rather  do that than lower gas and heating prices for American families and  strengthen our national security through becoming an energy exporter.   Republicans, on the other hand, actually want to make America energy  independent once again, just like we were in the last administration.   That is why, Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will  personally offer an amendment to the rule to immediately consider the  American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Here to explain the amendment is one of the bill's  authors, the Natural Resources Committee ranking member and my good  friend. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Westerman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional  15 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, one of the best ways that we can support the Ukrainian  people, and President Zelensky by extension, is by ensuring that we  have a steady supply of American energy and that we are supplying our  allies in Eastern Europe. This will also deny Putin a major revenue  stream.   Alarmingly, U.S. oil imports from Russia reached an 11-year high in  2021, accounting for more than 10 percent of the total U.S. crude oil  and petroleum product imports.   Here to explain why that should concern all Americans is my good  friend, my mentor, the ranking member of the Rules Committee,   Tom  Cole.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, one in six American adults reported they cannot pay  their full energy bill in the last 12 months. That is appalling. It is  especially appalling given the fact that at our fingertips we have an  abundance of energy. In Pennsylvania alone, we have oil, gas, and clean  coal. We should be unleashing the American energy sector.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico  (Ms. Herrell), who is here to talk more about this.    Mr. Speaker, just three quick points in rebuttal.  First and foremost, I myself am a veteran of the Iraq war. I was there  for 6 months, actually, in 2009.   If we would just pass the Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act that  the Senate passed by unanimous consent, we could pass that and put it  on the President's desk at the end of this week. There is nothing  standing in our way except the Democratic Party on this.   Also, I would just remind my good friend from Massachusetts that my  motion does not prevent the House from considering the Honoring our  PACT Act. It doesn't. It simply amends the rule to also allow for  consideration of the American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   I am sure everyone on the other side of the aisle would agree that  lowering gas and heating prices for all American families and ending  our dependence on Russian oil is of the utmost importance. In fact, I  just got an alert that a gentleman from my colleague's State General  Assembly just put forward a bill on the floor of the General Assembly  of Massachusetts to stop the importation of Russian oil.   Sixty percent of the natural gas our country imports actually goes to  Massachusetts. People don't realize that. But if New York would get out  of the way and allow Pennsylvania to have a pipeline from Pennsylvania  to New England, the New Englanders wouldn't need dirty Russian oil.  They could use Pennsylvania natural gas. But I digress. We can and  should find the time this week to add the American Energy Independence  from Russia Act to our agenda.   Lastly, ad nauseam, I have heard bill after bill after bill from the  leftists across the other side of the aisle on electric vehicles, and  yet again I am reminded that the Republicans are the real party of  science because if you look at the actual science, an electric car will  generate just 23 percent fewer greenhouse gas emissions than a  gasoline-powered car.   In fact, if you were to take every gas-powered car on the face of the  planet and get rid of it, it would only mean a mere 1.8 percent decline  in total emissions. This is fake science. We have alchemy and  chemistry. We have astrology and we have astronomy. We have the  Democrat Party and we have the Republican Party.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Dakota  (Mr. Armstrong), my good friend, to talk more about this.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), my good friend and the Republican whip.    Mr. Speaker, just one point in rebuttal to my good  friend from Massachusetts: Republicans do support toxic-exposed  veterans. Yesterday, I personally offered an amendment in the Rules  Committee to bring up the Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act. By the  way, that passed unanimously in the Senate. We could again be doing  that right now. That doesn't stop us from debating the current bill. We  can walk and chew gum at the same time, but the only thing that is  delaying getting the Senate version of this bill on to the President's  desk at the end of this week is the Democratic Party. We could pass  that bill this week.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Graves) to talk about oil and gas and energy issues.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have talked a lot today about the  Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act, which is again, the Senate  version. That legislation carries the support of leading veteran  service organizations, VSOs, including Disabled American Veterans,  Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Wounded Warrior Project, Iraq and  Afghanistan Veterans of America, and the American Legion, as well as  the Military Officers Association of America.   Again, that Senate version passed unanimously. We could be running  that here today and get it on the President's desk at the end of the  week. The only thing that stands between getting help to veterans right  now in terms of the burn pit issues is the Democrat Party's refusal to  just run the Senate version of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McCarthy), the Republican leader.    Mr. Speaker, so just a quick history lesson. The  Obama-Biden administration sent Ukraine blankets and well-wishes. The  Trump administration sent Javelin missiles. That is the big difference.   You know, I have said numerous times standing up here that the  Democratic Party is a party of political science. I could be even more  generous. The Democratic Party is also a party of false choices and  false narratives. The Democrats have presented us with a false choice  when it comes to U.S. energy and also a false narrative.   Let me be clear: We can unleash domestic energy and be good stewards  of the environment. Thanks to American energy innovation, thanks to the  energy sector, the U.S., at least under President Trump, was actually  reducing carbon emissions. In Pennsylvania, for example, thanks to  natural gas, our energy sector has reduced emissions by 41 percent  since 2005.    Again, it is an absolutely false choice. It is a false narrative that  we cannot unleash the American energy sector and be good stewards of  the environment. In fact, quite the opposite. We actually are good  stewards of the environment when we are using clean natural gas,  particularly from Pennsylvania.   But here to talk more about that issue is my good friend, the ranking  member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and one of the authors  of the American Energy Independence from Russia Act, Cathy McMorris  Rodgers.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. Rodgers).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers at this  time, and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I am an Iraq war veteran. I was in Baghdad for 6 months  in 2009. I can tell you that I am committed to ensuring the men and  women who served our Nation receive the care and benefits they deserve.  It is of utmost importance to me as a Member of this body and as an  Iraq war veteran.   That is the reason why I am so disappointed in my friends across the  aisle. I am disappointed that instead of considering the Senate-passed  Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act--which, again, could immediately  be sent to the President's desk--House Democrats are prioritizing  legislation that is still a long way away from enactment and will delay  benefits for toxic-exposed veterans.   Let me be clear. We can get help to veterans. We can get this bill to  the desk of the President by the end of this week. The only thing  standing in the way are my friends on the other side of the aisle.   It is for that reason I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  previous question and vote ``no'' on the rule.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   