 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 5060, which designates the  Federal building located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the Paul D.  Wellstone Federal Building.   Paul Wellstone served two full terms in the Senate before his life,  as well as the lives of his wife, daughter, several campaign staff, and  pilots were taken in a tragic plane crash in Minnesota.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, this bill recognizes Senator Wellstone's  service to our country and dedication to the people of Minnesota.   Madam Speaker, I urge the support of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, S. 4017, which  designates the United States Courthouse located in Jackson, Tennessee,  as the James D. Todd United States Courthouse.   I thank my colleague Representative Kustoff for introducing the House  version of this legislation, which has the support of the entire  Tennessee delegation.   Judge Todd was first nominated to the United States District Court  for the Western District of Tennessee in 1985 by President Reagan.   Judge Todd served in the District Court as chief judge from 2001 to  2007. After 36 years of public service for the judiciary, Judge Todd  assumed inactive senior status in September 2021.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff), the sponsor of the House companion to this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, in closing, this bill honors Judge James  Todd for his many years of service to the United States Judiciary and  the State of Tennessee.   Madam Speaker, I urge its support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation known as  Sami's Law and to applaud the dedication and efforts of the gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), who worked tirelessly on this legislation.   As amended, Sami's Law prohibits the unauthorized sale of  transportation network company ride-hailing signage, authorizes  enforcement policies, and requires the Government Accountability Office  to study incidents of physical and sexual assault of passengers and  drivers of TNC vehicles, taxicabs, and other for-hire vehicles.   Sami's Law will protect passengers and drivers of TNCs and for-hire  vehicles and will ensure data is collected on TNC-related assault and  abuse.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith), the sponsor of this bill.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 1082 will improve the safety of  prospective rideshare passengers by prohibiting the unauthorized sale  of ride-hailing signage.   This legislation will also help protect all of our constituents as  GAO analyzes the occurrence of assaults against both passengers and  drivers of for-hire vehicles.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Smith of New Jersey for his  tireless efforts and urge support of this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   