 Mr. President, as my colleague, the senior Senator from  Iowa, has shown, Hunter Biden and James Biden received millions of  dollars from companies connected to the communist Chinese regime.  Frankly, it is worse than that. These companies were effectively an arm  of the Chinese Government.   This isn't Russian disinformation; these are hard facts backed up by  bank records of actual financial records and transactions that prove  just how connected the Bidens were and how compromised President Biden  probably is.   I use this next series of transactions to prove my point.   The first chart here shows a bank record showing a $1 million wire  transfer into the account of Hudson West III from CEFC Limited on  November 2, 2017. As Senator Grassley and I have already established,  CEFC is effectively an arm of the communist Chinese regime. It is also  important to note that at the time of this transfer, in November 2017,  Hunter Biden was already invested in and providing management for  Hudson West III. So a company that was effectively an arm of the  Chinese Government transferred $1 million in November 2017 to a company  that Hunter Biden is managing and is invested in.   I also bring up the second record. Focus on the $1 million wired out  on March 22, 2018. Again, this is a record from Hudson West III's bank  account. Like the previous record, this is showing the transfer of $1  million, but this time the money is being transferred out of Hudson  West III to OWASCO, another one of Hunter Biden's firms. This transfer  took place on March 22, 2018, a little less than 5 months after the $1  million transfer from CEFC to Hudson West III.   Hunter is transferring $1 million between two firms he manages and  has ownership in. So what is the purpose of these two $1 million  transfers? This next record seems to answer that question. This record  shows OWASCO's receipt of the March 22, 2018, $1 million transfer. It  also shows what the transfer is for on the OBI line. ``OBI'' is an  abbreviation for ``originating beneficiary information.'' It is like  the memo line on your personal check; it tells you really what that  check was about. In this case, the OBI indicates the transfer is being  made for ``Dr. Patrick Ho Chi Ping representation.''   So, to recap, on November 2, 2017, Patrick Ho's company, CEFC, wired  $1 million to Hunter Biden's company, Hudson West III. On March 22,  2018, Hudson West III wired $1 million to OWASCO, another Hunter Biden  company. The bank record clearly states that the $1 million payment was  being made for the purpose of representing Patrick Ho.   Represent him for what? Here is where things get interesting. We know  that Patrick Ho was arrested by U.S. authorities in November 2017 for  international bribery and money laundering charges. Keep in mind that  this arrest occurred in the same month that Patrick Ho's company, CEFC,  is wiring $1 million to Hunter Biden's company, Hudson West III.  According to the Department of Justice, ``Ho orchestrated and executed  two bribery schemes to pay top officials of Chad and Uganda in exchange  for business advantages for CEFC China, a Shanghai-based multibillion  dollar conglomerate that operates in multiple sectors, including oil,  gas, and banking.'' These are crimes for which Patrick Ho is eventually  convicted and sent to Federal prison for committing.   So the company that Patrick Ho was making bribes for sends $1 million  to a company Hunter Biden manages and is invested in. That company, in  turn, transfers a million dollars to another Hunter Biden company for  the purposes of representing Patrick Ho, who is eventually convicted of  international bribery and money laundering.   Guess what Patrick Ho did around the same time he was arrested by the  FBI for corruption and bribery. He contacted James Biden, President  Biden's brother. Patrick Ho's decision to call the Biden family  around the same time he got arrested is revealing, particularly in  light of the fact that the same month, a million dollars just happened  to be transferred to Hunter Biden's company.    Now, Hunter Biden isn't a criminal defense attorney. Patrick Ho was  charged and convicted for bribery and related Federal offenses and  crimes. So what kind of representation was Patrick Ho's company paying  Hunter Biden's firm to provide? Were they paying for his firm's legal  expertise or for Hunter's political connections?   In March 2021, Senator Grassley and I asked the Justice Department  about Patrick Ho. Why? Because there is a Federal court filing that  says the Department has FISA records on Patrick Ho. We requested these  records. In response, the Department would not confirm whether they  even had his records. Unfortunately, the Attorney General refuses to  clarify that outrageous contradiction for Congress.   Oh, and one more tidbit. In a recently uncovered audio extracted from  his laptop, Hunter Biden referred to Patrick Ho as the ``[expletive  deleted] spy chief of China.'' Let that sink in a minute. Hunter Biden  referred to Patrick Ho in an audio as the ``[expletive deleted] spy  chief of China.'' This quote alone tells you that Hunter Biden knew  exactly who he was dealing with. He knew exactly who he was dealing  with. He was dealing with the ``[expletive deleted] spy chief of  China.'' Now, that fact should alert the media and our Democrat  colleagues to seriously consider the implications the Biden's family  vast web of foreign financial entanglements have in the conduct of this  administration's foreign policy and our national security, but I am not  holding my breath.   In October 2020, Senator Grassley and I requested to interview Hunter  and James Biden about their financial dealings. If they had nothing to  hide, they could have volunteered to come in and sit for an interview.  If there was an innocent explanation for these foreign financial  transactions, they could have used that interview to clarify what those  transactions were about. Unfortunately, rather than being transparent,  honest, and forthcoming, they declined to speak to us. Their silence  speaks volumes.   Fortunately, facts are stubborn things. As the Bidens, our Democrat  colleagues, and the media are learning, it is difficult to keep them  hidden forever. Senator Grassley and I will continue to investigate the  Biden family's foreign financial entanglements and provide the American  people with the truth to the best of our ability.   Our challenge is that the deep state does not give up its secrets  easily. New evidence of Biden family influence peddling is surfacing on  a regular basis, often coming from records from Hunter Biden's laptop-- the same laptop, by the way, that the media and deep state foreign  intelligence agency officials inferred--strongly inferred--was, you  guessed it, Russian disinformation. And their guile worked.   Prior to the election, people bought the fact that that laptop was  probably Russian disinformation. It wasn't. As the New York Times just  admitted about a year too late--more than a year too late--that laptop  is authentic, and the evidence it is producing is real. But, of course,  that laptop wasn't Russian disinformation, nor is any of the  information we presented in our reports and here on the floor of the  Senate.   We may never know all the details of the Biden family foreign  entanglements or the full extent to which those entanglements  compromise our current President, but I am pretty confident I know who  does know--intelligence operatives in Russia, China, Iran, and North  Korea. Elements within our U.S. intelligence agencies probably also  know; they are just not going to tell us or you, the American people.   Senator Grassley and I will return for our third speeches in this  series on the Biden family's foreign financial entanglements.   Until then, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   