 Mr. Speaker, I commend the authors of the Fiscal Year 2023  Omnibus Appropriations Bill for including funding for Department of  Defense programs to support critically needed, secure, leading-edge  domestic semiconductor manufacturing technology. Specifically:   $40 million in additional funding for Industrial Base Analysis and  Sustainment Program's (IBAS) on-shore advanced packaging for strategic  mission enablement within the Research, Development, Test and  Evaluation, Defense-Wide account:   $10 million in additional funding for Aerospace Sensors' zero-trust  environment for semiconductor technology within the Research,  Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force account; and   $5 million in additional funding for Aerospace Sensors' heterogeneous  integration of microelectronics within the Research. Development, Test  and Evaluation, Air Force account.   Microelectronics support nearly all DoD activities, enabling  capabilities such as the global positioning system, radar, command and  control, and communication. Ensuring secure access to leading-edge  microelectronics, however, is a challenge. The pandemic has shined a  light on the challenges associated with the global supply chain, the  changing global semiconductor industry, and the sophistication of U.S.  adversaries, who might target military electronic components.   IBAS is dedicated to ensuring that the DoD is positioned to  effectively address industrial base issues and support the National  Security Innovation Base. This includes strengthening and protecting  the domestic semiconductor supply chain to provide access to leading- edge capabilities to accelerate innovation. One of the next generation  semiconductor technologies that IBAS is focusing on is called  Heterogeneous Integration and Advanced Packing. These activities  provide credible and reliable domestic advanced microelectronics  manufacturing capability. Funding for machine tooling and advanced  manufacturing capabilities will allow IBAS to support these next  generation production lines.   Further, the Air Force Research Lab (AFRL) is working on a new  modelling and simulation research program to advance next generation  semiconductor design and manufacturing, called a secure digital twin.  Funding for the zero-trust environment for semiconductor technology  will help provide the capabilities to deliver solutions to protect  against malicious function insertion, fraudulent products, theft of  intellectual property, and reliability failures within DoD  semiconductors.   I believe Congress should provide the resources necessary to update  our domestic microelectronics security framework. I am proud of the  work being undertaken in my district to support domestic semiconductor  manufacturing technology development as we work to address this  critical supply chain. I look forward to continuing to work with my  colleagues to support this goal.   