 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Case for the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 263, the Big Cat Public Safety  Act. The bill is a long-overdue fix to a public safety and animal  welfare problem that has been with us for too long.   I hear from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, my  Republican friends, that not only is it duplicative, but it is  unnecessary and a waste of time. Unfortunately, my colleagues have  undertaken a potted plant strategy in terms of how they do business in  the House: just water us, we are just going to sit there, and we are  not going to do nothing. They are using legislation like this one to  sustain a blame game more political than substantive regarding  decisions being made by the administration or the majority in this  House. I understand that. But it is a selective blame game.   We don't talk about the threat to our democracy, we don't talk about  the criminalization of a woman's right to make health decisions, and we  don't talk about the creeping authoritarianism that we see in our  country. We don't talk about those things. I think that if we are going  to have a discussion and assess blame, that the discussion is open on  all sides.   So there are more big cats in private ownership and in captivity than  in the wild. Private ownership of tigers, lions, leopards, and other  big cats does absolutely nothing to help these endangered and  threatened species recover in the wild.   To make matters worse, it poses a threat to first responders and the  public who often don't even know they are in a community until an  emergency happens.   State laws banning or regulating big cats vary greatly, and  enforcement varies greatly. There is no Federal policy regarding the  private possession of big cats, many of which are bred for cub petting  and photo opportunities and then sold into private possession once they  are too old for photo ops.   Contrary to what we have heard today, the USDA does not have  jurisdiction over private ownership of big cats. Instead, the Fish and  Wildlife Service is tasked with banning the breeding and possession of  big cats under the Lacey Act, which is a natural extension of the work  the Fish and Wildlife Service already does to regulate the breeding of  ESA-listed species.   So it is germane to our committee, it is where it should be, and the  Fish and Wildlife Service is the appropriate agency with both the  experiences and the linkages to do this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation.   