 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R.  8294.   Before I get into the details of the Interior-Environment section of  the bill, I thank Chairwoman DeLauro and Ranking Member Granger for  their leadership on the Appropriations Committee.   I also extend my sincere thanks to Chellie Pingree, the chair of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Chair Pingree  has been a fair leader, and I appreciate the work she has done on the  many bipartisan priorities in the Interior bill, and to her staff for  their tireless efforts.   The Interior bill provides funding for many important and critical  programs that help conserve and protect our Nation's most critical  natural, cultural, and environmental resources. More than that, it  makes investments that matter to communities, businesses, and  industries across the country.   The bill provides strong support for our National Parks, helps fight  catastrophic wildfires, addresses our aging infrastructure, and fully  funds the Payment in Lieu of Taxes, or PILT program.   I am grateful for my home district in Ohio that the bill provides  increased funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. The GLRI  funding is critical in our work to restore and protect the lakes for  future generations.   Finally, I am pleased the bill advances longstanding efforts to  increase the Federal commitment to honor our treaties and trust  responsibilities with the American Indians and Alaskan Natives by  providing a $12.6 billion investment in Indian Country; and a new  provision that will help ensure sovereignty of Tribal laws.   Unfortunately, while I am supportive of many of the bipartisan  components of the bill, I am unable to support it today given serious  spending and policy concerns.   First and foremost, the bill fails to recognize the situation the  country is now in and reverse this administration's assault on  conventional energy production.   It eliminates longstanding, bipartisan provisions and adds new,  controversial policy riders that would weaken U.S. energy and mineral  security by limiting domestic development of these and other natural  resources.   Given the rising energy costs and unprecedented prices we are seeing  at the gas pump, it is now more important than ever that we continue to  support our all-of-the-above energy strategy.   New provisions would prevent and disincentivize domestic production,  only making us more dependent on our adversaries. Simply put, these  provisions undermine the American energy sector and fail to put  American industries and the American people first.   Similar riders were dropped from the final conference agreement last  year, and the same must be done again before this bill can be signed  into law.   We must also address the spending in this bill before we can reach a  final agreement. With a top-line increase of nearly $7 billion in  double-digit increases across many of the agencies, the spending is  simply irresponsible in the absence of a broader, fiscally responsible  Federal budget.   With record-high inflation under this administration, now is the time  to limit spending. The Federal Government must make the tough choices  to live within its means and work to rein in Federal spending to  protect families from inflationary pressures and future generations  from crippling debt.   It is the combination of these funding and policy reasons that I  cannot support the bill at this time.   I look forward to supporting amendments to improve H.R. 8294,  including one to remove a harmful rider on trophy permits, and my  amendment to add limits on the burdensome SEC climate rule.   The SEC, which has no mandate to regulate carbon emissions, wants  public companies to disclose new climate-related information, including  greenhouse gas emissions. These requirements have already lessened  investor enthusiasm for domestic drilling and oil protection.   At the same time, my friends on the other side of the aisle ask our  energy producers to expand capacity--which, of course, requires  investment.   Make no mistake, this rule will impact businesses of all kinds--small  and large, public and private, energy and non-energy.   Under this rule, many public companies will be required to disclose  not only their greenhouse gas emissions, but also the emissions of  businesses upstream and downstream in their value chain.   Congress created the SEC to protect investors, maintain fair,  orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation--not  to set climate policy.   Unfortunately, the agency has lost its focus. I look forward to the  debate on these key issues across all our appropriations bills and am  committed to working with Chair Pingree and our colleagues as the  fiscal year 2023 process moves forward to craft legislation that can  receive bipartisan support.   Until then, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  package.   