 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6531, the  Targeting Resources to Communities in Need Act, a bipartisan bill that  I introduced with Hal Rogers of Kentucky and Senators Cory Booker and  Rob Portman, to ensure that communities that have been determined to be  suffering from persistent poverty received a more equitable share of  Federal investments.   According to the Census Bureau there are nearly 500 persistent  poverty counties in our great country. They are defined as counties  that have had a poverty rate of 20 percent or more for the last 30  years.   These counties are as diverse as the country, including White  communities in Appalachia, African-American communities in the South,  Latino communities in the Southwest, and Native American communities  throughout the West.   In 2009, I included a provision in the American Recovery and  Reinvestment Act requiring that at least 10 percent of the funds in  three rural development accounts be spent in these counties. This  became known as the 10-20-30 funding formula.   The formula worked effectively, efficiently, and equitably; funding  infrastructure projects including water neglected for far too long.  [[Page H4763]]    Over the past 12 years, Democrats and Republicans have worked  together to expand this approach to nearly 20 appropriations accounts.  Much of this progress was made when Mr. Rogers was chair of the  Appropriations Committee, and I thank him for his leadership.   This legislation would expand this 10-20-30 targeted formula  throughout the Federal Government; recognizing that the best way to  target funding in these areas may differ from program to program.   Our bill gives discretion to Federal agencies led by OMB to tailor  the policy to the needs of each program while requiring them to report  to Congress on the progress being made to create and expand  opportunities in these communities.   This bill does not increase Federal spending one iota. It simply  targets Federal resources to communities that are most in need.   In closing, I thank my friend Hal Rogers for his collaboration, and I  ask our colleagues for their support of this effort to make America's  greatness more accessible and affordable to all communities.   