 Madam President, last week I spoke on the floor, and I  reflected on the unthinkable events of January 6, 2021. We all remember  when a violent mob attempted to snuff out one of our democracy's most  sacred traditions: the peaceful transition of power. That mob's attack  on our Nation's Capitol was fueled by our former President's Big Lie,  the utterly false alternate reality that Joe Biden stole the 2020  election through widespread fraud.   But the January 6 insurrection, as nightmarish as it was, was not the  only thing that was spawned by the Big Lie. Inspired by the former  President's baseless conspiracy theory, dozens of States have passed  new laws suppressing voters and making it easier for partisan officials  to overturn the will of their constituents. These have been billed as  ``election integrity'' or ``election security'' laws. Even George  Orwell would be impressed by these brazen euphemisms.   Disenfranchising tens of thousands of minority voters does nothing to  improve the integrity of our elections, and empowering partisan actors  to disqualify ballots and ignore the popular will actually makes our  elections more insecure.   A record number of these voter suppression laws are being considered  and enacted as we head toward a major midterm election that will shape  the direction of our country. Many of these laws would not see the  light of day if the Department of Justice still possessed its  preclearance powers under the 1965 Voting Rights Act. However, the  Supreme Court unwisely decided to gut the Justice Department's  preclearance powers in the Shelby County v. Holder decision in 2013.  And then, adding insult to injury, the Supreme Court toppled another  critical pillar of the Voting Rights Act in the 2021 Brnovich decision,  even further limiting the Federal Government's tools to combat voter  suppression.   So with a green light from our Nation's highest Court and constant  prodding from a man who refuses to accept reality, partisan State  actors have breathed new life into the Big Lie--not by breaking laws as  the January 6 mob did but by making them.   Now, I happen to have a bipartisan bill to restore the Justice  Department's powers to oversee and prevent States from enacting  discriminatory voting laws: the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement  Act. I worked very hard to craft a compromise bill that has garnered  Republican support here in the Senate, so it was truly a low point when  Republicans recently refused to even allow debate on my bipartisan  legislation--wouldn't even allow debate. Isn't that the whole point of  being a Senator--to debate and vote on bills?   How can you justify telling your constituents that you refuse to even  allow debate on a voting rights bill with a 56-year record of  bipartisanship? Are we that afraid to simply do our jobs?   It bears repeating, but the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act  would simply restore and update provisions of the Voting Rights Act  that have been overwhelmingly supported by both parties throughout the  law's history. The Voting Rights Act has been reauthorized by large  bipartisan majorities in Congress five times and proudly signed into  law by Presidents Nixon, Reagan, and George W. Bush. That is not what  you might call a liberal trio of Presidents.   The most recent Voting Rights Act reauthorization in 2006 was a 98- to-0  [[Page S104]]  vote here in the Senate. In fact, a number of Senators still serving  today, both Republican and Democrat, voted to support that legislation,  as did I.   Now, the compromise bill I crafted with Senator Murkowski follows the  very same blueprint of these other bipartisan efforts to restore the  Voting Rights Act. Probably I am old-fashioned, but it would be a  tragedy if Senators have completely sacrificed our sense of common  purpose at the altar of partisanship.   We used to believe that protecting our right to vote--the very right  that gives democracy its name--is bigger than party or politics. We  used to believe that a system of self-government--a government of, by,  and for the people--is one that is worth preserving for generations to  come.   And we used to believe, regardless of party, that government exists  to serve the will of the people, not the other way around. I would  sincerely hope we still believe these things. The only way to prove it,  though, is through our actions.   I don't know what the next few weeks is going to have in store, but  if we have an opportunity to consider the bipartisan John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act, I hope that all of us--my Republican friends  and Democrats--will at least have the courage of their convictions and  allow a vote on it.   And if you oppose a bipartisan bill to restore a landmark voting  rights law that has had nearly six decades of unwavering bipartisan  support, then have the courage to stand up on the Senate floor and vote  against it. I, for one, will proudly vote yes. All the tweeting and  partisan posturing that seems to consume most of our energy these days  will quickly be forgotten. What will be remembered for decades is what  the Senate did in our democracy's hour of peril. I hope--indeed, I  pray--that the answer is not nothing.   Too many hide behind parliamentary procedures not to have to vote on  anything. What is wrong with us? We get 6-year terms. Don't be afraid  to vote. Vote yes or vote no, but stand up and let the people know  where you stand and vote. This ``Well, we are going to block this  coming to a vote'' means, ``I don't have the courage to stand up and  vote.'' That is all it means.   If you want to stop these things from coming to a vote, it means you  don't have the courage to vote; you are not willing to go on record and  vote or you are afraid somebody might look at your vote someday and  say: Hmm, why did he or she vote that way?   I have voted more than 17,000 times on this floor. I have been proud  to vote the way I have. I am sure I could look back over decades of  voting and find a vote here and a vote there and say: You know, maybe I  should have voted differently, but these issues always come back up  again, and I will correct my vote--but not if we are not allowed to  vote.   I had one Senator say that the reason we want this kind of open  voting is so that we can elect just Democrats. That is balderdash. My  State of Vermont has probably the most open voting, the most accessible  voting, of any State in the Union. We also have one of the highest  turnouts of any State in the Union. Anybody can request an absentee  ballot. Anybody can vote right up to the last minute.   And is this for partisanship? I look at the last election a little  over a year ago. We elect our Governor and our Lieutenant Governor  separately. Voters all came to the polls in a record turnout. They  elected a Republican as Governor and a Democrat as Lieutenant Governor.  I think the Republican who was elected is proud of the way we vote, and  I know the Lieutenant Governor who was elected, she is proud of the way  we vote because it reflected that the voters actually vote for who they  want, not in some partisan way.   And we hurt this country and we hurt this Senate that I love if we  are afraid to vote. I am proud to be the dean of the Senate. I am proud  to be the President pro tempore. But I am not proud when we don't vote.  I am not proud when we hide behind mechanisms and we don't vote.   I am not proud to see partisan voting on nominees, something that has  blocked--something where there has been far more votes against women in  our Senate Judiciary Committee than I have seen in the decades I have  served on that committee.   We can't do this. Stand up and vote. Let people know where you stand.  If it is your automatic thing to vote against women for nominations, I  disagree with that, but have the courage to stand up and vote and show  people where you are. That is what we have to do.   If people are afraid to vote and have their votes heard, their votes  recorded, then they don't belong in the U.S. Senate--not in a body that  should be the conscience of the Nation.   I hope that we will come together and vote these voting rights bills  up or down. In this country, we have seen too many times in the past  where people were not allowed to vote or were blocked from voting--from  whatever way it was done. And think of every time that happened. Our  country suffered. Our country suffered.   What we are saying is, let everybody vote--whether Republicans,  Democrats, or Independents--stand up and vote, have the ability to  vote. Don't use artificial ways to block people from voting just  because you think they may vote differently than you do, just as I have  fought all my career to make sure that, in my own State of Vermont,  everybody has a chance to vote.   Marcelle and I have even done ads on our television saying: We want  everybody to vote, whether you are voting for a Republican or voting  for a Democrat. Get out and vote.   Of course, I was hoping they would vote for me, and I am sure my  Republican opponents hoped they would vote for them. But the point I  was trying to make is, it is important that everybody votes, whether  they are voting for me or against me. And that is why in Vermont we  have one of the highest percentage of voters.   And if we want to keep having these ``suppression of vote'' bills, we  all suffer. The country suffers. Our image around the world suffers.  Don't be afraid to vote. We are not going to get perfect people every  time, but we can have a perfect way of voting. In the long run, the  country is better off.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   