 Mr. Speaker, as we stand here right now, our servicemembers  have returned home from the battlefield only to become delayed  casualties of war due to their battlefield exposure to toxic burn pits.   My constituents, Jennifer Kepner and Alejandro Camacho, both  developed cancers from the burn pits' toxic smoke containing  carcinogens they breathed day in and day out while serving our country.  Jen Kepner died from pancreatic cancer, and Alejandro Camacho suffers  from testicular cancer.   Let me repeat that. They got sick because they were exposed to burn  pits' toxic smoke while doing their duty for our country.   To make matters worse, both Jennifer and Alejandro were turned down  when applying for benefits because the VA said that there wasn't enough  evidence to link their illness to their service.   To not give our veterans the proper care and benefits they earned and  rightly deserve is a dereliction of our Nation's duty.   That is why I introduced the Presumptive Benefits for War Fighters  Exposed to Burn Pits and Other Toxins Act.   It would create a presumption of service connection for 23 illnesses,  including cancers related to service near burn pits, and it has been  included in the Honoring our PACT Act.   My bill is the very soul of the Honoring our PACT Act. It would take  the burden off of our veterans to prove that they are sick as a result  of their service by presuming the reason they were diagnosed with this  illness is because of their service near burn pits.   Now is the time to fix this, and anything short of including all 23  of these illnesses is not good enough. The Health Care for Burn Pit  Veterans Act is not good enough. It will shortchange our veterans. It  is like telling a pneumonia patient who needs antibiotics for the cure  that, hey, listen, let's just give you Tylenol, call it a day, and we  have taken care of the patient. That is medical negligence, and that is  not what we are going to do to our veterans.   We cannot have another Agent Orange in our generation and ``delay  until dead'' as our Vietnam veterans have said.   So I urge my colleagues to support passage of this lifesaving  bipartisan bill. I urge them to stop the medical negligence and the  dereliction of duty to come together as a country and do what is right  because the science is there. It is not a secret. Carcinogens cause  cancer. Burn pits' smoke have carcinogens. Our burn pits veterans are  delayed casualties from cancers.    Mr. Speaker, I have been hearing these arguments or these  pleas that our colleagues on the other side agree with the sentiment,  that they agree that they want to take care of this. Well, those are  just words. Whether they agree will be demonstrated by their votes.  Those are actions.   I am hearing the same excuses that our Vietnam veterans heard when  they were dying from Agent Orange and pleading for help, the excuse  that the science is not there; we need more time; oh, it costs too  much.   Well, listen here, the science is there. As a medical professional, I  reviewed the science. The scientific studies were flawed. They did not  ask the right questions. And there is enough evidence from other  extrapolated data that shows that carcinogens can cause cancer, that  heavy toxic metals in your lungs can cause pulmonary fibrosis. We have  to make sure that if the burn pits are illegal in the United States,  they should be illegal everywhere else because of this science.   Then we hear, ``We need more time.'' Well, look, it has taken us  years to get to this point. I want them to ask the widows of General  Kepner and all the veterans, the thousands of widows and sons and  daughters who lost their parents, if they need more time. To them, it  is too late, and we need to act now.   Mr. Speaker, this is reminiscent of the notion that our Vietnam  veterans say, that what they want to do is delay till dead. Delay,  delay, delay until they are dead. We cannot allow that to happen.   Then the next is, ``It costs too much.'' Well, that is a value  statement. That is a value statement. To us, valuing the lives of our  veterans and their family members is more important than giving  billions of dollars to billionaires in a tax law that shortchanged the  middle class. Their Health Care for Burn Pit Veterans Act will  shortchange our veterans and their widows who need the care right now  because they are dying from burn pits.   That is our value, and that is the value I am pleading to the folks  on the other side to join us in, in a bipartisan way with unity to  support our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, veterans are watching. They are listening. They care.  Some are even listening to this with oxygen in nasal cannula taking  their medications. Some could possibly be in their hospital bed taking  chemotherapy. Some are in tears because a widow's and their father or  mother's experiences are finally being recognized, and finally, we are  able to do something. They are watching, and your sympathies will be  reflected in your vote.   