 Mr. Speaker, late yesterday afternoon my Republican  colleagues and I learned that Democrats were dropping H.R. 1 and H.R. 4  into what was supposed to be a NASA bill.   The American people join me in wondering why Democrats must resort to  procedural gimmicks to ram voting rights bills to the floor.   The answer is simple: Democrats are out of touch with Americans, who  repeatedly rejected the Biden administration's far-left agenda,  including its latest attempt to destroy the power of States to run  their own elections.   Unfortunately, we are hearing the same message today that we have  heard over and over again from the Democrats: That minority Americans  are not smart enough, not educated enough, and incapable of following  basic rules to vote in Federal elections. And I am personally offended  by this narrative.   Earlier this year, Senate Democrats held a hearing titled: ``Jim Crow  2021: The Latest Assault on the Right to Vote'' where they compared the  recent voting laws in Georgia to the Jim Crow laws in the days of  segregation.   As I stated in that hearing, I grew up in the Deep South during the  era of actual Jim Crow laws that suppressed voting.   What does actual voter suppression look like? It looks like poll  taxes, property tests, literacy tests, and violence and intimidation at  the polls. It looks like the segregated schools I attended in Florida  or the separate drinking fountains and restrooms that my race was  forced to use.   One section of the Georgia law that brought so much outrage from the  left simply requires everyone applying for an absentee ballot to  include evidence of a government-issued ID on their application.   I can assure you, my friends, minorities are capable of getting a  driver's license, passport, government check or any other number of  acceptable IDs.   Today's misnamed For the People Act won't fool Americans who have not  forgotten how far we have come since 1965 and who hold sacred their  constitutional right to vote.   I ask my colleagues to join me in rejecting this latest attempt to  remove power from the people and the States that best represent them.    