 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   I do think it is significant that the party that is now in the  majority that was previously in the minority took a different position  when it was not in the minority--when it was not in the majority and  when a President of their political party was not in power. There was  elaborate and, I believe, an excessive delay in the confirmation of a  lot of nominees, even more so than what we are seeing now.   I do have concerns that are particular as to this particular nominee  and not generalized. They are not concerns that could be dismissed  simply as a result of basic partisan disagreements, but based on views  that are considerably outside the mainstream and that are radical and  harmful.   Let me explain. As vice president of the think tank Jobs for the  Future, Ms. Loyd was responsible for overseeing that organization's  workforce development efforts through the lens of diversity, equity,  and inclusion.   It is of great concern to me that this body of work produced reports  that promulgated ideas aimed at furthering the divisive agenda of  critical race theory and ESG scores. One of the most alarming of these  reports is one that was published on September 8, 2020, which asserted  that due to ``unconscious or implicit bias toward minorities,''  managers are limiting the advancement or promotion of minorities in the  workforce.   These divisive, inflammatory assumptions are dangerous to the civil  fabric of our society. Elevating individuals who espouse this dangerous  and divisive ideology to key leadership positions within the Federal  Government will only further divide Americans, pitting them one against  another.   We should instead seek to elevate into positions of leadership those  who aim to unify the American people and emphasize the importance of  making sure that people are evaluated on the basis of the character of  their heart, not the color of their skin. Her work has done the  opposite of that.   In good conscience, I cannot and will not support the nomination of  Ms. Loyd; and on that basis, I object.   