 Mr. President, our democracy cannot hope to hang  together for very long without a trusted, balanced, and fairminded  Judiciary. As we have seen in stark and frightful ways in recent  months, the men and women who preside from the bench hold immense power  over our Nation's destiny and over our people's liberties.   When it comes to nominating people to the bench, it is imperative  that we get it right. So, today, the Senate will continue its duty to  advance President Biden's highly qualified, highly diverse, and highly  accomplished judicial nominees.   We will begin this afternoon by voting on the confirmation of Judge  John Lee to serve as circuit judge for the Seventh Circuit. If  confirmed, Judge Lee will make history as the first Asian American ever  to preside on the Seventh Circuit, joining the proud company of other  Biden nominees who are making our courts more reflective of our  country.   I expect Judge Lee to receive bipartisan support and his record  certainly merits it. He has already been confirmed by this Chamber when  appointed to serve as district judge roughly a decade ago. Over the  course of his tenure, Judge Lee has authored over 800 opinions, while  being reversed only 11 times.  [[Page S4452]]    Later today, the Senate will vote to advance the nomination of  another outstanding individual, Andre Mathis, to serve as circuit judge  for the Sixth Circuit. Mr. Mathis would be the first Black man  confirmed to the Sixth Circuit in nearly a quarter of a century and the  first to hail from Tennessee.   Growing up, Mr. Mathis knew what it was like to go days without food,  water, or heating, and yet, despite immense adversity, he was the first  in his family to attend college and graduate from law school with  honors. He spent over 15 years in private practice and has an extensive  pro bono record. If confirmed, I am confident Mr. Mathis would make an  excellent circuit court judge.   Confirming judges will continue to be a very top priority for the  Senate in the days and weeks and months to come. Last night, I filed  cloture on two additional circuit nominees which Members can expect to  begin voting on as soon as Thursday.   Now, I want to take a moment--a moment--to emphasize how far Senate  Democrats have come in keeping our promise to bring balance back to the  Federal bench, which under President Trump skewed dramatically to the  hard right. To date, Senate Democrats have confirmed 76 Federal judges,  far more than the number confirmed at this point in President Trump's  Presidency. In fact, we have confirmed more judges than either  President Trump or President Obama did this far into their  administrations.   In a dramatic break from the past, 75 percent of these nominees have  been women, half of them women of color. That is a figure, I dare say,  that has never been seen before when it comes to judicial nominees.   We are going to continue prioritizing judges moving forward. We  cannot let the judiciary succumb to the hard right because, as we have  seen, the consequences are devastating to the American people.   