 Mr. President, 35 years ago this month, every nation on  Earth came together for the first time in human history to sign onto a  global accord to save the planet's dying ozone layer. It was a  convergence unlike any before, uniting not just every member of the  United Nations but, in time, also the European Union and even the Holy  See.   That accord, of course, was the Montreal Protocol, hailed by then-UN  Secretary General Kofi Annan as ``perhaps the single most successful  international agreement to date.''   Today, the Senate will finish the work of ratifying the Kigali  Amendment to the protocol when we vote later today here on the floor.   Ratifying the Kigali Amendment will require two-thirds of the Senate,  and I want to thank every single Member, Democratic and Republican  alike, who voted yesterday to move forward on this measure. Our  country, our businesses, and our planet will benefit because of it. I  hope we can see that same level of support today.   In a year where we have already seen plenty of major bipartisan bills  become law, the Kigali Amendment might just be one of the most  important bipartisan achievements to date--less heralded, but maybe  more important--because this measure will go a long way to lowering  global temperatures while also creating tens of thousands of American  jobs and deal with the fact that China rarely participates in global  cooperation when it comes to putting their own economy and jobs ahead  of ours.   As I have explained, the Kigali Amendment will signal the commitment  of the United States to phase down the use of dangerous industrial  chemicals known as HFCs by 80 percent over the next 15 years. HFCs are  found practically in every home in America and around the world, inside  the vast majority of refrigerators, air-conditioner units, aerosols,  insulating foams, and more.   Experts say that if we can meet the goals set forth by the Kigali  Amendment, we can reduce global temperatures by about half a degree  Celsius by the end of the century. That is huge. We struggle to get  that reduction  [[Page S4880]]  down, to get that increase down. And this is a big, big step forward  for that. Half a degree might sound like a rounding error to some, but  in truth, it is very, very, very significant.   But equally significant, however, are the tens of billions in new  investments that will be up for grabs if we ratify this amendment.   Every year, millions and millions of refrigerators and AC units are  sold around the world, and the United States ranks near the top of  refrigerator exports. All of these products will need viable HFC  refrigerant alternatives moving forward, and we need to take every step  available to make sure those alternatives are provided by American  companies and American workers, driven by American ingenuity.   By one measure, ratifying the Kigali Amendment will generate nearly  $39 billion in investments here in America in the next 5 years when  combined with other steps we have taken to transition away from HFCs.  It will create tens of thousands of new American jobs and increase U.S.  heating, ventilation, and refrigeration exports by 25 percent in a few  short years, by 2027.   Let me say that all again. Tens of thousands in new American jobs,  nearly 39 billion in new investments, a surge in U.S. exports--all of  that is on the table if we finish our work to ratify this amendment  today. There is every reason in the world to say yes.   There is really no down side to ratification. The Kigali Amendment  will not overrule or change any current U.S. law. It will require no  one to replace their appliances at home. The United States will be able  to lead the international process of implementing Kigali, ensuring U.S.  businesses will set the terms of implementation that benefit them. And  Congress will be perfectly free to change domestic policy to adapt to  new technologies without having to worry about this agreement.   Even without the Kigali Amendment, the United States has already  taken steps to transition away from HFCs, and U.S. businesses have been  the ones leading the way. So it is no surprise that groups like the  U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the American Chemistry Council, the Air- Conditioning, Heating & Refrigeration Institute, and even companies  like Walmart and Honeywell all support the Kigali Amendment.   So in many ways, this is sort of a legislative layup. It is low- hanging fruit to secure billions in growth and tens of thousands of  good-paying jobs. Again, there is every reason in the world to say yes  and practically no reason to say no.   So for the sake of U.S. businesses, for the sake of U.S. workers, for  the sake of U.S. exporters and U.S. investment, and for the sake of  leadership in safeguarding our planet, I urge my colleagues to vote yes  on ratifying Kigali later today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:30 p.m.  today, Wednesday, September 21, all postcloture time in relation to  Treaty Document No. 117-1 be considered expired; that the Schumer  amendment No. 5503 be withdrawn; that the Sullivan-Lee amendment No.  5518 be the only amendment in order to the resolution of ratification  and the Senate vote on adoption of the amendment; that upon disposition  of the Sullivan-Lee amendment, the Senate vote on adoption of the  resolution of ratification, as amended, if amended, all without  intervening action or debate; further, that upon disposition of the  treaty, the Senate proceed to the consideration of the Bennett  nomination and that at 5:30 p.m. the Senate vote on the motions to  invoke cloture on the Bennett and Prabhakar nominations in the order  listed; that if cloture is invoked on either of the nominations, the  confirmation votes be at a time to be determined by the majority leader  in consultation with the Republican leader; further, that the cloture  vote on the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 484, S. 4822, be at 11:30  a.m. on Thursday, September 22.    Mr. President, this is a very good day. We have just  passed the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol on a strong  bipartisan basis. This is a win-win-win: win for U.S. jobs, win for  U.S. investment, and win for U.S. leadership in the fight against  climate change.   We have talked a lot about how this amendment will help U.S.  businesses, U.S. jobs, and U.S. competitiveness overseas, but let's  talk about how important this amendment will be for protecting our  planet.   Ratifying the Kigali Amendment, along with passing the Inflation  Reduction Act, is the strongest one-two punch against climate change  any Congress has ever undertaken.   Let me say that again: Ratifying the Kigali Amendment, along with  passing the Inflation Reduction Act, is the strongest one-two punch  against climate change any Congress has ever taken.   In fact--amazing statistic, folks--people don't pay attention to this  one, but it is vital. Experts say that phasing out our use of HFCs will  help prevent up to half a degree Celsius of warming by the end of the  century.   That is worth repeating as well. Experts say that phasing out our use  of HFCs will help prevent up to half a degree Celsius of warming by the  end of the century.   It is an easily overlooked victory, but a massive one, all coming  from eliminating this family of dangerous chemicals, which are a  thousand times more deadly per molecule than carbon dioxide.   And on top of it all, ratifying this amendment will give U.S.  businesses a huge leg up. It will open exports to new international  markets, generate tens of billions in new investments and help create  tens of thousands of good-paying jobs, and we will get a much needed  edge against Chinese businesses that still lag behind in developing  viable HFC alternatives.   Under Kigali, our exports will increase while China will lose out.  So, once again, ratifying the Kigali Amendment is a win-win-win: a win  for U.S. jobs, a win for U.S. investment, and, most of all, a win for  our global campaign to defeat the climate crisis and preserve our  planet for future generations.   I want to thank my colleague from Delaware who has been such a  persistent advocate on this legislation. And there are so many others-- the Senators from New Mexico and Hawaii and Delaware--who have worked  so hard on it as well. I thank them for their steadfastness. The globe,  our globe, is rejoicing today because of this legislation.   I yield the floor.   