 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Palazzo for hosting this Special  Order this evening and recognizing the tremendous service and sacrifice  of the brave men and women of the National Guard and the Reserve  components of our Armed Forces. I also thank the gentleman for his  service in the Mississippi Guard.   It is also certainly fitting to honor these often unsung heroes as we  celebrate Military Appreciation Month.   While the National Guard was founded in the Massachusetts Bay Colony  in 1636, the Virginia National Guard traces its history and tradition  of citizen-soldier service to the founding of Jamestown in 1607. There  has been a military presence defending Virginia ever since.   The Virginia National Guard's current strength is 7,200 soldiers,  1,200 airmen, 300 Virginia Defense Force members, and 400 Federal and  State civilians. They bring more than $250 million in annual income  into the Commonwealth.   The Virginia National Guard currently has more than 2,000 personnel  serving on Federal Active Duty with units conducting missions in the  United States, Middle East, the Horn of Africa, and Kosovo, the most  since 2007. The 29th Infantry Division has the most divisional soldiers  on Federal duty since World War II, with units deployed from Virginia,  Kentucky, and Maryland.   Currently, Virginia Air National Guard pilots and maintainers  assigned to the 192nd Wing from Joint Base Langley-Eustis are currently  supporting the 1st Fighter Wing's deployment at Al Dhafra Air Base,  United Arab Emirates, to provide short-notice air superiority to U.S.  Central Command amid a series of recent attacks in the region.   Approximately 120 Virginia National Guard soldiers assigned to the  Staunton-based 116th Infantry Brigade Combat Team Headquarters are on  Federal Active Duty to take responsibility for the NATO-led Kosovo  Force Regional Command-East, and approximately 140 soldiers assigned to  the Sandston-based 2nd Battalion, 224th Aviation Regiment, 29th  Infantry Division are mobilized to serve as their aviation task force.  NATO KFOR troops conduct peace support operations, contributing to a  safe and secure environment for all the people in Kosovo while healthy  political dialogue continues between Kosovo and Serbia.   Approximately 300 National Guard soldiers assigned to the Norfolk- based 1st Battalion, 111th Field Artillery Regiment, 116th Infantry  Brigade Combat Team are on Federal Active Duty conducting training to  provide personnel and site protection using the Counter-Rocket,  Artillery, Mortar System, or C-RAM, in the Central Command area of  operations in the Middle East.   Approximately 1,000 Virginia and Kentucky National Guard soldiers  assigned to the Lynchburg-based 1st Battalion, 116th Infantry Regiment,  116th Infantry Brigade Combat Team are on Federal Active Duty as Task  Force Red Dragon as a security force in support of Combined Joint Task  Force-Horn of Africa.   Approximately 80 soldiers assigned to the Virginia Beach-based 329th  Regional Support Group are currently on Federal Active Duty in the  Central Command Area of Operations under the operational control of  Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve serving as the  base operating support-integrator for multiple installations.   Finally, approximately 500 Virginia and Maryland National Guard  soldiers assigned to the Fort Belvoir-based 29th  [[Page H4912]]  Infantry Division are currently on Federal Active Duty in the Central  Command Area of Operations as Task Force Spartan to provide leadership,  command, control, and in-depth staff analysis for Operation Spartan  Shield.   As we celebrate Military Appreciation Month, let us never forget  those who are serving and who have given their last full measure while  wearing our Nation's uniform, those who are still on the front lines in  places both known and unknown, and the families who are asked to carry  the burden while their loved ones are away.    May God continue to bless our troops and the United States of  America.   