 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the Democrats' agenda for the new year.   The American people have just come back from the most expensive  Christmas in our Nation's history, coronavirus cases are breaking  records all around the country, and many Americans spent their  Christmas with their travel plans canceled.   Joe Biden now enters his second year in office with record-high  inflation, record-high coronavirus cases, and a record-low approval  rating. Now, Joe Biden is breaking all kinds of records, and each of  these records reflects an America that is heading in the wrong  direction.   The American people have two major concerns right now: coronavirus  and what it costs to live their daily lives. Yet these two issues are  not even on the radar of Democrats in Washington, DC.   In fact, Democrats have only made these problems worse. First,  Democrats have unquestionably driven up the cost of living on American  families. Inflation shot up after Democrats put $2 trillion on  America's credit card this spring.   Democrats told us inflation was transitory. They said it month after  month after month. On the day after Christmas, Margaret Brennan of CBS  News asked the Vice President a very basic question. She asked: Was it  wrong to consider inflation transitory?  [[Page S16]]    It is not a gotcha question. It is a question American families have  asked themselves month after month after month, as they heard Democrats  say it was transitory. Well, to the American people the answer is very  clear. It is obvious. Of course, it was wrong by the administration, by  the President, by the Vice President to try to mislead the American  people by claiming that inflation was transitory.   So what did we hear from the Vice President in response to this  question that has been of great concern to the American people?   What we heard was 118 words of incoherent rambling. She was like a  deer in headlights on a basic question on the top issue of the day.  Either the Vice President is out of touch with the needs of the  American people or she just didn't want to admit that the Biden  administration had been wrong month after month after month, until the  inflation numbers hit a 4-year high.   It has gone on now for 9 months and, you know, it is only going to  get worse. That is what the experts are telling us. In October, we saw  the worst inflation in 30 years, and, in November, it became the worst  inflation in 40 years.   Prices have gone up faster than wages. This means the average  American family can purchase a lot less today than they could when Joe  Biden took office.   And the biggest price increases, of course, have been in energy. In  November, we saw the biggest energy price increase in 10 years. CNBC  reports that one-fifth of American families couldn't afford to pay an  energy bill this past year. Roughly the same percentage have kept their  home at an unhealthy temperature because they can't afford the cost of  providing heat.   People who travelled for Christmas faced some of the highest  Christmas Day prices in history. Gas cost $1 more a gallon this  Christmas than it did last Christmas--1 year, $1 a gallon more.   Many people couldn't travel because of coronavirus. Americans broke  records for coronavirus cases twice last week. Ohio, Maryland, and here  in the District of Columbia, all broke records for hospitalizations due  to coronavirus.   Now, remember when Joe Biden ran for office? He said he was the cure  for coronavirus. This guy ought to be sued for medical malpractice.   He came into office with two safe and effective vaccines. Millions of  people have already been vaccinated. Yet more Americans have now died  from coronavirus under President Joe Biden than under the previous  President. From day one of this administration, this President has been  inconsistent, incoherent, and incompetent.   The flip-flop on masks for the vaccinated has continued. The  administration kowtowed to the teachers union on mask mandates for  toddlers. They flip-flopped on booster shots. They flip-flopped again  on testing.   For months now, countries like the United Kingdom have sent rapid  tests to their citizens through the mail. On December 23, President  Biden told ABC News: ``I wish I had thought about ordering . . . [at- home test kits] two months ago.''   Well, it turns out the White House did think about it. The media is  now reporting that the White House turned down a plan to mail test kits  in October.   In early December, the White House Press Secretary was asked why the  Biden administration wasn't mailing out tests. After all, the  Democrats, on a straight party-line vote in March, put $2 trillion on  our Nation's credit card under the guise of COVID relief. Only 9  percent of the money went for healthcare. Where did that money go?  Billions and tens of billions of dollars, so-called for testing, in the  bill that the Democrats forced on a party-line vote, and yet there  aren't tests in the country because people are lined up around the  block waiting for tests that the President wished he had thought about.    That is what he told the world. That is what he said on ABC News.   In early December, the White House Press Secretary was asked why the  Biden administration wasn't mailing out tests. She mocked the idea.  Then, just a few weeks later, it became the policy of this same  administration--too little, too late, another flip-flop, another  example of the hypocrisy and the incompetence of this administration.   Someone in the press ought to ask Joe Biden if he still believes what  he said as a candidate. So let's review what he said as a candidate.   In September of 2020, Joe Biden said: ``If the president had done his  job from the beginning''--he was referring to President Trump--Biden  said, ``all the people would still be alive.'' ``All the people,'' he  said. ``I'm not making this up''--Joe Biden once again telling the  world he is not making it up.   I don't know of a single doctor or public health official anywhere in  the world who would agree with that statement by Joe Biden, then  candidate for President. Yet Joe Biden said it repeatedly.   As a candidate, Joe Biden said: ``Any President who is responsible  for that many deaths should not remain as President.''   And to that I say: Joe Biden, you are right now responsible for that  many deaths. So, maybe, you shouldn't remain as President either.   Joe Biden attacked the previous administration for letting Governors  manage the response to coronavirus. Yet just last month, Joe Biden  admitted: ``There is no Federal solution'' to the coronavirus.   Does Joe Biden still believe what he said as a candidate?   Did he ever believe it?   What does he know? What does he think? What does he believe? Or was  he just running for President on the Big Lie?   Now, even for Democrats in Washington, the hypocrisy and the  incompetence are astonishing. Now the American people all across this  country are suffering the consequences of the mismanagement by this  administration.   Flights, train departures, public events are all being canceled due  to the resurgence of coronavirus. Cancellations continue today because  of coronavirus under the President who said he would solve the problem,  to the point that even the majority party's conference, which should  have been a lunch, today was moved to be virtual because of the virus  that Joe Biden said he would eliminate.   Joe Biden's lies and flip-flops continue. Joe Biden said he wouldn't  issue a vaccine mandate. He said it on several occasions and then he  broke his word. In the process, he took a sledgehammer to the American  workforce, forcing people out of their jobs.   The Biden administration has also issued a mask mandate for children  as young as 2 years of age, in preschool.   Just before Christmas, Senator Lummis, also from Wyoming, and I  introduced a bill to stop this mandate. There is no scientific basis  for forcing toddlers to wear masks. This isn't about the science. It  has been shown that the teachers union lobbied for mask mandates in  schools.   On May 13, the Centers for Disease Control issued its mask guidance  for vaccinated people--for people who had been fully vaccinated. The  guidance from the Centers for Disease Control said that fully  vaccinated people could stop wearing masks indoors.   What happened the very next day?   Well, the very next day, the head of the National Education  Association, the teachers union, called the Director of the Centers for  Disease Control. The day after that, the Centers for Disease Control  released new guidance--new guidance--saying vaccinated people should  wear masks in schools. Maybe it was a coincidence. It doesn't look like  it or sound like it to me. This flip-flop looks like a kind of  political pandering, the pandering to union bosses that this  administration has engaged in since day one.   The American people have two big concerns right now: coronavirus and  the cost of living. Democrats on Capitol Hill continue to ignore the  two biggest concerns of the American people.   What are the Democrats in this body focused on instead? Well, for 5  months now, Democrats in this body have tried to pass the largest  spending bill in history.   What is it focused on? Not inflation; not COVID; not crime in the  cities, where murder rates are at an alltime high; not border security,  where the number of people coming in illegally, carrying disease and  drugs, is at an alltime high. No, the Democrats want to focus instead  on climate change and new entitlements. Their bill included  [[Page S17]]  trillions and trillions of dollars in new taxes and trillions and  trillions of dollars in new debt.   President Biden and nearly every Democrat in Congress went on record  in support of this socialist budget bill. Not a single Republican  supports it, and not even every Democrat supports it. Now Democrats are  fighting among themselves, and it is an absolute disgrace. Democrats  ought to be thankful that bill didn't pass, because if it passed,  inflation would get worse, just in time for elections.   This isn't what the American people want. The American people have  many concerns right now about the direction of this country and the  direction that the President is trying to lead the Nation. The two  biggest concerns are the coronavirus in their communities and the cost  of living that impacts on them, on the people every day. Democrats are  failing on both.   I yield the floor.   