 Mr. President, I thank Senator Cantwell for her leadership  and especially Senator Cortez Masto for her legislation which I am  about to address. I know that she is running to things today--was in  the Banking, Housing Committee and is doing this on the floor. I am so  appreciative of her time and efforts from housing to protecting women's  health and protecting women's rights.   I want to comment on some of the things that she said and that  Senator Cantwell said about this issue and then one specific thing that  has happened in my State, which is outrageous and immoral.   The extreme decision a few weeks ago of five Justices took away  women's freedom to make their own personal healthcare decisions and  hand it over to politicians. We are also seeing how this put women's  health at risk. Senator Cortez Masto and many others on the floor  already said that.   My State is, unfortunately, worse in what has happened. Fewer than 10  hours after the Supreme Court's announcement, Ohio's 6-week abortion  [[Page S3293]]  ban took effect. They even banned abortion in cases of rape and in  cases of incest. That night, women across Ohio received calls from  their doctors letting them know their appointments had been canceled.  They need to travel to another State for necessary medical care. Ohio  politicians are forcing Ohioans--those that can--to take extra time off  work to find childcare, to spend resources that they may not have to  travel to get the lifesaving care that they need.   One group at a roundtable I did--I do this job much by listening to  roundtables of 10 or 15 or 20 Ohioans who talk to me about veterans'  care or healthcare or, in this case, women's health or jobs or all the  things that I learn and take back to Washington.   I did a roundtable recently where I was hearing from doctors that  because Ohio's laws are so extreme--so extreme--that women and men-- especially women but men, too--young doctors who might do their  residency at some of the best hospitals in the world, the Cleveland  Clinic or University Hospital or Cincinnati Children's or Nationwide  Children's--that doctors are having second thoughts about wanting to  move to Ohio because these abortion laws are so radical and so immoral  and so extreme.   I am also hearing that prestigious colleges or colleges of all kinds  that we attract--Ohio has more small colleges and small universities,  private 4-year schools, than almost any other State in the country. We  have great State universities in Ohio and great community colleges. I  am hearing from college Presidents that students who are considering  coming to Ohio to go to school are having second thoughts, again,  because of the extremism of this legislature on abortion and, as the  Presiding Officer knows, the Senate's expert on this issue, the  extremism on gun laws in Ohio.   One candidate was campaigning for Congress in Northwest Ohio, and he  had a holster--under a new Ohio law, he had a holster with a gun in it  as he was walking along the side of the street handing candy to  children. It is just ludicrous.   Back to this issue that Senator Cortez Masto is leading on. Earlier  this month, a 10-year-old girl--a child, a survivor of rape--was forced  to travel to Indiana from Ohio to receive healthcare. She was past the  6 weeks. Republican politicians first tried to deny it. They mocked  her. They mocked this--they didn't know who she was at this point. They  mocked the story. They said it couldn't be true. Then the man who did  it was arrested. There was no real apology from these well-known  Republican politicians, Members of Congress, statewide officeholders.   They had mocked this story just saying it couldn't be true when it  was true. Yet did they apologize? No. They should look into a camera-- they should stand in front of many of us and say: I am sorry. They  should apologize to that little girl's family, that little girl's  doctor, that little girl's support group that she has.   No 10-year-old--no American--should have to go through what she went  through. Since May, 50 reports of rape or sexual abuse involving  children under the age of 15 have been reported in Columbus alone.  Fifty--5-0--reports of rape or sexual abuse involving children under  15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10--10 years old--children who have been abused  like that have been reported in Columbus alone.   I don't know. Are the rightwingers in the legislature who think  abortion should have no protection--that no women should be protected,  rape, incest, life and health of the mother, that they just deny any of  this happened--are they going to do that again and continue to attack  these families?   Now, because of the Ohio Legislature's fixation on controlling  women's bodies, victims of rape in Ohio won't be able to access the  care that they need.   Even in cases where it may technically be allowed, doctors will be  afraid to provide it. I heard the fear in doctors' voices in that round  table in Cleveland earlier this week. And I heard Senator Murray talk  about this, who has joined us in the Chamber. I heard doctors talk  about the fear that their colleagues have to even get near a pregnant  patient who might have another healthcare issue.   Women and girls shouldn't have to travel around the country to  receive care--in many cases, care that will save their health or their  lives. Doctors shouldn't have to wait on lawyers to tell them if they  can provide the care. Again, the fear of these doctors--these were  brave women--two women and a man--who were talking to me, they were  talking about the fear in others, other physicians, that they are  afraid they are going to have to wait on lawyers to tell them if they  can provide the care their patients need.   That is what happens when politicians insist on making medical  decisions for women and for girls that doctors and the women and girls  themselves in their family should be making.   Now, anti-choice politicians attacking Senator Cortez Masto's bill  are trying to criminalize interstate travel. Politicians can't hold  pregnant women and girls hostage. Politicians should not be able to  decide who can travel where. This is America.   In my State, it is Ohio. You are allowed to travel wherever you want,  whenever you want. As long as you are doing it legally, interstate  travel is a constitutional right.   That is why the Senate must pass the Freedom to Travel for Healthcare  Act to protect that right, to protect Ohio women and girls, to protect  the healthcare professionals who serve them, all of them.   When, how, and whether to have a family is the most personal and  meaningful decisions we make in life. The freedom to make those  decisions for yourself free from political interference should be  available to everyone--everyone. We can't accept a world where our  daughters and our granddaughters have fewer rights and less freedom  than their mothers.   As soon as I heard about that decision, about the Dobbs case and Roe  v. Wade, first thing I thought about is my wife who will celebrate her  65th birthday in 2 weeks, and I thought that my mother--my deceased  mother--and my wife have more rights than my daughters in their  thirties and early forties and my granddaughters who are still too  young to really understand what this is about.   What kind of world is that where people of my generation had more  rights than we are bequeathing to our children and our grandchildren?   I won't stop. I know Senator Murray won't stop working to protect  women's freedom--all Americans' freedoms to have life, to have  families, and live their lives how they want, when they want, free from  meddling politicians.   I yield the floor.   