 Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague and  senior Senator.   As a member of the Delaware bar myself for 30 years and a member of  the Senate Judiciary Committee, I could not be prouder of the moment we  are about to participate in here in the U.S. Senate confirming the next  member of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.   It was 30 years ago that I was a clerk on that same court for Judge  Jane Roth of Wilmington, DE, a distinguished jurist, a remarkable mind,  and a great leader in the Delaware bench and bar.   And I am thrilled that, as we left Thursday evening, we had, by a  bipartisan vote of 57-to-39, the cloture vote that set up the  confirmation vote that is about to happen here; and of those votes,  nine were from our Republican colleagues.   Frankly, she should be confirmed here unanimously, as she was by the  Delaware State Senate, but we are in a more divided, more partisan  time, and I am thrilled that we had as strong and bipartisan a vote in  the committee and here in the Senate as we have.   It reflects the fact that Justice Tamika Montgomery-Reeves is a  highly qualified, well-rounded, skilled nominee to the Third Circuit.   The Third Circuit is one of those Federal circuit courts that  provides a critical role. The most important cases in our country go to  Federal courts, although Delaware jurists would disagree, and of the  courts that hear those cases--overwhelmingly district courts--only a  few of those cases are appealed and make it to a circuit court, and a  tiny number of cases make it to the U.S. Supreme Court.   So for the States represented on the Third Circuit--Delaware,  Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and the U.S. Virgin Islands--this is likely  the last stop for almost every major appeal.   And in just a few moments, someone known for her skill, her  intellect, her patience, her compassion will be confirmed by this  Senate and sent on her  [[Page S7098]]  way to serve on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.   She is very highly regarded in Delaware as a member of our supreme  court. She is someone highly regarded by our bench and bar.   We have, in front of our committee, letters of endorsement from  Governor John Carney as well as former Governor Jack Markell.   And as you heard from my colleague, the Delaware State Senate  unanimously endorsed her.   She served on the Delaware Court of Chancery, the premier business  court in our country, from 2015 to 2019.   And she is a trailblazer: the first Black woman to serve on the  Delaware Court of Chancery and on the Delaware Supreme Court and soon  on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.   Her confirmation today will add diversity to a court that represents  three States and the Virgin Islands, which are demonstrably diverse.  And in our country, this helps to further advance representation and  justice.   I want to thank my chief counsel, Cassie Fields, for playing a  central role in shepherding her nomination through the committee and  through this floor.   And I want to close by saying that I want to express my deepest  personal thanks to this native of Jackson, MS, this graduate of the  University of Mississippi and University of Georgia School of Law, who,  through the good offices of Chancellor Bill Chandler, found her way to  practice in Delaware, to service on the Delaware Court of Chancery;  through the help and leadership of our State Senate and our Governor to  service on our State supreme court; and in just a few moments, to the  Third Circuit Court of Appeals.   To Justice Tamika Montgomery-Reeves, to your husband Jeffrey, your  sons Jackson and Tyson: Congratulations. Know that our President and  our Senate is proud of you, has confidence in you, and looks forward to  your years of service on this most important Federal Circuit Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   