 Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate my friend's service, and I  appreciate his passion on this issue.   I listened here as my colleagues want to lecture us about making  decisions about life. Who are my colleagues to decide when life begins?  Talking about where the doctors are in the room, who are my colleagues,  where is God in the room about determining when life begins?   It is my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have out-of- step views about the extent of abortion in this country to terminate  life right up to the point of birth. It is out of step with the  entirety of the world. It is a radical position, and the entirety of  this country knows it.   What we are talking about right now, when we used to be able to have  some peaceful debates in this body, we had the Hyde amendment  recognizing our differences on the issue and trying to pull it out of  the debate of funding, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  refuse to respect the Hyde amendment.   Now, you have an administration making up law. My colleague on the  other side of the aisle wants to lecture about where you go to have a  dispute about law. Oh, run to the courts, they say. Run to Article III.   Well, we are Article I, dadgummit, and we make decisions about the  law every single day. As a Member of this body, I introduced the  ARTICLE ONE Act under President Trump, questioning executive authority.   I subpoenaed records from the White House, questioning unaccompanied  alien children data because I believe in the primacy of Article I.   But we should, dadgummit, on a bipartisan basis believe that we need  to make these decisions, and you don't have the VA arbitrarily making  law and stepping over the 1992 law, which has never been repealed. It  has never been set aside, and to suggest that it has makes a mockery of  the laws that we pass. We should agree on that on a bipartisan basis.   The ranking member is speaking for all of us when he says we are  trying to stand up in support of the Solid Start program, but it has  now been turned on its head by a radical decision by the executive  branch, so now we are no longer going to support this program as it  exists.   As the chairman said, 16 words are the hang-up. Then change the 16  words, and let's fix what needs to be fixed to honor what we know is  the law from the 1992 law.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of my bill,  which in this case is the S version--the Senate version--that was  introduced by Senator Tuberville from Alabama, S. 2794, the Supporting  Families of the Fallen Act.   The ranking member just articulated why this legislation is  important. I think one of the things that we have to remember is the  extent to which our men and women in uniform have to keep up and keep  pace with inflation, and we thought this was important.   I had a constituent in my district who raised this issue. I sat down  with that constituent and then met with a bunch of other constituents  who were running into the same problem. I talked to a number of my  veteran colleagues, and we believed that this was an important  solution.   As many know, I am not one to want to put forward legislation that  isn't paid for. This bill, for the most part, pays for itself with the  slight exception of Active Duty combat individuals. I believe that is  an exception worth making when we talk about things that are not paid  for.   It is straightforward. It simply increases the SGLI and VGLI maximum  coverage from $400,000 to $500,000 so that servicemembers and veterans  can customize the coverage amount that they need. I think it is a  commonsense solution. It is bipartisan and it is bicameral.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member for  their support.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   