 Madam President, over the last few years, pandemic relief  bills have sent billions of dollars to State and local governments to  support their pandemic responses and recoveries, and it is appropriate  that we did so. But the truth is, when the pandemic hit, we didn't know  how long it would last or what the ripple effects of that would be,  both the public health and economic impacts on State and local  governments and the constituencies that they serve.   I have heard from countless Texas leaders that they have more money  than eligible expenses under the guardrails Congress applied at the  time, and my colleagues can attest to the fact that this is not a  unique problem to Texas. States, counties, and cities across the  country want more flexibility to spend these relief dollars on their  highest priority projects, especially infrastructure. If we don't do  this, these jurisdictions are going to fritter these dollars away on  things that will not have a lasting, positive impact on our economy or  public safety. An investment in infrastructure will be an investment in  public safety and a growing economy.   My friend Senator Padilla from California and I have worked with the  administration and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order  to come up with a bill that would grant this flexibility. This bill  originally passed the Senate unanimously last October. You know, people  sometimes think that we can't get along, that we can't get anything  done, but when big things happen, sometimes they happen without people  even recognizing it. That demonstrates not only the bipartisan nature  of this legislation but the fact that it just makes good sense.   Unfortunately, the House never passed our bill. We have now worked in  good faith to build the kind of support necessary among House Members  and House leadership in order to get that done, and I hope the Senate  will advance this new version today.   Simply put, this legislation will unlock billions of dollars in  unspent COVID funds for infrastructure projects as well as disaster  relief. It restores decision making power to the local level, and--this  is unique to spending bills in Washington, DC--this will not result in  a single dollar of additional appropriations or a single dollar added  to the deficit. This money is already in the hands of the States, the  counties, and the cities; they just need more flexibility to spend it  in a way that makes sense to them.   If I could just add as a quick footnote before deferring to my  colleagues, a lot of times when we have disasters or we want to do  something big for the country, we pass legislation, but it takes years  to implement. Part of the problem is getting the money from Washington,  DC, down to those local jurisdictions, among other things. Well, this  will expedite these infrastructure projects and disaster relief because  they already have it in hand.   I just want to say publicly how much I appreciate Senator Padilla and  his staff, Senator Murkowski and her staff, and Senator Tester and his  staff for working with us on this legislation.   Again, this makes so much sense that it passed unanimously  previously, and now we have worked out the differences with the House.  With any luck, we will get this to the President without further delay.  We have benefited from feedback from countless Members on both sides of  the aisle, and I hope we can finally grant our State and local leaders  the flexibility that they have requested to spend these dollars in a  way that makes the most sense according to their priorities.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 5323, which is at the  desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.   