 Madam President, I have been on the floor most of the day  today, and I think I heard virtually every speech given. I was reminded  again, as the day went on, of really the broad-based talent of people  in the Senate.   I spent some time, a couple of years ago, over the course of about 6  months, kind of watching individual Senators and trying to figure out  how they got here. And with only a couple of exceptions, I could figure  it out: that unique ability to communicate or to explain things in a  way that people understood them or to appear to just know more than  other people knew about things that people knew Senators need to know  about. And I was reminded again of the tragedy of how little we use  that collective talent.   There is absolutely no telling what we could do if we would decide,  as 100 people who figured out how to get to the U.S. Senate, how we  would work together and solve big problems.   And I think we all know where we are today. But I do hope, as Senator  Schumer mentioned, that we listen to each other as people express  different views. Certainly, the Senate would be a better place if we  spent more time on the floor listening to each other and talking to  each other.   Now, on this bill, I think we all know where we are headed. In my  view, having watched election legislation for a long time, it seems to  me this is just another version of an election bill introduced by  Democrats. There is not much new in this bill. Both the Rules  Committee, where I serve, and the Senate have already rejected this  Federal takeover of elections several times this year.   Now, many of my friends on the other side said: Well, why wouldn't  Republicans just want to debate this bill?   I don't think anybody said: Why wouldn't the Republicans want to  amend this bill--because there was no opportunity to do that.   We have been on the bill now for several days. We got on the bill. It  was a fairly crafty way to get on the bill, with a 51-vote vote. It is  fine with me to be on the bill. But our friends on the other side  decided there would be no amendments on this bill. And I think  Republicans, from the very start, sensed that this would be a bill  where we would get a ``yes'' or ``no'' vote on a bill that really would  dramatically change how we pursue elections.   Now, while it has a new name--it is more than 700 pages--it is nearly  identical to the Freedom to Vote Act. It is substantially the same as  the two versions that couldn't get 50 on that side, S. 1; very similar  to the Senate bill, H.R. 1; and very similar, frankly, to the election  bills that I have been watching for 20 years. And there has always been  a different reason to do about the same Democrat-sponsored bill in the  House and Senate. After 2020, the reason was, well, the equipment is  too faulty, and we have got to have more Federal control of what  happens in the States. After 2016, the reason to have a massive  election bill was, well, there is just not enough security in State  elections, and the Federal Government has to intervene in some major  way. After 2020, even though the Federal Government didn't intervene in  a major way, suddenly the elections were the most secure in the history  of the world. Both parties alleged that at one point.   Now, we need to have this bill because some States are passing  legislation that in most cases looks at the real outreach that they  appropriately did for the pandemic, and thinking in 2021 that the  pandemic was over, thinking, what do we want to keep from what we did  in that outreach, and what do we want to decide we should only do  during a pandemic?   I haven't found very many places, if any, that couldn't be easily  explained, like postal regulations and other things, where the States  have made changes and rolled back their pandemic outreach, where they  don't have more opportunities to vote now than they had in 2018, the  last election before they should have done extraordinary things.   Actually, one lesson we probably taught State legislators here is,  don't do anything to try to amend an immediate moment because if you  try to undo it when that moment has passed, you will get on what  Senator Lankford described as the ``bad list.'' He also did a pretty  good job explaining that a lot of States that weren't on the bad list  don't have nearly the opportunities to vote as the States that are on  the bad list.   I was an election official for about 20 years, including the  secretary of state for a good part of that time, and I always thought  that the diversity of the system was one of the strengths of the  system. I thought, as President Obama did in 2016, that the diversity  of the system made it really hard for outsiders or insiders to figure  out how they could rig a national election. I still think that.   This bill undermines, really, a lot of State voter laws that are  pretty popular with voters, and we have seen that expressed even in  recent elections in like New York City. Prohibiting voter  identification for mail-in ballots would be one of the things that you  wouldn't want to do. If you wanted to have mail-in ballots, you would  want to be sure where those came from. Frankly, you would want to have  an objective standard, like your voter ID number or some other number  that was uniquely yours, rather than a subjective standard, like how  you signed your name when you were 18 as opposed to how you are signing  your name when you are 68. That was one of the changes, by the way, in  the Georgia law, which should have helped more people than not.   This bill retains S. 1's mandate on ballot drop boxes and federalizes  rules for redistricting. I think it chills free speech and requires  felon voting. Now, why would anybody want to be against any of those  things? There are reasons, frankly, to be against all of those things,  but States make that decision for themselves, and in some States, it  may work very well, and in others, it might not.   Of the top sweeping election administration changes in this bill, the  S. 1  [[Page S338]]  policies in this bill disrupt State efforts to maintain accurate voter  rolls. Now, accurate voter rolls were seen as one of the great  progressive moves forward so you would have some sense that the people  who voted on election day were actually people who were supposed to  vote, and it is also important to vote in that district. If you just  vote anywhere, and your legislative district where you should have  voted was decided by four or five votes and you were one of those four  or five, suddenly, that is a bit of a disservice to everybody else.   The bill would send Federal money to campaign coffers at the rate of  6 Federal dollars for every dollar raised. It even goes so far as to  add a second public financing program that would give people $25 in  Federal funds to contribute to House candidates. Now, this 6-to-1 match  is only for House candidates. That may not be what the final bill would  say if we passed this bill, but it is only for House candidates now.  And, of course, this Federal money would be eligible to be matched by 6  to 1 other Federal dollars. That is a pretty good deal. You give  somebody 25 Federal dollars, and it could be matched with 6 to 1 other  Federal dollars.   This bill sets up a framework that would result in, I think, every  congressional district map likely to be drawn by Federal courts. How  many maps have we seen this time that were drawn by new improvements  that the States made that didn't turn out to be, one, any better than  the old maps and, two, wound up being drawn by judges?   The John Lewis Voting Rights Act--he was a friend of mine. I served  with him. I traveled with him. I laughed with him. I liked him a lot. I  admired him a lot. The Voting Rights Act was 12 pages when it was  introduced in 1965. The John Lewis Voting Rights provisions here have a  great name, but they are 120 pages. I voted to extend the Voting Rights  Act, and I would do it again, and I would be proud to do it if it was  named for John Lewis. But 735 pages, and saying that if we don't vote  for that 735 pages, somehow we are opposed to the Voting Rights Act or  opposed to the heroism of John Lewis? I don't think so.   Since it doesn't have the support to pass under the current Senate  rules, the next thing we will do is attempt to really gut the  legislative filibuster to force it through.   My Republican colleagues have spoken at length about the consequences  of doing that, as have Senator Manchin and Senator Sinema just the  other day. The justification rests on really a narrow basis that  somehow the protection of the minority no longer matters.   The danger of overturning 200 years of election administration by the  States--I am going to resist doing any of the quotes this late in the  day that you have heard over and over again of our Democratic friends  who just a couple of years ago were saying--or less than a handful of  years ago--how critically important it was that those rules never be  changed.   You know, if Democrats eliminate the 60-vote rule for election  legislation, there will soon be no filibuster left.   Today, it would be a carve-out for the election administration. Three  or four weeks ago, it was a carve-out for raising the debt limit. The  next carve-out would be for whatever seems to be important that day.   The carve-out won't work. I don't think anybody here believes that  any longer. This would be the first step in just eliminating an  important distinction that makes the Senate a place where we have to  think about what we do. It eliminates some of the chaos that occurs  when you have a party change.   In the past two decades, a single party has controlled both Chambers  of the Congress and the Presidency four times, alternating between  Democrats and Republicans. The Senate is what has kept the country from  wildly going from one direction back to the other. We don't want to  lose that. It would be a disaster for our citizens, a disaster for our  economy. Having that sense of having to think about this just a little  bit before you head in another direction is what the Senate is all  about.   I certainly hope my colleagues today will not pass this Federal  takeover of election laws and will also resist the temptation to change  the rules of the Senate.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Minnesota.   