 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for allowing me to  speak today.   Madam Speaker, I rise and join my colleagues in honoring the late Pro  Football Hall of Fame Inductee, John Madden.   John Madden was a giant in the world of football who brought an  appreciation and an understanding of the game into the homes of  Americans.   Selected in the 21st round of the 1958 NFL draft, Madden suffered a  severe knee injury during his rookie training camp, ending his pro  football playing career when it was just getting started.   Undeterred by his injuries, Madden's love for the game of football  propelled him to pursue a coaching career. In 1969, he was hired as the  head coach for the Oakland Raiders, making him the youngest head coach  in the NFL, with only 1 year of coaching experience.   Now, somebody saw something to promote him to head coach in just 1  year of coaching. As head coach, he amassed an incredible record of 103  regular season victories, with only 32 losses in 10 seasons. That gave  him the second-highest winning percentage for NFL coaches.   Madden's ferocious will to win would not be denied in Super Bowl XI,  the first Super Bowl championship for the silver and black.   While already a legendary Hall of Fame head coach, John Madden  cemented his legacy as an icon of the sport from the broadcasting  booth, becoming the first sports analyst to have worked all four of the  ``Big Four'' U.S. television networks, and earning an incredible 16  Emmy awards.   With a career in professional football spanning 4 decades, very few  have transcended generations the way John Madden has, and his legacy  will live on forever in the memories of players, fans, friends, and  through the memories made by millions who played the best-selling  Madden NFL Football game.   On a personal note, I had the privilege of meeting John Madden and,  yes, he was kind, he was personable, and it is true, we all ate very  well that day.   Not everyone gets to make a difference to so many people in this  life, and John Madden was one of those people.   