 Mr. President, it is my pleasure to celebrate with my  colleagues the month of May as National Beef Month, and I come to the  floor not just to say that we ought to eat more beef and help the  farmers and cattlemen of this country.   Before I get to something else, though, Iowa has the seventh largest  cattle inventory in the United States and ranks fourth in the country  for cattle and calves on feed. While I usually focus on the need for a  fair and transparent market for cattle producers, today I want to draw  attention to the job that cattle producers across the country have  feeding America and the world.   Over the last 30 years, the U.S. population has increased by 80  million people. In that same period, the world's population has grown  by more than 3 billion people. In the face of a growing population,  farmers across America have been faced with a challenging question: How  do we meet the growing demands for food while also lowering our  environmental footprint?   American farmers and ranchers have risen to that occasion; in other  words, not just producing more food but helping the environment at the  same time. Farmers in all segments have expanded production to fulfill  increasing demand while protecting our environment. The United States  is currently producing 80 percent more pork, 48 percent more milk, and  18 percent more beef than just 30 years ago.   Now, you would think, with all that increase in production, you would  have more of an environmental problem, but despite the increases in  production, per unit greenhouse gas emissions from pork production have  decreased by 20 percent and 8 percent for beef production.   Nonetheless, environmentalists still seem to place unwarranted blame  on farmers for contributing to our changing and warming climate. The  recent narrative that U.S. agriculture is a major contributor to  greenhouse gas emissions is simply not true. Now get that--it is simply  not true. According to the EPA, only 11 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas  emissions come from agriculture. The leading sources of greenhouse gas  emissions contribute nearly twice as many emissions as the agriculture  industry does. Transportation contributes 27 percent, electricity  contributes 25 percent, general industry is contributing 24 percent. So  I am here to set the record straight. For the last 30 years, American  farmers have been reducing greenhouse gas emissions with each meal  served by embracing efficiency and the adoption of new technologies.   Agriculture needs to have a seat at the table for these conversations  because farmers are the first conservationists and can help offset  emissions from other sectors of the American economy. Whether it is  creating carbon sinks on farmland to produce biofuels  [[Page S2350]]  or turning farm waste into energy, farmers have taken a very active  role in reducing the environmental impact of agriculture.   Research from the U.S. Department of Agriculture shows that even if  the entire world was vegan, it would lower global emissions by less  than one-half of 1 percent, while losing access to high-quality protein  very much needed in the diets of human beings.   However, the facts that I have mentioned do not matter to radical  environmental groups or the mainstream media. Articles on food  sustainability often focus on how eating insects and bugs can help save  the planet. A simple search on the internet reveals some unsettling  articles in our publications. A headline from Time magazine reads like  this: ``How Humans Eating Insects Could Help Save the Planet.''   Then from the publication The Atlantic: ``To Save the World, Eat  Bugs.''   And from the New York Times--can you imagine, the New York Times:  ``Why Aren't We Eating More Insects?''   All of these stories have a very common thread--to solve world hunger  and to protect the environment, the American people and the world need  to eat bugs and insects. But as I have already laid out, you can just  eat more beef and feel good about the environmental impact.   Now, as for me, I will be doing my part in May to honor National Beef  Month. I will be eating juicy hamburgers or eating steak, if the price  isn't too outrageous--and it is right now. I will be supporting  cattlemen from Iowa who produce the highest quality beef in the world.  Farmers know firsthand the importance of a clean and healthy  environment. It is simply unfair to place the blame of a changing  climate on the backs of farmers.   As a nation, we must stand with the farmers across the country and  work with them to promote a clean environment. I will continue working  at the policymaking table to ensure our cattle producers can continue  raising high-quality beef for generations to come and that families can  enjoy it at their kitchen tables at prices they can afford.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   