 Madam President, I rise in support of the swift  consideration of President Biden's five nominees to the Board of  Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   Over the last year, our economy has improved tremendously, thanks to  President Biden's American Rescue Plan and the bipartisan  infrastructure law, and we have been guided along the way by steady  leadership at the Fed. We are seeing positive results.   Last year, GDP grew by 5.7 percent, and we gained over 6.6 million  jobs. In each month during the second half of last year, the family tax  credit in the American Rescue Plan pulled approximately 3.5 million  children out of poverty; unemployment claims are at a 50-year low; the  unemployment rate is at 4 percent; and nominal wages are rising at the  fastest pace in decades.   We have also begun investing $1.2 trillion from the bipartisan  infrastructure law that will help businesses and the economy in the  decades ahead and will provide an extraordinary number of jobs.   We are not yet out of the woods from the pandemic, and there are  critical economic challenges we need to address, including inflation,  the lack of affordable housing, the high cost of prescription drugs,  the need for affordable childcare, and others. The Fed plays a pivotal  role in making sure our economy grows on an even keel so that we can  meet these challenges and remain the world's leader.   I might add also that this is a very, very difficult time for the  world economy as we respond to the illegal attack by Putin on Ukraine.  The world, under the leadership of President Biden and the United  States, has imposed unprecedented sanctions. It is in this volatile  moment that the Fed also will play a critical role.   Unfortunately, Republican partisan brinkmanship is now preventing us  from having a fully staffed and functioning Fed, just as Republicans  have stymied nominations of qualified individuals to serve at key posts  in the Defense Department, in the State Department, and in several  other Agencies.   I would note that, at times, we are being forced to break filibusters  on nominations that eventually pass with 70, 80, or 90 ``yes'' votes.  Perhaps my colleagues think that these tactics are somehow politically  beneficial, but the fact is that these tactics diminish and degrade the  ability of the Federal Government to serve the American people.   And so we come to the Federal Reserve. The seven-member Board is  technically operating with four of its seven members today, and two of  those are in confirmation limbo.   Jerome Powell, who has been nominated for a second term as Chair, is  serving on an acting basis. Lael Brainard is a Governor and is also the  pending nominee for Vice Chair. There is no Vice Chair for Supervision,  and two ordinary Governor seats are vacant.    The President has nominated a slate of five qualified, bipartisan  candidates to fill these positions, including Mr. Powell.   Mr. Powell was first appointed Fed Chair by Donald Trump and has  served admirably for the last 4 years. Lael Brainard was confirmed to  her current position on the Federal Reserve Board with strong  bipartisan support. Sarah Bloom Raskin is a former Governor and has  been nominated as Vice Chair for Supervision. The Senate confirmed Ms.  Raskin to the Federal Reserve Board a decade ago by voice vote and as  Deputy Treasury Secretary on a bipartisan vote. Lisa Cook and Phil  Jefferson are mainstream academic economists who have been nominated as  Governors.   Earlier this year, the Banking Committee held hearings on these  nominees. They demonstrated their qualifications and responded to  hundreds of questions. They have met with Senators on the committee  individually as well. But on February 15, my Republican colleagues  blocked the Banking Committee from voting on these nominations. They  didn't show up and vote no on the nominees whom they opposed; they just  didn't show up. They decided to skip the meeting precisely to keep the  committee from moving these nominees to the full Senate. They have  taken this step during a pandemic, a bout of inflation, and a growing,  violent conflict in Europe. At a time when the Federal Reserve's job  has never been more important, our Republican colleagues have chosen to  stall the confirmations of qualified nominees to help lead our economy.   The Federal Reserve's monetary policy decisions are made by the  Federal Open Market Committee, also known as the FOMC. The FOMC has 12  voting members, including all seven Governors on the Board in  Washington. The others are presidents of the regional Reserve banks.  Due to the Republican boycott, the FOMC is now operating with only nine  members--four Governors and five Reserve bank presidents.   The FOMC's primary job is to establish interest rate targets and  authorize open market operations to achieve those targets. This  function makes it the most important economic policymaking body in the  world.   The FOMC now faces enormous challenges to bring prices under control  [[Page S863]]  without harming the strong economic recovery. Supply chain disruptions  and the pandemic have pushed inflation up. Russia's unprovoked invasion  of Ukraine, which many economists expect to make supply shortages much  worse and cause energy prices to rise, creates huge risks for the  global economy.   These economic challenges collectively demand a fully staffed FOMC.  Indeed, one of the FOMC's biggest strengths is its ability to inspire  confidence in the United States and in the world. It is able to do this  because it typically works by consensus--consensus that reflects the  view of its 12 expert members. But when the FOMC doesn't have its full  complement of members and when members are serving in an acting  capacity, it doesn't speak with the same authority. At a moment when  there is so much turmoil in the domestic and global economies, it is  reckless to deny the FOMC its full membership.   My Republican colleagues have spent plenty of time talking about  inflation without offering solutions. Now, when presented with a chance  to empower the FOMC to combat higher prices, my Republican colleagues  have instead chosen to handcuff it.   By weakening the FOMC, Senate Republicans are increasing the odds of  a mistake. That makes it more likely for higher prices to persist, and  this outcome is unacceptable when millions of Americans are struggling  to cover increased costs for everyday expenses. The American people  should not need to bear any further economic hardships, however slight,  that could result from Republicans continuing to block these nominees.   Blocking these nominees also robs Congress and the public of an  important mechanism to hold the FOMC accountable for its decisions. My  Republican colleagues say they are committed to accountability, but  their blockade is ensuring that the five Reserve bank presidents, who  answer to the Nation's commercial banks and are not confirmed by the  Senate, are a majority on the FOMC. That means these five non-Senate- confirmed officials predominate when it comes to interest rate  decisions.   Congress promised the American people an FOMC led by members who  exclusively serve their interests. I urge my Republican colleagues to  deliver on that promise.   If the Federal Reserve fails to deliver maximum employment and stable  prices, the American people will question why.   Reasonable minds can differ about whether the FOMC ultimately raises  interest rates too much, too little, or just enough. Economists are  sure to debate that question in the years to come. But one obvious  conclusion will be that the FOMC lacked a full complement of members to  support the difficult decisions that it will make this year. That  conclusion will spread doubts about the integrity of the Federal  Reserve and its policies. If those doubts take root, it will be harder  for our Nation's central bank to support the economy.   In these rather uncertain economic times, the American people need  more certainty, not less, and they need an FOMC that is accountable to  them.   I urge my Republican colleagues to allow the Senate to vote on these  highly qualified nominees.   With that, I yield the floor.   