 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, when the Biden administration put out  their budget proposal, the Republicans knew it was literally wrong for  the country. The administration wanted to cut funding for our Armed  Forces, after inflation, while massively increasing spending on  nondefense.   Republicans have taken the President's bizarre position and flipped  it on its head. The bipartisan government funding bill that Senators  Leahy and Shelby have finished negotiating does exactly the opposite of  what the Biden administration first proposed. This bill provides a  substantial real-dollar increase to the defense baseline and a  substantial real-dollar cut to the nondefense, nonveterans baseline.   Let me say that again. President Biden wanted to cut defense spending  and grow liberal domestic spending in real dollars, but Congress is  rejecting the Biden administration's vision and doing the exact  opposite. This bill will grow defense spending and cut nondefense,  nonveterans spending after inflation.    Just last week, the Senate passed the National Defense Authorization  Act on an overwhelming bipartisan basis. Senators on both sides  acknowledged that President Biden and his administration had failed-- failed--to request the level of resources that our servicemembers and  their commanders actually needed. So on a bipartisan basis, we ignored  the administration's request and authorized what our Armed Forces  actually need.   But the landmark investments in upgrading and modernizing our Armed  Forces that we just laid out in the NDAA will not happen unless  Congress follows through and appropriates the money to pay the bills.  That is what Senators Shelby and Leahy have given us the opportunity to  achieve: make good on our commitments in the NDAA by following through  with actual funding.   Americans want our Nation to remain the preeminent global superpower.  We want our country to remain the mightiest civilization the world has  ever seen. We want to keep helping Ukraine, keep outcompeting Russia,  and keep pace with the huge investments that China is making in their  own military and new technologies.   So it is a strange position, to say the least, when Republicans in  Congress have to poke and prod a Democratic Commander in Chief into  sufficiently funding the men and women that he actually commands. But  as I said all along, funding our Armed Forces is a basic governing  duty. Republicans were not going to let our Democratic colleagues  demand extra leftwing goodies in exchange for doing their job and  funding our troops. The President's own party does not get to take our  national defense hostage and demand rewards.   So I am grateful that our Democratic colleagues backed down and  accepted our position. The bipartisan bill that our colleagues have  negotiated equips our Armed Forces with the resources they need while  cutting nondefense, nonveterans spending in real dollars.   This is a strong outcome for Republicans and, much more importantly,  it is the outcome that our Nation's security actually needs. So I want  to thank our distinguished colleague, Senator Shelby, for his hard  work, and I look forward to reviewing the full text soon.   