 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding time, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 5118, the Wildfire  Response and Drought Resiliency Act.   Climate change and extreme weather are already wreaking havoc on  American families and businesses. Every day, we read news stories about  drought conditions in the West and the corn belt, wildfires displacing  Americans from their homes, and the potential collapse of Texas' power  grid from extreme heat and unreliable fossil fuel power plants.   Just this week, in my home State of New Jersey, Governor Murphy is  encouraging residents to conserve water due to dry conditions.   Now, the impacts of climate and extreme weather are truly being felt  everywhere. That is why I am proud to support this package of  commonsense proposals, including many from the Energy and Commerce  Committee, to mitigate the effects of extreme weather on our electric  grid and water resources.   I just want to highlight a couple of the key provisions from our  committee.   The bill includes legislation from Representative O'Halleran,  requiring the Federal Government to identify grid infrastructure that  is vulnerable to natural disasters.   It includes Representative Casten's legislation to ensure that  different regions of the country can share power during extreme weather  events.   The legislation also includes a provision from Representative Panetta  to increase the energy resilience and productivity of critical  facilities through investments in microgrids, energy storage, and  energy efficiency.   Finally, it includes two provisions championed by Representative  McNerney. The first would help water systems implement water loss  control programs and water efficiency programs, and the second directs  the Federal Government to study the need and feasibility for standards  to ensure that power plants are capable of operating in drought  conditions.   Madam Chair, this legislation is essential to helping us address the  climate crisis. Frankly, this legislation should garner overwhelming  bipartisan support.  [[Page H7422]]    I can't understand why my Republican colleagues would oppose the  bill. They have farmers in their districts whose crops are ravaged by  drought. They represent homeowners displaced by wildfires. They  certainly have constituents who use the power grid.   Extreme weather clearly threatens our security, but my Republican  colleagues seem content to watch the world burn. I am not, and neither  are my Democratic colleagues. That is why I will vote for H.R. 5118,  and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   