 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the more than  124,000 of our neighbors in the 9th Congressional District who rely on  Social Security each and every month.   I rise also, Mr. Speaker, because 26 years ago, when I first ran for  Congress against an incumbent, I was fighting for Social Security  because it was an issue in that election of 1996, when you had choices.   Choices. Privatize, and that is the way to get to the goal line, and  senior housing, senior development, one after the other. The first  thing I heard when I walked in the door when I was campaigning in the  first congressional campaign of my life was, ``What are you going to do  about Social Security?''   The number of 124,000 is growing in every State every single day. It  is not getting smaller. We have more of an older community in the  United States of America. I am proud to have been part of that  community for a few years. We will leave it at that.   Social Security is one of our Nation's greatest success stories, and  after 86 years, Social Security still stands as a monument for decency,  dignity, and hardworking Americans. We talk about them a lot. We talk  about the middle class. We talk about the poor. That is what we do, we  talk a lot about it.   Yet throughout that storied history, Social Security has been under  attack. Going back to 1935 and FDR, from day one it has been the  subject of scurrilous attacks and lies. Those lies continue to this  day. It has taken its toll.   Social Security is no grab-bag giveaway, but benefits that you have  earned, you paid into with your own sweat and toil. Without aggressive  action, it teeters toward insolvency.   Congress has a sacred responsibility to protect Social Security for  today's seniors and for tomorrow's: their kids, their grandkids.   I am proud to stand here with my very good friend, Representative    John Larson, as a strong supporter of his Social Security 2100 Act.  This historic bill will ensure the strength and solvency of Social  Security for today's seniors.   The Social Security 2100 Act provides fully paid-for benefit  enhancements, not cuts in benefits. Oh, please notice who is advocating  for those cuts. Not just seniors; those to-be-seniors and their kids  and grandkids. It keeps President Biden's promise to not raise taxes on  middle-class families. This is a no-brainer.   Among its many improvements, this bill eliminates the unnecessary 5- month disability benefits waiting period. That, coupled with the  inadequacy of our postal officials, is enough to do away with the  seniors, I will tell you that. I hope that is not the plan.   Additionally, it will ensure Americans suffering with terminal and  debilitating disorders like Huntington's disease get the help they need  without red tape or delay.   Importantly, we have updated the legislation so that our  firefighters, police, teachers, and other public servants--we are  always putting our arms around them--will now receive the full Social  Security benefits that they have earned.   Social Security lifts more Americans out of poverty than any other  Federal program. 21 million each year. For over 40 percent of senior  beneficiaries, it provides a majority of their income. Their lives  literally depend on it. That is not an exaggeration, Mr. Speaker. That  is the importance of Social Security to America.   We are fighting for our seniors who have worked their entire lives,  and we are fighting for working families so that no one who pays their  whole lives should ever retire in poverty. That is a scourge.   With unified control of government, we must get this done. There are  no excuses. Congratulations to the committee and its chairman to get us  this far.   