 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the great work that Chairman  Johnson has been doing on this for the last few weeks, and I look  forward to working with him in the future.   Six days ago, Mr. Speaker, I spoke about the fentanyl crisis in this  Chamber. According to the trajectory of the CDC's most recent 12-month  data on drug overdose deaths, over 1,600 Americans have died since that  speech, 1,600. In reality, I am afraid that number is actually a lot  higher thanks to illegally trafficked fentanyl.   Just last week, an unsuspecting high school student in Connecticut  overdosed on marijuana laced with fentanyl. Thankfully, that student is  all right, but sadly, there are many others who do not survive an  overdose.    A man called my office the other day. His son died. He was in the  Carolinas, unsuspecting, took a street drug, and it was laced with  fentanyl. They said the fentanyl, the pill was still in his mouth, it  was that strong.   Our government needs to stop illegal fentanyl from entering the  United States right now, Mr. Speaker. Republicans and Democrats must  demand more action on this issue from our leaders.   Here in the House, Speaker Pelosi controls the floor schedule and  does not say much about illegal fentanyl trafficking. Down Pennsylvania  Avenue, at the White House, President Biden issued financial sanctions  against foreign smugglers who bring drugs like fentanyl into our  country. Mr. Speaker, that is a nice start, but I doubt these cartel  thugs and bums will quit the drug trade just because they can't use an  American bank.   Earlier today, I delivered a letter to Speaker Pelosi requesting that  she do everything in her power to stop fentanyl from entering our  country. President Biden received a copy of that letter as well. I  urged them to consider my Fentanyl Trafficker Elimination Act, which  would sentence fentanyl traffickers to life in prison, as a possible  solution to reducing the amount of fentanyl that flows across our  borders.   Politically, I have little in common with Speaker Pelosi and  President Biden. I met President Biden after the prayer breakfast, and  I told him that I don't agree with hardly anything he does, but I pray  for him every day, and that is true. However, I believe all three of us  agree more needs to be done to stop Americans from overdosing on  illegal fentanyl. I think overwhelming majorities in our respective  parties feel the same. The American people will be glad to see us put  politics aside and do something to reduce the tragic fentanyl overdose  deaths that have become too common in our communities.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we spend most of our time up here and, as  I have said before, these bridges and post offices aren't going to name  themselves. We need to get back to the people's work, Mr. Speaker, and  put an end to this tragedy.   As always, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your more-than-lackluster  abilities.   