 Madam President, why are we here? Why is this Senate  dedicating this entire day to a debate on the floor?   Well, we are here today to talk about, to debate and consider two  critical voting rights bills. It is our fourth try. It is our fourth  try. The three previous times we have tried to get on this bill, there  has been a filibuster on the motion to proceed, an obscure a procedural  standing that prevented us from getting to this bill.   We are finally on it, and there is a challenge in this Chamber, in  this country, to explain and articulate briefly why this is such an  important moment and why it justifies, in a tension between two of my  core principles--one of which is making sure that we work across the  aisle and find bipartisan solutions as much as possible and the other  that we protect foundational principles--the right to vote--and through  that right to make progress toward justice and inclusion in our  society--that I choose the latter.  [[Page S309]]    We have seen across our country, in recent months and years--ever  since Shelby County, a Supreme Court case, blew a hole in the center of  the Voting Rights Act passed in 1965, the most powerful civil rights  law in the history our country--a whole series of laws at the State and  local level eroding and undermining access to the ballot.   And in the months since the 2020 election, tragically, we have also  seen now State legislatures take up and pass laws designed to change  who counts the ballot, who certifies an election, voter subversion and  voter subversion, access to the ballot box, and who counts the votes.   Every one of us is here because we were elected. Every one of us  wants to know, or should want to know, that we won a free and fair  election in which as many Americans in our State as possible voted.   Why would we want barriers to Americans with disabilities, Americans  speaking different languages, Americans working full time and strained  by their working family commitments, Americans who are Black or Brown,  Native American, or Hispanic, or African American? Why would we want to  have any suspicion that our election to this body relied, in some part,  on suppressing or miscounting those votes?   Today, I am going to speak just briefly, if I can, about how today is  really about a fraying bipartisan consensus. Some of my Republican  friends and colleagues have spoken about how we have to continue to  hang on to and respect the rules of this Senate, especially the 60-vote  threshold, to moving forward on policy changes, and I have long  defended that and respect that concern. But we are also principally  here because of a forgotten consensus about working together to protect  access to the ballot box.   We have heard just now from a colleague the accusation that this is a  ``partisan Federal takeover'' of elections. Yet several of my  colleagues have read and reminded us the Constitution itself explicitly  gives this Congress the power, even the responsibility, to ensure that  Federal elections are conducted in a way that is free and fair.   When the first Senate gathered, think about who was in the room.  Think about the qualifications to vote, how narrow they were--property,  White men. Think about the arc of change in our Nation and how, year  after year, generation after generation, with a huge amount of  struggle, ultimately, the moral question of who can vote, of who counts  and whose vote should be counted has slowly, painfully, through  sacrifice, changed.   There was, for 50 years--from 1965, when earned through blood and  sacrifice on the Edmund Pettus Bridge, the Voting Rights Act was signed  into law by a former Senator from Texas, President Lyndon Baines  Johnson--there was for 50 years a consensus in this body that the  Voting Rights Act was a critical, even a sacrosanct, protection. It was  reauthorized five times--in 1970, in 1975, in 1982, and in 1992--by  strong bipartisan majorities, and in 2006, unanimously. No wonder,  then, that my friend and predecessor at this desk, our President, seems  to struggle to comprehend how a Republican Party that included Strom  Thurmond, when he chaired the Judiciary Committee, voted over and over  and over to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act.   Yet today, as we debate the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act,  we sadly do not have a single vote across this aisle to move us  forward.   How did this happen? How did this consensus, so hard-won, fray so  quickly? In short, it is because of a lie. It is because of a  misrepresentation that millions of illegals are voting--famously said  by our immediate past President. But a widespread belief that voter  fraud was undermining the very credibility of our elections has been  adopted across our country and spread and caused a fundamental break.   There has also been action by the new conservative majority on the  Supreme Court; first, in 2013 in Shelby County, where they took out the  section 4(b) formula that eviscerated section 5 preclearance to provide  free election protection against voter suppression; and then just last  year, in Brnovich v. DNC, when six conservative Justices concluded that  a State law in Arizona that had a demonstrable disparate impact on  Hispanic and Native American and Black voters could be allowed to stay  on the books and proceed.   Now, let's be clear. We should make sure there is no widespread voter  fraud. And on the Judiciary Committee, my colleague from Illinois and  others have led hearings to confirm that there is no widespread voter  fraud, as my colleague from California, the former secretary of state,  spoke eloquently to earlier.   The Freedom to Vote Act, which is the other bill in front of us,  benefited from modifications by Senator Manchin of West Virginia, also  a former secretary of state, to ensure that we have protections in  terms of voter ID.   I will also, briefly--and I know I need to conclude--respond, if I  can, to accusations by several of my colleagues that Delaware's voting  laws are not yet at the highest standard. And I will say, it is true my  State has a long, brutal, tragic history of race relations that were  not their best, and our voting laws have just now come to up to the  Federal standards we are hoping to make the standard for our whole  country.   But let me ask this question: In the midst of a pandemic, when State  after State has adopted changes to voting ballot boxes and no-fault  vote-by-mail and same-day registration, why would States be moving  those back? The pandemic isn't over.    In November, millions of medically vulnerable Americans will be  looking to vote. Why would we end these new provisions to provide  access to the ballot box?   Let me make two last points and conclude.   As I have traveled to a dozen countries in the last year, I have  heard from allies and adversaries concerns about the health of our  democracy. We must take action to protect the right to vote in this  country.   Last, we should not make the last casualty of this dread pandemic  rolling back voting access. If I must choose between a fundamental  principle learned through five congressional civil rights pilgrimages  spent with John Lewis that voting is a moral question or continue to  hold to a rule, I will choose the former and embrace a change that is  as narrow and temporary as possible and that will restore debate on  this floor.   As I marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge for the last time with  John Lewis, he stopped and turned and said to all of us in his halting  voice, knowing he was in his last weeks: Never give in. Never give up.  Never become hostile. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Stay hopeful  and keep marching.   It is my hope, Madam President, that our debate today, our votes  today, will give strength and lift and truth to the service and the  life and the sacrifice of Congressman Lewis.   