 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill,  the Brycen Gray and Ben Price COVID-19 Cognitive Research Act. I was  proud to introduce this legislation alongside my friends Ms. Wild, Mr.  Kinzinger, Mr. Cardenas, Mr. Meijer, Mr. Peters, Mr. Joyce, and Mr.  Gibbs, and I thank each of them for their leadership on the issue. I  also thank the two wonderful leaders of our committee, Chairwoman  Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas, and their staffs for moving this  important legislation forward.   Before I get into the heart of the bill, I will take a minute to  share a little bit about who Brycen Gray and Ben Price were.   Brycen Gray was a 17-year-old young man from my district in northeast  Ohio. Adored by his parents, Shawn and Tara, as well as his brothers,  Ricky and Patrick, Brycen sadly passed a little over a year ago. Known  for his quick wit and sense of humor with just the right amount of  sarcasm, Brycen could inspire the kind of laughter that makes you cry.  Brycen was loving, charismatic, and selfless. Brycen was the kind of  kid every parent dreams of.   Ben Price was a 48-year-old loving husband to his wife Jennifer, and  a devoted father to their two amazing children Jett and Maya. Sadly, we  lost Ben at the beginning of last year. Ben was a busy small business  owner and farmer from the outskirts of Chicago, but his life revolved  around his family, friends, and community. One of his passions was to  jump-start the Special Connections of Grundy County, whose mission is  to connect people with disabilities, like his beloved son Jett, to  their community. Ben led by example and loved without reservation.   Both Brycen and Ben tragically passed after battles with cognitive  impairments caused by COVID-19. Despite having no history of mental  illness, each of them began to battle symptoms such as anxiety, panic,  and paranoia. The disease took Brycen and Ben from two of the  healthiest, most vibrant people you could find to individuals so  debilitated that they could not bear to live another day. While they  fought to the bitter end, each chose to end their pain.   There is no greater joy than being a parent. For those of us blessed  to have children, we know it is the most important job any of us will  ever have. To be sure, there are plenty of challenges attributed to the  job. There is nothing more rewarding than watching your children grow,  while at the same time there is nothing more terrifying than watching  your children experience the tragedies that befell Brycen and Ben.   That is why the health and safety of our children should always come  first. That is exactly why I started working on this bill. If we  believe in protecting our families, we need to act now and start  finding answers to why COVID-19 can have such a significant impact on  the brain.   The legislation before us today is another important step in that  effort. Thus far, we have learned that as many as one in three COVID-19  survivors experience a cognitive impairment following their acute  infection. More alarming, nearly one in eight COVID-19 survivors are  diagnosed with an illness for the first time. With nearly 80 million  documented cases of infection in the U.S., the health implications  could be massive.   While anxiety, mood, and brain fog are among the most common  symptoms, researchers have also uncovered a prevalence of serious  complications such as psychosis, dementia, paralysis, and brain  hemorrhages. Moreover, additional impairments related to cognitive  syndrome like impairments in memory, executive function, attention, and  speed of information are common among COVID-19 survivors.   Despite the significant progress made by researchers to improve our  understanding of COVID-19, it remains unclear how the virus alters  brain function, who is most at risk, and what can be done to quickly  diagnose and treat impacted patients.   The Brycen Gray and Ben Price COVID-19 Cognitive Research Act aims to  close these gaps by accelerating our research efforts. Specifically, it  authorizes the NSF to award grants on a competitive basis to support  interdisciplinary research on the disruption of regular cognitive  processes associated with both short-term and long-term COVID-19  infections.    Grantees will be tasked with carrying out foundational studies on the  effects of cognition, emotion, neural structure, and function related  to COVID-19 infections, developing new tools to evaluate cognitive  disruptions from COVID-19, and examining the relevance of psychological  and psychosocial factors. In addition, the bill stands up a team at the  National Academies to study and produce a report on the issue.   We can't bring Brycen and Ben back, but we can ensure that their  memories live on. I don't want to lose any more Americans because we  weren't bold enough to take on an issue that might scare us, an issue  we don't fully understand, an issue that is far more common than many  in this body realize.   No family should have to endure the tragedy of losing a loved one  from COVID-19's cognitive impacts. The Brycen Gray and Ben Price COVID- 19 Cognitive Research Act ensures we will do everything in our power to  find answers and deliver solutions. We cannot afford to lose any more  time.   Again, I thank Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for their  constant, incredible leadership on our committee. I urge my colleagues  to support the bill.   