 Madam Speaker, I rise to offer my amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H5794]]    I appreciate the opportunity to present this amendment. This  amendment would delay the implementation of the MAT Act, section 262,  until January of 2024.   Currently, the Act would eliminate the patient cap on the number of  patients a single healthcare provider can provide buprenorphine to.  This cap was created originally in 2000 in the Drug Addiction Treatment  Act, which initially set the cap at 30 patients. Since 2000, the cap  has been increased several times, and the current law is 275 patients  per healthcare practitioner.   This patient cap has never been lifted before or even studied as to  what the effects would be if it was lifted. This is a complex treatment  area. Patients don't just need buprenorphine, or its less addictive  form known by the trade name Suboxone. They need behavioral healthcare  treatment. They need hands-on, detailed guidance. They need to do a  long, step-down process, slowly reducing and then eliminating all of  the opioids that they are using or have used.   Buprenorphine is also an opioid. It is better than heroin or  fentanyl, and it can be used as a treatment very effectively. But it  still can be addictive. There are reports of its sale on the street.  With no cap on the number of patients, I fear we could see abuse.   But if we feel this should be a matter for the States to define  through their medical processes, their medical boards, or their  legislatures, we need to give them time to take that action. Most State  legislatures are not currently in session, so the amendment gives the  States time to take action if they choose to do so.   The overall bill is good, but I don't want us to be inadvertently  creating more problems down the road related to buprenorphine.   Delaying the implementation of the new MAT language until 2024 will  allow States to analyze what they think is a good cap for their  population, if they choose to do so at all, but they need the time in  order to make that decision.   Accordingly, Madam Speaker, I would ask that we vote ``yes'' on this  important amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Ferguson).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Mrs. Rodgers).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   