 Madam President, I am constantly struggling that when  people say there is no consensus in Washington, DC, there is often  consensus. It is just a question of a different means by which to  achieve the goals and consensus. If I were to say that we would want to  have increased national security, lower global greenhouse gas  emissions, a booming economy, and energy security, everybody would  agree. The difference is how we achieve those means. And so what this  process is, is to give the American people the opportunity to judge  what is the best set of policies that will allow us to achieve that  which we are speaking of.   Clearly, there is a nexus, a connection--you put them all together-- between energy security, national security, the economy of our country  and the economy of a family, and whether or not a country is lowering  or increasing its contribution to global greenhouse gas emissions. This  talk will be about that nexus between energy security, national  security, global greenhouse gas emissions--how do we decrease them--and  the economy of our country and the economy of a family.   Now, I am from Louisiana--I think that is pretty well known; the  senior Senator from Louisiana--and we are privileged to host many of  the facilities of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, that connection  between energy security and national security.   The Strategic Petroleum Reserve, for those who do not know, is where  we have salt domes full of oil, millions of barrels, so that if ever  there is another embargo, like there was in 1973, where Middle Eastern  countries were attempting to punish the United States, we would have  enough in our Strategic Petroleum Reserve so that we could draw from  and we could preserve our national security and our economic security-- again, that nexus between energy security, national security, and the  economy of a country and the economy of a family.   President Biden has decided to drain the Strategic Petroleum Reserve  to lower the price of gasoline. I am all for lowering the price of  gasoline, but if you think about it, drawing oil from a Strategic  Petroleum Reserve is basically the same as pumping it out of the ground  if it is in West Texas or off the coast of Louisiana. One is just oil  that has been produced and put in a salt dome, and the other is being  produced naturally.   So rather than increasing production on Federal lands, the President  made the decision to just draw from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve.  Unfortunately, we are now at the lowest level of reserves since 1984.  To the degree--and it is a great degree--that our national security  depends upon being energy independent, we have lowered our  [[Page S5145]]  Reserve to the lowest since 1984, which is to say that we are less  secure in terms of energy and therefore less secure in terms of our  economy and less secure in terms of our national security.   The President needs a plan to refill that from domestically produced  oil--period, end of story--and the swing production of that is going to  be production on Federal lands, such as that off the coast of  Louisiana.   Where does that leave us? Unfortunately, President Biden's energy  plan is such that the Biden administration has set the record for the  fewest oil leases on Federal lands in the first 19 months of his  office. Both Presidents Obama and Trump approved over 10 times the  number of leases as the Biden administration has over the same period.   So while Russia is attempting to blackmail the rest of the world by  their energy production; where we have drained our Strategic Petroleum  Reserve down to its lowest levels since 1984; where Europe is paying  record prices for oil and natural gas, which may bring on a recession- depression there, which, of course, hurts our economy, this  administration has had the fewest leases on record, and Obama and Trump  had 10 times as many in the same period. This is hurting our energy  security, which means it hurts our national security, which means it is  going to hurt the economy of our country and the economy of a family.   My gosh, just ask what they are paying for their utility bills and  what they are paying to fill up their tanks. Ask what they are paying  at the grocery store, which is very dependent upon the supply of  natural gas and oil in order to keep those prices lower. They would say  they are hurting. This anti-energy policy has hurt across the board.   By the way, I think the rationale for not issuing those leases is  that in some way, if the United States does not develop our own oil and  gas resources, magically, global greenhouse gas emissions are going to  decrease. That is the superstition of those who favor that policy-- except, unfortunately, logic. You can't ignore facts.   A national laboratory has said that if you are speaking about oil,  that which has the lowest life cycle of greenhouse gas emissions is the  oil produced off the coast of Louisiana, which is far lower than the  oil that we import from other countries.   If you are really concerned about lowering global greenhouse gas  emissions, it is the environmental standards that we use in our country  to produce our national resources--and, by the way, creating our  American jobs--that have the lowest life cycle carbon emissions.   So that completes our nexus. We spoke about energy security related  to national security, which in turn creates better jobs and a better  economy for us all and actually has the effect of lowering global  greenhouse gas emissions. That is our nexus.   Unfortunately, this administration's policy is hurting American  families, as they pay more through inflation; hurting our national  security, as our Strategic Petroleum Reserve is at its lowest level,  and therefore our energy security; and also contributing to increased  global greenhouse gas emissions, as we have to import from countries  without our environmental standards. Because we are unable to increase  our production and supply, say Europe--they are burning coal instead of  our oil and gas and, with that, increasing global greenhouse gas  emissions.   There are some bright spots. On a bipartisan basis, the Congress just  passed the Kigali Amendment, which recognizes--which is a form of  hydrocarbons which were used in refrigerants. The use of this will  lower global greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. Congress just passed  that. So other countries that persist in using older technology which  increases global greenhouse gas emissions will be at a competitive  disadvantage because Congress passed that. So in the midst of this kind  of bad news--boy, it is just not working out the way it should--we  actually have an example of how we can make it work better.   I am an advocate for a carbon border adjustment, not a carbon tax. I  think carbon taxes are the wrong way to go. Let me explain. If we have  a carbon border adjustment where the U.S. chemical industry, using our  environmental standards, using natural gases of feedstock, everything  we have done and invested in to lower global greenhouse gas emissions-- we are competing with countries in Asia, specifically China, which  don't use those measures, which pollute far more than we, but because  they don't use their environmental standards, they have a lower cost of  manufacturing. We are competing against cheaper goods, but they are  cheaper precisely because they are producing more global greenhouse gas  emissions.   The Kigali Amendment tells us what to do. If we had a carbon border  adjustment where we say that this is the carbon intensity of our goods  that are produced, and if a country in Asia--say, specifically, China-- has a carbon emission profile that may be 5 to 10 times higher, if they  want to import their goods, they would have to pay a fee based upon how  their carbon intensity is greater than ours.    That is great. One, it is going to help us with our economy. Our  workers who are losing their jobs to those in China because they don't  enforce their environmental standards and we enforce ours and therefore  our cost of production is higher--those jobs begin to return. It will  be cheaper to produce here after all if China is forced to pay for the  pollution they are putting into the atmosphere. It creates more jobs.  That is good for Americans and good for our economy. It strengthens us  relative to the Chinese, who are using their profits to build a bigger  army. It is good for greenhouse gas emissions. Now China is actually  incentivized to lower emissions as opposed to now, where they have no  incentive to do anything but to increase their emissions.   So we begin to decrease global greenhouse gas emissions. That is good  for our national security. The stronger our economy is and the relative  weakness of the Chinese economy means that we are better able to invest  relative to the Chinese, which means that we are better able to spread  Western values as opposed to the Chinese values, which involve bribery,  which involve corruption of government, which involve coercion. Just  look at what has happened in Hong Kong if someone thinks the Chinese  Communist Party is a better system of government. We are able to export  our values and push back upon theirs.   So if we are trying to have a policy, as I said at the outset, which  combines the best instincts of the right and the left, where we all  want to have energy security, national security--we want to have a  better, stronger economy for working Americans, and we want to lower  global greenhouse gas emissions--the Kigali Amendment, which passed on  a bipartisan basis, gives us an example of how to do that.   Let's make a strength of our environmental regulations, and let's  make others pay for their ignoring those same regulations. In so doing,  we begin to attract jobs back here for Americans to strengthen our  economy, lowering global greenhouse gas emissions, strengthening our  energy security, our economy, and therefore our national security.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Zachary  Schultz, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges until  September 29, 2022.   