 Madam Speaker, today, I rise in strong support of the  Inflation Reduction Act--landmark legislation that will have a lasting  impact on our planet and help lower costs for Americans in New York  City and across our country. From lowering prescription drug prices and  health care costs for working families to including the most  significant climate investment in our nation's history, the Inflation  Reduction Act includes policies I have long fought for.   With this legislation, our nation can finally rise to the seriousness  of the moment in our fight against climate change by making the large- scale investments needed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40  percent by 2030, lower energy costs for families, and create millions  of good-paying clean energy jobs across our country.   I am thrilled that with this legislation, our government will finally  be able to negotiate the prices of some of our nation's costliest  prescription drugs--drugs that have been on the market for years and  reap billions of dollars in sales from Medicare alone. I am proud that  the Inflation Reduction Act will bring down health care costs for over  3.7 million New Yorkers and will result in enormous savings for  taxpayers.   With the passage of this bill, Democrats are showing American  families that our federal government can deliver for the people, not  just special corporate interests.   I look forward to voting to pass this historic legislation.   Mr. DAVID Scott of Georgia. Madam Speaker, the Inflation Reduction  Act of 2022 before us today makes historic investments in climate  change mitigation, our critical forestry and conservation programs,  rural communities, and energy and biofuels infrastructure.   This package makes important investments in our oversubscribed farm  bill conservation programs. By expanding participation in these  programs and providing increased technical assistance funding, farmers  will more readily be able to employ proven conservation practices on  their land, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and sequester carbon. I  have always believed that agriculture should be the tip of the spear in  addressing the harmful effects of climate change. This legislation  helps make that a reality.   My colleagues may complain about the steps we had to take to ensure  this additional funding for our farm bill conservation programs, I  would note that our colleagues on the other side have similarly  extended the authorization of farm bill authorizations, but in those  cases, it was to cut funding from them. In this exercise, we are  including additional funding, which will be beneficial as we look to  writing the 2023 Farm Bill.   Major investments in forestry will also help to combat climate  change, reduce risk of catastrophic wildfire, and ensure that our  public and private lands have the tools they need to continue to serve  as our largest carbon sinks. In addition to the carbon benefits, this  bill helps restore forest ecosystems, improve watershed health, and  enhance wildlife habitat by providing much needed funding.  Additionally, the forestry provisions of the bill will help bring rural  prosperity to many parts of our Nation by ensuring that we are  developing new, innovative, wood products, and by making sure that  underserved communities can benefit from emerging climate mitigation  markets. This bill makes sure that urban communities have access to  forestry programs by providing needed funding for Urban and Community  Forestry. Expanding the tree canopy in urban areas is one of the  cheapest and most effective ways to address temperature impacts and air  quality issues, and I'm sorry some of my colleagues don't recognize  that.   The Inflation Reduction Act's investments in rural communities,  energy, and biofuels will help lower energy bills, increase the  efficiency of energy systems, and provide opportunities for farmers and  small business owners to employ emission reducing technology in their  operations. Increasing energy efficiency is good for their bottom lines  and good for the climate. This legislation also provides significant  support for rural electric cooperatives as they transition to renewable  and zero emission energy systems, and it also increases access to clean  biofuels across the nation.   This bill provides expedited relief to direct and guaranteed farm  loan borrowers at risk of losing their farming operations. It also  allows USDA to help farmers and ranchers who have suffered  discrimination in Farm Service Agency farm loan programs. It requires  USDA to use one or more nongovernmental entities to help provide this  assistance.   Lastly, it builds upon the American Rescue Plan efforts to increase  access to capital and land for our beginning and underserved producers  by expanding access to technical assistance, financial training,  cooperative development, and assistance to address heirs' property  issues. And part of this effort includes bolstering the capacity at our  1890 and 1994 Land Grant, Insular Area, and other Minority-Serving  Institutions in the areas of research, education and extension.   I want to thank the Members of the Agriculture Committee for their  hard work on this legislation. And I also want to thank the Agriculture  Committee staff who have dedicated many hours over the last year to  helping see this legislation through to its passage today.   