 Madam President, today--I should say, these days--the  United States is breaking all kinds of records and all the wrong kinds.  In 2021, illegal border crossings hit a new high, with more than 2  million border encounters along our southern border, 1,200 miles of  which is the U.S.-Texas border with Mexico.   Other numbers: the worst inflation in the last 40 years, 7\1/2\  percent--meaning that your paycheck is worth 7\1/2\ percent less than  it was before this inflation rocket took off. A number of major cities  are experiencing their deadliest year as the murder rates have spiked.  A combination of inflation, open borders, and rising crime rates is a  dangerous combination.   Drug overdose deaths reached a grim new milestone as well. For the  first time on record, more than 100,000 Americans died of drug  overdoses during a 12-month period. That is 100,000 families who lost  their children, parents, siblings, and loved ones to an entirely  preventable cause.   Our country has been fighting this scourge of the opioid epidemic for  years now. In 2018, we celebrated incremental progress, as overdose  deaths dropped 4 percent--dropped 4 percent--from the previous year,  the first decrease in three decades. Unfortunately, that trend did not  last. Overdose deaths increased in 2019, and they absolutely  skyrocketed in 2020. We are still waiting for complete data for 2021,  but it is not looking good.   The isolation, the anxiety, and the financial stresses of the  pandemic have taken their toll on virtually every American, but our  most vulnerable friends and neighbors are the ones who have been hit  particularly hard. On top of the physical and financial struggles of  the pandemic, many individuals are battling substance use disorders and  lost access to treatment centers and outreach facilities.   There has never been a more important time for us to examine our  response to the opioid epidemic and to take decisive action to stem the  tide.   Last week, the Commission on Combating Synthetic Opioid Trafficking  released its report, which analyzed the state of the synthetic opioid  crisis and offered recommendations. The Commission referred to illicit  synthetic opioids as ``a slow motion weapon of mass destruction in pill  form.'' Now, that may sound a little dramatic until you consider how  much death and destruction this crisis has created. Since the Centers  for Disease Control began collecting overdose data in 1999, more than 1  million Americans have died from drug overdoses. If you combined the  number of servicemen who died in battles throughout our country's  history, the number of overdose deaths would still be higher.   We all know there is no silver bullet when it comes to addressing  this crisis. But it is not a matter of diverting illicit drugs or  stopping overprescription or breaking the cycle of addiction; it is all  of the above. But one of the most important places to start is by  addressing the flow of illegal drugs across our border. Reducing the  supply of drugs that eventually reach our streets is critical.   As we have discussed the crisis at the border that has been going on  in its current form for a year now, I have talked about the cascading  impact of the migration surge.   Customs and Border Protection deserves a lot of credit for their good  work. The Agency plays a major role not just in migration or  intercepting illegal immigration but also a major role in stopping  illicit drugs. But when thousands of migrants flood our borders each  and every day, their anti-drug mission stumbles because, frankly, the  cartels know that if they flood the zone with so many migrants that the  Border Patrol has to manage those, it leaves open avenues, veritable  avenues and expressways across the border into the United States to  bring in illegal drugs. If Border Patrol is changing diapers and  passing out meals, as they have done throughout this humanitarian  crisis, they can't be on the frontlines combating illegal drug  smuggling; they can't interdict dangerous drugs or deter the cartels  from moving their poison across our borders.   One of the most effective ways to avoid overdose deaths is to prevent  those drugs from entering the country in the first place, and Customs  and Border Protection is literally on the frontlines of that fight.   In recent years, Customs and Border Protection has seen an alarming  amount of drugs coming across our border, one of the most concerning of  which is fentanyl. Fentanyl is a uniquely dangerous drug because it is  so potent; it is so strong. Depending on a person's body size, 2  milligrams can be lethal. A kilogram of fentanyl, 2.2 pounds, could  kill 500,000 people--2.2 pounds of fentanyl could kill half a million  people.   A few years ago, CBP seized about 2,800 pounds of fentanyl in a year.  The next year, it jumped to 4,800 pounds. The following year, Customs  and Border Protection seized more 11,200 pounds of fentanyl, enough  to wipe out the entire U.S. population many times over. That is how  potent it is.    Once it reaches the United States, this synthetic opioid, fentanyl,  often makes its way into other substances, such as in combination with  methamphetamine and heroin, which, too, can also lead to deadly  consequences.   Cities across America are experiencing waves of overdose deaths  caused by counterfeit opioids laced with fentanyl. In Texas,  authorities recently seized more than 100,000 counterfeit pills laced  with fentanyl--a haul with a street value of more than a million  dollars.   Mexico, our neighbor to the south, is the principal source of illicit  fentanyl, and unfortunately the Biden administration has made it  incredibly easy for the drug cartels to ply their trade. Now, it is  true that many of the precursors to make that fentanyl come from places  like China, but ultimately it ends up ending in Mexico and making its  way into the United States.   As the border crisis has grown to unprecedented proportions, it has  become easier for fentanyl, heroin, and other illicit drugs to cross  the border and reach communities throughout our country. There is a  beyond-urgent need for the administration to address the border  crisis--not just to stem illegal immigration, not just to stop  criminals from preying on our country by mixing among economic migrants  and making their way into the country; it is also about stopping the  trade in illegal drugs that are literally killing men, women, and  children in communities all across our country.   Until action is taken to alleviate the humanitarian crisis and get  the Border Patrol back on the frontlines, we are not going to make a  lot of progress. We have to stop the drug cartels and criminal  organizations in their tracks, and we can't do that if law enforcement  officers are on diaper duty.   We need a comprehensive approach to address this crisis and address  additional support for those who are already struggling with addiction.   Last year, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill that I introduced with  Senator Whitehouse, the Senator from Rhode Island, called the  Residential Substance Use Disorder Treatment Act in order to help  incarcerated individuals break the cycle of addiction and  [[Page S659]]  transition safely and productively back into society. This legislation  updates the residential substance abuse treatment program and expands  access to treatment in jails and prisons across the country. The  program already provides incarcerated individuals with access to  treatment for substance use disorders. That treatment is coupled with  programs to prepare them for reentry and provide community-based  treatment once they are released. The changes included in this current  legislation will give incarcerated men and women the best possible shot  at living healthier and more productive lives once they are released.   I am sure it is no surprise that this bill has strong support both  here in the Senate and among outside organizations that do a lot of  good work in this area. More than two dozen organizations have endorsed  this bill, including those in law enforcement, criminal justice, and  behavioral health.   The bill passed the Senate with unanimous support last year, but it  is still lingering on the House calendar. It is unclear when or if  Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats will allow this bill to pass so we  can invest crucial resources in the fight against drug abuse.   There are a number of challenges that we face that transcend politics  here in Congress and inside the beltway, and this definitely is one of  them. Fighting the opioid epidemic is a cause everyone in this Chamber  should get behind because each of our States and indeed the entire  country have been impacted. Families across my State and the rest of  the 49 States have lost children, parents, siblings, and friends to the  opioid epidemic. In 2020 alone, we lost more than 4,000 of my fellow  Texans to drug overdoses. Unless we take action to thwart the slow- motion weapon of mass destruction, our communities will face even more  suffering and more deaths.   I am tired of the pain and suffering the opioid epidemic has  inflicted on families across the country. I am angry. I am fed up. And  I believe we need a call to action because there is an urgent need to  address drug addiction in America. I am committed to being part of the  solution, and I would hope every Member of Congress in the House and  the Senate, Republicans and Democrats alike, would join us in becoming  a part of the solution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   