 Madam President, you know, it is often said here that  everything has been said, but not everybody has said it yet.   (Laughter.)   This is actually a case where everything won't be said today and  can't be said. The remarkable legislative accomplishments that Rob has  made are truly that--they are just remarkable.   When we were serving early in the House together, there was this big  retirement bill. I thought, for a while, of Senator Portman that then- Congressman Cardin's first name was ``Portman'' because it was all  about the Portman-Cardin Act, the Portman-Cardin ``this and that.''   (Laughter.)   I had a little piece we were able to put in that was called the  SIMPLE Plan. Maybe that is because the only thing I understood was the  SIMPLE Plan. It was a helpful plan, but we probably wouldn't have  gotten it done if Rob hadn't been constantly making the legislative  things happen that he makes happen.   As I have said in my remarks, I have never served on a committee with  Rob Portman, in the House or in the Senate, in our more than 20 years  of working together, but I have probably spent more time with him in  meetings, as we have tried to figure out how to move forward, than I  have with almost anybody else, whether they had been the House  leadership meetings or have been the Senate leadership meetings. I knew  so much about Rob that not only did Abby I and really know and  appreciate the friendship with him and Jane--and I knew their kids--but  there was a while when I knew the names of both of their dogs. That  shows that you spend a lot of time with somebody if you know the names  of both of their dogs. I did that with Rob.   He has done so well here. I was the whip in the House when Rob was  the U.S. Trade Ambassador, and those trade bills are always hard to get  done no matter how easy it seems. There was the Central American trade  deal that we took to the floor, and like with so many was the case, we  just decided: OK. Now is the time to go. I think we are going to get  this done today. The work is good. Now we have just got to get the  Members willing to go home and admit that they did this.   Trade agreements are good for the country, but often Members don't  want to talk about them when they get home because you can always find,  somewhere, somebody in your State who might think you could have done a  better job in negotiating part of this.   Then there is another thing, I think, that Rob and I had in common  and understood. I just heard today, on NewsRadio, while I was driving  in this morning, their talking about the new, highly competitive  States. They mentioned, for decades, Missouri and Ohio were always  considered to be the two bellwether States. Those were the two States.  I think, in our State, for 100 years, we voted for the Presidential  winner every time but one. Ohio had about that same record.   We have also seen a political transition in our States--where they  have gone from highly competitive, where you are really out there in so  many  [[Page S7059]]  ways on your own when running for office, to where the parties have  changed in ways that we may appreciate more than a lot of other people  here would.   I had not thought about the support group. I am not sure--I hope I  don't need that--but I sure do need and hope to have the additional  time to continue our great friendship and times to talk. As several  people have said, you always listen when Rob talks because he knows  what he is talking about. That is a relatively rare currency anywhere-- even in the U.S. Senate.   I hope we are going to spend enough time together that we won't miss  each other, but, certainly, I will miss the times we have had to work  together on both sides of the building. It was sometimes when you were  with the administration and I was here, but congratulations on what you  have done for America and what you have done for your family and the  future of the country.   I yield the floor.   