 Madam President, reserving the right to object,  let me first say that I care deeply about fixing the problems with the  U.S. Postal Service. The Postal Service provides an essential service  and touches the lives of nearly every American. The Postal Service also  consumes billions in taxpayer and consumer money every year, meaning  that it has to be accountable to taxpayers and consumers not only in  how effectively it delivers but in how it spends the dollars it  receives. So I absolutely support getting something done to reform the  Postal Service and ensure it is more accountable to taxpayers and  consumers.   I also support provisions of this bill, like its focus on enhanced  services for rural communities, which will benefit many families across  my great State, and I like the fact that it maintains the current 6-day  mail delivery schedule. Unfortunately, there are also pieces of this  bill that set us back and block the opportunity for us to achieve our  shared goal of responsibly reforming the Postal Service.   What I am asking for here is not unreasonable. I simply want the  Senate to have the opportunity to work on this, improve it, and deliver  a bill that truly works.   The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs has  jurisdiction over the Postal Service. I am actually very proud to serve  on this committee. Unfortunately, the committee has not held one  hearing or member meeting on the bill, nor has the bill even been  considered at a markup.   We aren't here considering just a simple resolution. This is a  massive, multibillion-dollar bill that has huge impacts on Medicare  recipients, and the Democratic majority skipped the committee process  and rushed the bill to the floor.   Despite the rushed process throughout the bill, a few details need to  be highlighted, and they are not pretty.   First, as I said before, this bill does not fix the underlying issues  with the Postal Service, nor does it make it profitable. I don't  understand why the Postal Service loses money and cannot be profitable.  I don't think many Americans understand why.   America is more than $30 trillion in debt. We can't afford to add  more stress on our already enormous national debt with poor financial  planning, which I think this bill absolutely does. In fact, this bill  simply shifts risk to Medicare recipients by adding billions in new  costs to Medicare.   I am not sure why the Democrats are so eager to threaten the  viability of Medicare or the benefits for Medicare recipients. The  Democrats triggered billions in Medicare funding cuts in 2021 in  Florida and other States in their wasteful, partisan COVID spending  bill. Now they are putting even more stress on Medicare and the  benefits of Medicare recipients by shifting billions in new costs onto  the program.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, between just 2025 and  2031, this bill would increase costs to Medicare by more than $1.9  billion for Part B and $4.2 billion for Part D. This will hurt Medicare  recipients. And even that score is based on the limited number of  future budget years that were covered in the CBO's review.    We must have a long-term CBO score on this bill so that Congress can  clearly review the future impacts to Medicare recipients. That is why I  sent the director of the CBO a letter earlier today asking for more  information about this bill.   Over 60 million seniors across our country, including more than 4.5  million seniors in Florida, rely on Medicare. It is unconscionable to  add further expenses to them and place the future care of postal  workers on the line when Medicare is already on the road to insolvency.   The retiree health benefits for the Postal Service are partially  unfunded. This bill provides no new funding for the retiree health  benefits of postal workers. It doesn't solve the problem.   Now, I heard that my Democrat colleagues say this bill will address  the massive supply chain crisis that millions of American families have  suffered from. I could not disagree with them more on this point. And,  frankly, I am shocked that they are willing to unfairly stick our  postal workers with the blame for the failures of the Biden  administration that have created and worsened our supply chain  problems. This bill does nothing to address this supply chain problem.   I know that the hard-working men and women of the Postal Service are  not the ones causing this crisis; but if my colleagues insist that they  are, that is even more of a reason to make sure this bill is heard in  committee so we can really dig into the problem and make sure we come  with up a sustainable solution.   There is no looming deadline that would necessitate rushed action by  the Senate. This bill perfectly captures everything that is wrong with  the way Washington solves problems. Instead of taking the time to craft  a sustainable, affordable, and accountable solution that serves the  interests of taxpayers, Medicare recipients, consumers, and postal  workers and achieves our policy goals, Congress rushes bills into law  so that politicians can send out a press release saying they did  something, even if that something actually makes the problem worse.   If any business operated like this, it would absolutely fail. We have  to stop this insanity. Given the scope of the legislation, the  potential negative impact to postal workers, taxpayers, consumers,  Medicare recipients, and seniors, the Senate should carefully and  thoughtfully consider this bill. We should take all appropriate steps  to make sure that we get this right. The Senate has simply not been  afforded the opportunity to do that; therefore, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object,  I notice neither of my colleagues addressed the fact that, still, why  didn't this go to committee? Why wouldn't we go through a process? This  massive, billion-dollar bill, why wouldn't we go to a committee? They  did not address that.   And, by the way, they talk about a technical error. I was here when  my colleague from Florida had a technical change where the number was  wrong, and my Democratic colleagues blocked the amendment. So this is  not unheard of.   On top of that, they never addressed the fact that this puts our  Medicare recipients and our Medicare Program at further risk because  the program is not fully funded, and this is nothing to fix it. On top  of that, with our retiree benefits in the Postal Service, their funding  is underfunded. This doesn't do anything to improve their funding.   So I am not going to object, but let's make sure we clear up the  facts here.   