 Mr. President, I first want to thank my colleague Senator  Sinema for her comments. I think that she has framed a lot of the  challenges that we were seeking to address that are going to persist  into the next Congress now.   I think one of the things that we have to do, if we are able to  achieve bipartisan consensus in the next Congress, is to get more  people to recognize, just as Senator Sinema stated in her first few  lines of her comments just before me, we have a crisis at the southern  border. And it is a crisis where the border States--the southern border  States--bear the brunt of it, but it affects everybody in the United  States. Every city, every State, every community is being affected by  the crisis at the border.   I think this administration has to recognize--it is interesting if  you watch the news coverage--how suddenly one end of the spectrum says:  Now it is time for Congress to act. The crisis at the border--2 million  illegal crossings in each of the last 12-month periods, for a total of  4 million people illegally crossing the border.   We dodged a bullet this week when title 42, which is a policy that  allows expedited removal for a certain group of those crossing the  border illegally to be returned--but tomorrow or next week or in the  next couple of weeks, that policy is going to come off the books. Then,  Border Patrol says, they will no longer have control over the border.  They already have said that they can barely keep up.   The vast majority of people who are Border Patrol agents who should  be responding to illegal crossings are now working in the aftermath of  2 million people coming across the border over the last 12 months. They  are providing housing, transportation. They are not actually doing law  enforcement. If title 42 goes away, that 2 million is estimated to be 3  million over the next 12 months. And it could go up from there.   Ever since President Biden has taken office--we have to keep in mind  that this is just an objective observation. In the 12 months before  President Biden came into office, there were about a half million  illegal crossings--in the 12 months before. In the 12 months after,  there were 2 million. And the 12 months after that, there were 2  million. And now we have the threat of 3 million and continuing.   On the one hand, when you see somebody risking their life to come  into this country, you have to kind of take it as a compliment. They  want to realize the American dream. And I admire that. One of the very  reasons why we are so attractive as a country to come and live and  prosper is because we are a nation of laws. We have order. Now we have  disorder at the border.   And even though it is a huge problem to have 2 million crossings  every year, it is an even worse problem to have 50,000 got-aways. The  way it works down at the border--I have been to the border several  times--the vast majority of the people that cross the border,  immediately, you literally see at the northern side of the Rio Grande  an arrow that points you to where you can go to be processed. They know  they are going to be treated respectfully. They will be given housing.  They will be given food. They will go through the process.   What is concerning is that there are some 50,000 per month who  intentionally evade apprehension. Now, why on earth, if you have got a  valid asylum claim or you don't have a criminal  [[Page S7808]]  record, would you run the risk of evading Border Patrol rather than  presenting yourself, getting in line, being processed and being  released within a few weeks? The reason for that is that many of them  have criminal background records.   We had 750 recently apprehended who were documented members of gangs  in their country of origin. These are people that are coming to this  country and quickly going to the communities that they are most like  and making those communities less safe for the people who are legally  present or the people who have been relocated over the past couple of  years with the flood at the border.   You also have to understand that the cartel--the reason the  administration has to recognize this is a crisis is the cartels made an  estimated $800 million over the last 12 months paying a toll to come to  this country. If you are in a Latin American country or South American  country, you are paying an average between $5,000 to $7,000 per person.  If you are from China, you are paying about $35,000. These cartels have  set up a marketing function. They go to these source countries and say:  If you pay us a fee, we will get you to the United States, in spite of  the fact that they have may have passed through other safe countries  that they could seek asylum.   That is what we talk about when we are talking about abusing our  asylum system. Our international treaties say that if somebody comes to  you and you have a credible fear for your life or your family's life in  the country that you live, relocate to a country that can grant you  asylum and go through the process. But what the cartels are saying: Pay  us a fee. We don't care where you are in the world--literally--and we  will get you to the United States. And you will pass through several  countries where you could have applied for asylum in between.   And then when you get here, the cartels have coached them on exactly  what to say to make you think that they have a credible asylum claim,  in spite of the fact that with hundreds of judges--Democratic judges,  Republican judges, Independent judges--80 percent of those asylum  claims are deemed not to be credible. So the asylum system is broken.  It has to be fixed. It is one of the foundations of any kind of  framework that I could support.   The border has to be secured, and we need more technology and more  enforcement at the legal ports of entry because those same cartels who  are making $800 million a year are spending that money to then send  truckloads of fentanyl and dangerous drugs poisoning and killing  Americans.   I hope that in the next Congress, we can recognize, No. 1--hopefully  the administration will recognize that we do have a crisis at the  border and it can't be solved on partisan grounds. We have to have a  conversation. Both ends of the political spectrum need to recognize  that you have to move to a point where we can produce a solution.  Otherwise, Americans are going to be poisoned to death, and people  trying to cross the border are going to die in the hundreds. It is a  moral obligation that we have to get out of our political comfort zone  and get something done. Otherwise, the deaths, the blood of the people  who die as a result of inaction, will be on the hands of everybody in  this room.    Madam President, I want to take a moment to talk about  history, and then I will be making a unanimous consent request.   One hundred thirty years ago was the first time the Lumbee Tribe of  North Carolina sought recognition. But you have to go back about 250  years--but that is not even enough; you have to go back to the colonial  times to see a Tribe indigenous to North Carolina who has maintained a  culture, maintained a language, done everything they need to do to be  acknowledged as a Native American Tribe.   One hundred thirty years ago, they sought recognition, and they were  turned away. Every year since then,  [[Page S9609]]  they have come to Congress to try to find recognition, and they have  failed to do it.   Back in the 1950s, the Congress at that time--and we can talk about  that, and I will talk about that in future speeches--at once recognized  the Lumbee and then unrecognized the Lumbee.   The Lumbee Tribe in North Carolina is a Tribe that has a distinct  culture. They have a distinct language. They are a Tribe that I have  been working with for years, since the time I was speaker of the house,  helping them continue to preserve a heritage that has existed since the  Tribe first formed.   We have been trying to get the Lumbee recognized for several years.  As a matter of fact, the bill that I am going to ask unanimous consent  for was sent to the Senate on the suspension calendar with huge  bipartisan support in the House. And it is not the first time that has  happened; it has happened several times. But for some reason, when it  comes to the Senate, it goes to die, and I don't understand that.   In fact, I am going to spend a lot more time trying to understand it.  I am going to try to understand why the Chickasaw, the Choctaw, and the  Cherokee, the Eastern Band in my own State, oppose it. Some of them say  it is because of the integrity of the recognition process. I don't  believe that, but I am going to go into that discussion with them next  year with open eyes and open ears.   But I believe that there is something more sinister involved in their  objection to the Lumbee being recognized, and I promise the Lumbee  Tribe that every week that I am in the Senate, for as long as I am in  the Senate, we are going to cast light on what are the legitimate  objections to the Lumbee being recognized. It is time for them to be  recognized.   Tonight, through unanimous consent, we could send a bill to the  President's desk, and we would right a wrong that has existed for 130  years.   Now, I know there are objections on our side of the aisle. I also  understand that this was cleared by all the Democrats--no objections.  But I have six on this Senate side that I am going to have to work on,  and I have to do my homework. I expect that. I am not lazy. I will do  that. But I do want people to understand that this Tribe deserves  respect.   This is a Tribe that is just down the road from Fort Bragg. They  disproportionately serve in the Army in spite of the disrespect this  Nation has directed their way. For over a century, they have served  with valor, and they have served with honor. They are serving their  community. They are maintaining their heritage, and I believe the time  is now that they be recognized.   Now, if that doesn't happen tonight, I want the Lumbee people to know  that I am going to continue to fight for them in the same way that  Senator Burr has for almost 28 years.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 522, H.R. 2758. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, may I speak for a moment?    Madam President, I respect my colleague from Mississippi.  We do great work together. This is an area where we have to agree to  disagree.   But, again, I want the Choctaw, I want the Chickasaw, I want the  Cherokee, and I want every Tribe that has objected to this, while a  majority of Native American Tribes support it, to know that we are  going to have a lot of quality time together over the next 2 years.   