 Mr. President, I have just come back from a trip to  Ukraine with six of my colleagues, a bipartisan group organized very  ably by Senator Portman and Senator Shaheen, to express our solidarity  with the people of Ukraine in their fight for freedom and democracy  against Russian aggression.   They need us to stand with them as they stand strong for their  country's independence against Vladimir Putin's effort to intimidate  them, potentially to invade their country, but, assuredly, in a hybrid  war consisting of misinformation, cyber attack, and military action  that is designed very simply to destabilize, demoralize, and degrade  their country's governance.   And as we stood with them, meeting with the President, Mr. Zelensky,  and the top leadership, I couldn't help but think of this country and  how grateful we should be for our strength, our freedom, our democracy.   All of us, when we return from travel abroad, I think, express our  gratitude to be Americans, to live in a country where these freedoms  and our independence are assured but where we, too, need to be strong  and ever vigilant and vigorous in protecting those freedoms.   We are the greatest Nation in the history of the world, the strongest  and most freedom-loving on the planet. We are still an imperfect  nation, still struggling to do better and a work in progress, but we  are proud to confront our imperfection and move forward in a way that  demonstrates that we can broaden access to opportunity and to the right  of people to determine their own destiny.   No freedom or right is more important than the right to vote. That is  why we are here today and why I am so proud to have helped to lead the  John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act and to support the Freedom to  Vote Act, which are designed to safeguard Americans' right to vote and  secure the sanctity of our elections.   And, today, just as Ukraine faces a threat to its independence and  freedom, we too, in America, face a threat, not from Vladimir Putin  directly, although he has sought to destabilize and degrade our  democracy and continues to do so through cyber attacks and  misinformation. Certainly, 2016's interference in our elections is a  warning bell, an alarm, that we need to be stronger against foreign  interference.   But within, the threat is equally, if not more, alarming because what  we are seeing across this great country in State after State are  efforts to suppress the vote and restrict the franchise. Last year,  more than 440 restriction bills were introduced in 49 States, and 19 of  those States successfully enacted 34 laws that made it harder for  people to vote. These laws make mail-in voting and early voting more  difficult. They manipulate the boundaries of districts to reduce  minority representation and have led to a purge of 3.1 million voters  from the rolls in areas that were once covered by the Voting Rights Act  preclearance requirement. We are seeing a tidal wave of voter  suppression that continues even as we speak today on this floor.   The vote today comes in a week where we celebrate the legacy of  Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. For the first time in my memory, I  was out of the country on that day. But it was ever present in my mind  and heart, and it should animate us today, that memory and legacy which  were so powerfully expressed on August 6, 1965, when President Lyndon  Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law. He called it ``a triumph  for freedom as huge as any victory that has ever been won on any  battlefield''--a triumph for freedom.   And it followed a mere 7 months after Dr. King launched a Southern  Christian Leadership Conference campaign based in Selma, AL, with the  aim of supporting voting rights legislation. It was a great day for  America. It is one that has, rightly, received a paramount place in our  history. It is taught to our children.   The Voting Rights Act represents the best of America, and its  commitment to guaranteeing that members of every racial group would  have equal voting opportunities stands as one of the best days in this  country. But it was no layup for the civil rights movement. It  [[Page S254]]  culminated a hard-fought campaign, and it was a hard-won victory of  civil rights leaders like Dr. King and John Lewis, who committed  themselves--literally, committed their bodies, their physical well- being--to advance the rights of others in the face of violent  opposition. They were beaten, sometimes near death.   And, for decades, the Voting Rights Act remained a crucial bulwark.  It was retained and defended against insidious efforts to roll back the  clock until--until--the U.S. Supreme Court did that work for opponents.  In 2013, in Shelby County, the U.S. Supreme Court gutted the highly  effective preclearance regime, thereby jeopardizing the progress that  the Voting Rights Act made over the course of half a century in  protecting against those voter suppression efforts throughout the  country.    Justice Ginsburg said it best in her powerful dissent in Shelby  County when she wrote that Congress enacted the Voting Rights Act  preclearance requirement ``to cope with this vile infection'' of racial  discrimination which ``resembled battling the Hydra. Whenever one form  of voting discrimination was identified and prohibited, others sprang  up in its place.''   And the time to protect those voting rights is before they are  restricted, and that is why preclearance was so important and why the  John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act now must be enacted into law.   We come here after a year that has seen the most destructive  legislative session for voting rights in generations, with States and  localities returning to the ``conniving methods,'' as Dr. King called  them--``conniving methods'' of voter suppression that block people from  getting to the polls and making their votes count--and undermines our  democracy because, as the Founders sought to do, representative  government means representing the people who are affected by these  policies enacted by the Federal Government. And that means  representation that enables every person to vote and to have that vote  count.   There are no guarantees that rights will be protected in this  country. The fight for voting equality has faced continuous, often  violent resistance and enormous opposition, including from within this  Congress, and now by a rule, a filibuster that will prevent the  majority from protecting those rights.   The effort to change the filibuster is very simply an effort to  convert it from a secret to a public debate mechanism--secret to  public. We will vote tomorrow on a rules change that provides for a  means to make majority rule count--not to abolish the filibuster but to  make it public instead of secret.   As my distinguished colleague Senator Warnock posed the question in  this Chamber last month, we want it to be bipartisan but, as he said,  ``bipartisanship at whose expense?'' And as he also said, clearly in  this country, ``some people don't want some people to vote.'' And the  filibuster is a handy means of preventing reforms that secure the right  to vote.   Historic denials of individual basic liberties and political freedoms  have long garnered bipartisan support and have required courage and  conviction to overcome, and that is why we must change the rules  tomorrow.   Dr. King never quit. He never stopped fighting. As he said--I think I  am quoting him correctly--disappointment is finite, but hope is  infinite. And so, even if we are defeated tomorrow, we will continue  this effort to eliminate dark money, to provide for disclosure, to stop  State legislatures from eliminating districts in a way that knocks  Representatives out of their seats and results in gerrymandering that  is antidemocratic.   For decades, Members of this Chamber have deployed the filibuster to  delay and block legislation that would have promoted voting rights by  ending poll taxes and literacy tests, safeguarded against workplace  discrimination, and advanced civil rights in this country. The  filibuster has been used to block those kinds of efforts to promote  voting rights.   The longest filibusters in this Chamber's history were deployed to  stop the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and 1964, a testament to this tool's  history as a weapon against the advancement of civil rights. And Dr.  King himself lamented that ``tragedy [of] . . . a Senate that has a  minority of misguided Senators who will use this filibuster to keep the  majority of people from even voting.''   We cannot continue to allow these kinds of procedural tactics to  stand in the way of defending against a new era of hostility toward  voting rights of people in this country. We must protect the right to  vote. It should not be a partisan issue.   In fact, voting rights are widely supported throughout American  society. Those civil rights measures were supported by bipartisan  majorities in those years of 1957 and 1964 and in the renewal since  then. Photographs showing Members of both parties at bill signing  attest powerfully to the bipartisan support this cause has enjoyed  throughout its history.   Since the original inception of the Voting Rights Act in 1965,  overwhelming, bipartisan majorities of both Houses of Congress have  reauthorized the Voting Rights Act five times.   For nearly a century after the Civil War and before the Voting Rights  Act, the scourge of racial discrimination in voting challenged our  Nation's core commitment, our basic value as a country.   From that century of sacrificing and suffering, so embodied by Dr.  King, came the Voting Rights Act and its extraordinary commitment to  realizing our Nation's highest ideals, the best in America. For  decades, it worked. In one decision and its progeny, the U.S. Supreme  Court undercut and undermined those rights, and now we face this  tsunami of voter suppression bills crashing against America.   We must defend America. We must secure those rights and liberties,  just as we come to the aid of countries like Ukraine that resist attack  on their independence. We must renew our Nation's commitment to  protecting voting rights in this country. And tomorrow, we will do it.  Tomorrow, we will vote. Members will be held accountable. We will be on  record. And I hope my colleagues will do the right thing for America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   