 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana, the  Republican whip, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning  hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed, as  usual, until 6:30 p.m.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning  hour and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   Next week, the House will consider legislation to address inflation  and help bring down costs for Americans. The House will consider the  Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act from the Committee on Agriculture and the  Committee on Energy and Commerce to address food prices and help bring  down the cost of fertilizer for farmers while providing more affordable  options at the gas pump for Americans.   The House will also consider S. 3580, the Senate-passed companion to    John Garamendi's Ocean Shipping Reform Act, under suspension. We  passed it previously, and it is in the Senate. However, this is a  compromise with which Mr. Garamendi agrees. This legislation will  address continued supply chain problems and ensure the fair and  expeditious flow of goods in and out of our ports, helping lower costs  for American consumers and bolstering our domestic agriculture  products.   Additionally, Madam Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 2543, the  Racial Equity, Inclusion, and Economic Justice Act, from Chairwoman  Maxine Waters and the Financial Services Committee to promote racial  equity and fair access to economic opportunity for those who are facing  discrimination or bias. This will help families who are challenged in  accessing financial services and housing at a time when every dollar is  critical.   Finally, Madam Speaker, the House will also consider H.R. 2773,  Representative Debbie Dingell's bipartisan Recovering America's  Wildlife Act.   The House will consider other bills, Madam Speaker, under suspension  of the rules. A complete list of suspension bills will be announced by  the close of business tomorrow. Additional legislative items, of  course, are possible.   I thank the gentleman for yielding.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question. I  think it is a very relevant question. I am hopeful that we can move  that as early as possible.   I want to tell the gentleman the reason he thought that it might be  moved this morning was because last night, I thought I had, after  discussions with Senator Cornyn, a way forward that both the Senate and  the House could agree on. Unfortunately, this morning, that appeared  not to be the case.   We are trying to pursue that because we believe that it is a critical  piece of legislation, as are the pieces of legislation we are  considering.   I will tell the gentleman that the incident that occurred last night,  of course, was covered, as the gentleman, I am sure knows, by the  present security arrangements for Supreme Court Justices. The gentleman  was taken into custody and apparently didn't get close to the house  because of the security.   Nevertheless, we share the gentleman's concerns about the security  for our Supreme Court Justices and, frankly, their families, their  residences, as we are for the officers and clerks of the Supreme Court  and their families and their employees.   So, the answer to your question is that is a priority item that I  hope we can get done very early next week.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question. He  has mentioned this before. I am talking to the committee whose  jurisdiction this bill is in to consider what they want to do with it,  and I am waiting to hear back from them.   