 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Houston  (Mrs. Fletcher) for putting this together because this is hugely  important as we wind down Women's History Month.   I think about my first term here in Congress, and previous to serving  in Congress I was in the State legislature. The Republicans in the  Texas State legislature were always trying to tear down women's  reproductive rights. It seemed like there was just an endless supply of  bills that they had aimed at stripping away freedom from women across  our State.   I was giving a speech out on the triangle and momentarily thought  that I was back in Austin and accidentally referred to myself as State  Representative Marc Veasey, just because when you think about D.C. and  the various States that are here, you think about people being able to  celebrate those sorts of freedoms.   We are fighting that battle not just in Austin but in D.C. and other  States around the country. But today we are here to focus on Texas.  Again, I just want to thank Lizzie Fletcher and the other women that  are a part of the Texas delegation.   Madam Speaker, I also want to thank the female State representatives  in the State of Texas that really have just fought fearlessly on this  issue for so long now. This past regular legislative session so many of  the women in the north Texas delegation, where I am from, were very  poignant in making so many points about how S.B. 8, a sweeping anti- abortion law, was going to disproportionately impact low-income and  women of color and minority communities.   Imagine just barely being able to get by; you may be on SNAP; you may  be a single mother; you may find yourself trapped in a low-income job  and trying to accumulate enough money to be  [[Page H3966]]  able to travel across State lines. You could have these services and  get them done safely. It is sad to see us go back in time to where  women were not able to have these services done safely. That is  something that we have to continue to fight against, and that is why-- whatever it takes--we need to make sure that this bill one day is  reversed.   Passing the Women's Health Protection Act would codify Roe v. Wade  and ensure that people can have the freedom to make personal decisions.  I think that is something that everybody--regardless if you are  Democrat, Republican or Independent, whatever you may happen to be--you  ought to have the choice to make personal decisions. It used to be  something that Republicans used to value, and it is sad to see them  backslide so much in this area.   We need to make sure that we protect equal access to abortion care  everywhere because it is essential to social and economic  participation, reproductive autonomy, and the right for people to  determine their own lives.   One of the things that really doesn't get talked a lot about on this  issue is just really the number of Republicans that are against any  sort of birth control. I see them, they come to my town hall meetings.  They don't like to talk about it because they know that most people  overwhelmingly, Democrats and Republicans, are for birth control. You  hear them, they come and they say, no, no, no, birth control is wrong.   We had a lawsuit filed in Fort Worth in Federal Court to try to stop  people from being able to get birth control. People need to understand  that this is a larger battle. Right now it is abortion access, but  believe me, Republicans have their sights set on people not being able  to have basic birth control, just basic contraceptions, and they are  trying to make that harder and harder for people to get a hold of. It  is a slippery slope.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Houston, Lizzie  Fletcher, for leading this hour because it is hugely important.   