 Mr. President, a few days ago or a few weeks--about 2  weeks ago, I was surprised to read in an article that, as part of the  American Rescue Plan, there was this $30-million program that would be  sending drug paraphernalia to people suffering from addiction in this  country.   And so I said something about it, and the administration came out and  said that is not true. We are not going to use it for that. We are not  going to be sending out crack pipes or meth pipes to anybody. In fact,  they even wrote a letter to a fellow Senator here in that regard.   So then I said, well, since--let's just make sure. Right? Like, let's  just file a bill language that just makes it clear that we are not  going to be sending drug paraphernalia like a pipe or things that work  with a pipe, that taxpayers aren't going to be paying for that.   And lo and behold, I was surprised by the response. And now, when you  read more carefully the letter that they wrote to Senator Blackburn,  you see exactly what the problem is here.   They don't plan on sending crack pipes or meth pipes to anybody. What  they plan on sending is what they call a mouthpiece. And a mouthpiece  isn't what you think. It is not like some flat thing that you put in  your mouth. No, the mouthpiece is basically the cylindrical tube-- straw-looking thing--that you attach to the crack pipe. So the pipe  will have to be shared by the addicts, but they are each going to have  their own little tube that they can attach to smoke it.   Well, I just don't think the Federal Government should be paying for  that to send that to people. I think, frankly, this is insane. I think  most people would agree, and I think most people would be surprised.   And the things you discover when you actually file these things and  work on it--because we came up with language. We said: OK. Here is the  bill, and here is what we want to do. And they came back and said: We  will not agree to it if it includes that device that attaches to it.   So, apparently, they don't want to send out crack pipes, but they do  want to send out the tubes that attach to the crack pipes so that those  who are addicted to crack or any of these other drugs--illicit drugs  that you can smoke can be consumed safely somehow, as if there is any  safe way to smoke meth or crack, which there isn't.   And so what I have come here to do today is very simple: I want this  bill to pass. I don't know why anyone could possibly object to it  unless you believe that you should be sending out cylindrical tubing  which attaches to a crack pipe to smoke and that can be removed to  allow multiple people to use the same pipe.   And that is the loophole that they want. That is what they want me to  change this bill to allow them to send out. And I think that is nuts,  guys. I don't know how else to describe it. There is no, like, fancy  word for it. It is crazy. This is insane. This is the kind of insanity  that people read about and say: This can't be true. It is true. It is  actually worse than I thought.   And so that is why I am hoping we can pass this today. Apparently,  there will be an objection.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further consideration  of S. 3632 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.  I further ask that the Rubio substitute amendment at the desk be  considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, couple things. To be clear, I am not  slowing down the continuing resolution. This is my bill. It has got  nothing to do with the continuing resolution.   The reason why we are not voting on the continuing resolution is  because there is a bunch of people missing; there are not enough people  here yet to vote for it. That is why it is being slowed down. So I took  this opportunity to offer my bill.   And I would just say, my observation would be that Vladimir Putin is  probably--if he is even paying attention--I don't know what time it is.  He probably has his hands full with his plans to invade and conquer  parts of Ukraine--I think he would be wondering why would I be scared  of a country who is going to send out cylindrical tubing to people  addicted to crack and meth, because I think he probably thinks it is  crazy too, as crazy as he is.   So, again, my bill goes--I get it. They are not going to send out  pipes. That doesn't make me feel better because they are going to send  out--with the money of the American taxpayer, they are going to send  out cylindrical tubing which is attached to a crack pipe and can be  removed so each and every one of the people using that pipe--multiple  people can use the pipe but use a different cylindrical tube to attach  to it. And I just don't think the American people should be paying for  that, and that is what HHS has basically admitted they want to do with  this money. And I didn't think this was going to be controversial, but  apparently it is because there has been an objection, so here we are.   