 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman and  shipmate from Indiana for this evening's Special Order.   Madam Speaker, we the people really aren't asking much of our elected  officials. Above all things, we just want them to do what is right for  our country and be on the side of Americans. This isn't a party thing.  This isn't a Republican versus Democrat thing. Regardless of party  affiliation, we just want them to do what is right for the country.   The current Presidential administration and its policies have failed  us in this regard and in a frighteningly short period of time. In just  1 year, this administration and its policies have eroded America's  status as the lone, premier superpower; eroded our energy independence,  making us once again beholden to OPEC, literally begging Middle Eastern  nations to provide us with more oil; eroded an economy that was  thriving before COVID and beginning to recover in the midst of COVID,  and now, we are experiencing inflation that we haven't seen in 40  years; eroded our Nation's security, tucking tail against a group of  savages and terrorists in Afghanistan after 20 years of fighting for  the right reasons.   After almost 2 years of no American deaths in Afghanistan and  relative stability in a country that was formerly a breeding ground for  terrorists, this administration set an arbitrary exit date and backed  that date up with absolutely no plan. This admin stranded hundreds of  Americans in Afghanistan and left our allies high and dry. The ad hoc  and sloppy withdrawal led to the death of these 13 precious American  servicemembers--absolutely avoidable and absolutely the fault of this  administration.   We are really not asking for much from our elected officials. We the  people just want this administration to stop giving hope to the bad  guys and to start taking care of our Nation, our workers, our jobs, the  small business owners, our children and their education, and to allow  parents the right to understand what our children are being taught in  school, the right to make school choices for our children.   We are asking that the administration stop calling parents terrorists  and start preventing actual terrorists from infiltrating our country.  We are asking for secure borders, so we don't see 175,000 human beings  come across our border and into our Nation each month without any  accountability.   If you care about the Dreamers, if you care about the potential DACA  recipients, like many of us do, then you must first end this man-made  border crisis.   We are really not asking for much. We just want someone to stand up  and fight against this ridiculous defund the police movement and make  our streets safe again.   We don't want the cost of goods and supply chain issues to overcome  our income. We are asking simply that we fairly value the time, the  skills, and the experience of our workers so that when they work harder  and provide quality service, they make more money and keep more money.  We don't want higher taxes only to see the government at all levels  squander our hard-earned money.   Madam Speaker, above all things, we just want the President to be on  our side and to have the backbone to stand up for the good guys. We are  not asking for much. We just want this administration to stop giving  hope to the bad guys.   