 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge the defeat of the  previous question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 6592, the  Immigration Transparency and Transit Notification Act of 2022.   The crisis at our southern border is a threat to our national  security, public safety, and public health. While this administration  continues to tell the American people that all is well, fentanyl, the  number one killer of young people in America, has flooded across the  border at record rates; drug smugglers and human traffickers are  thriving; and the migrants themselves are facing dire conditions all  because President Biden told them it was okay to come here illegally.   Since Joe Biden took office, over 1 million undocumented immigrants  have been allowed to resettle here. Long before border State Governors  started busing migrants to sanctuary cities so they might share the  burden of this crisis, President Biden was putting them on flights and  buses in the dead of night and sending them to communities far north of  the border without a warning to the people who live there or the  officials who would become responsible for them.   The New York Post first exposed secret, dead-of-the-night flights of  migrants into Westchester, New York, last year. But to date, the  administration has refused all requests for transparency and  accountability regarding these resettlements, this despite multiple  letters from myself and other Members of Congress requesting that they  stop these covert flights and provide information to Congress and local  officials about who these migrants are and what vetting they received  before being dropped off in our communities.   H.R. 6592 would require officials to be notified before undocumented  immigrants may be placed in their jurisdiction and would provide  Governors with the authority to refuse placement.   We cannot continue to turn a blind eye to the border crisis or the  strain that these relocations are placing on communities across the  country.   Madam Speaker, I urge this body to act and immediately consider H.R.  6592 to require transparency and accountability of the administration  for the relocation of undocumented immigrants throughout the United  States and put the power to oversee these relocations in the hands of  people in these communities which are most affected by it.   