 Mr. President, what defines an American soldier? Is it  courage under fire? Is it physical strength? Is it the great victories  on the battlefield? No. I think it is something else. Above all, it is  sacrifice. It is the selflessness to surrender one's life so that a set  of values will endure not only for the living but for generations to  come. It is the faith that the future of this great Nation is more  important than the life of any one of its citizens; that the cause of  liberty is greater than any individual.   Be that as it may, every fallen hero must be remembered. Every  individual who makes the ultimate sacrifice must be honored. That is  why, in the spring every year, we decorate their graves with flowers  and the flag they fought for. Those headstones made of marble or  granite are often indistinguishable from a distance. Fittingly, their  sacrifice was the same no matter how fabled or forgotten the battle, no  matter in victory or defeat; and though we rightly revere our glorious  triumphs--the trenches of Yorktown, the hills of Gettysburg, the fields  of the Marne, the beaches of Normandy--it is often in America's darkest  hours, in the face of great disaster, when we see the virtues of  America's warriors most clearly.   So it was with SGT Charles Garrigus, a farm boy from the town of  Francisco in Southern Indiana.   In growing up during the Depression, he developed a passion and skill  for motors, of driving trucks and tractors across the Hoosier  countryside. It was why he was drawn to the U.S. Army; why, after his  discharge at the end of World War II, he reenlisted, serving as a motor  pool sergeant in Japan. Sergeant Garrigus was scheduled to return to  Indiana on June 26, 1950. One day before that, on the 25th, the Korean  war began, and so he again answered the call.   After the initial setbacks, with the North Korean People's Army  pushing U.S. forces south, by the end of the summer, the North Koreans  were in retreat, and Americans were advancing north, up the peninsula.  The end of the war was in sight.   GEN Douglas MacArthur divided his forces. The Eighth Army went from  Seoul to Pyongyang. From there, it would link with Ten Corps. Sergeant  Garrigus's force, the 7th Army Division, 32nd Regiment, was assigned to  guard the Ten Corps' flank. Once connected, they would march toward the  Chinese frontier, reunite Korea, and end the war. The soldiers might be  home for Christmas.   Then came the Battle of Chosin Reservoir, where 100,000 Chinese  soldiers attacked. The Americans, isolated and spread out across the  Chosin Reservoir, were surrounded; they were trapped. It was an  unmitigated disaster--one of the worst in the history of America's  military. The fighting continued for two more nights before Sergeant  Garrigus's regiment consolidated with another larger unit, led by COL  Allan MacLean.   On the morning of the 29th, their 60-vehicle convoy made its way to  MacLean's perimeter. The Chinese fire was so heavy, though, that two  trucks filled with supplies were left on the opposite of the bridge  leading to MacLean's men. When Sergeant Garrigus looked across that  bridge and saw Chinese soldiers approaching the vehicles, he dashed, on  foot, across the bridge, reached the first van, and drove it back  across the ice-covered bridge. Then he got out, ran back across the  bridge again, jumped in the second truck, and drove that one across  American lines too. Just as he made it over, the engine stalled out,  but his fellow soldiers roared. It was a shot of hope in a desperate  hour.   After 80 hours of attacks, the situation had grown so dire that, on  the morning of the 30th, the Americans determined to break out and  drive over mountain roads to the safety of the Marine base at Hagaru- ri, at the southern end of the reservoir. They loaded what rations and  supplies they had left, along with the wounded, into 35 trucks and  jeeps, and prepared to set out across the narrow mountain roads that  led to the marines.    Before they departed, Chinese forces commandeered the Americans'  defensive machinegun posts. Sergeant Garrigus rallied several other  soldiers; fought off the Chinese; and retook the weapons, turning them  on the enemy, freeing up the column of vehicles to depart. The way was  treacherous, along rutted, ice-covered roads. The formation was  disorganized, scattered by steady Chinese gunfire.   With Sergeant Garrigus at its head, the convoy finally drew near the  Marine base at Hagaru-ri. What was once a 35-vehicle convoy was now 15.  The trucks and jeeps were full of bullet holes, but the final run was  at hand. With mortar blasts exploding along its sides, Sergeant  Garrigus guided the convoy forward. Hagaru-ri was 5 miles away, just in  reach. Then a tremendous blast of machineguns erupted. The lead vehicle  veered off the road and smashed into a ditch. Sergeant Garrigus lay  dead behind the wheel. The entire convoy ground to a halt. The  surviving soldiers were at the mercy of the Chinese.   SGT Charles Garrigus never returned home to Indiana. His name is  among  [[Page S2641]]  the missing--the ones who answered their country's call and never came  home. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his service  and sacrifice.   Though his mission was doomed, his death was not in vain. The  fighting at Chosin Reservoir distracted the Chinese Army long enough to  allow the Army to successfully withdraw south--the longest withdrawal  in American history. He and his brothers in arms fought like hell,  through hell. Their chances of victory, of even survival, were remote.  But they didn't fight for themselves. They fought for their countrymen,  living and generations away, for the ideal of self-government.   On Memorial Day, we honor all those who have died in service to  America in defense of that ideal. Let us not mistake the stillness of  the patriot graves with silence, though. The rows of headstones speak  to us of sacrifice for the common good. They remind us of the price at  which our freedom was won, of the too often smallness of our divisions,  of the many reasons for faith in our fellow Americans no matter how  strained our bonds may be, of the blessings we share even if they are  obscure, and of our ability to pass through any trial no matter how  daunting.   When we listen to them, I believe we will lift our heads from today's  anxieties and face the future optimistically. As the story of Sergeant  Garrigus shows, we Americans have refused to let far greater obstacles  deter us or accepted that more difficult problems can't be solved.   Months after his death, at the Chosin Reservoir, Sergeant Garrigus's  parents received a note of condolence from GEN Douglas MacArthur. In  it, he hoped that the loss of their son in the defense of this country  offered ``some measure of comfort.'' The letter also spoke of the  sergeant's ``devotion to duty at the cost of all he held dear.''   Eloquent words or well-meaning gestures on Memorial Day or any day  have small power to comfort those left behind, but we can take more  than a measure of comfort and should be eternally grateful that, from  our founding until today, there have always been Americans willing to  keep us safe and free at the cost of all they hold dear.   May God bless them and keep them in His arms.   I yield the floor.   