 Mr. President, charter schools have seen explosive growth  since they first came onto the scene in 1992 as a model for education.  In 1993, there were just 23 charter schools in the United States,  serving a little over 6,000 students. Today, there are over 7,000  charter schools and counting, serving more than 3 million American  students. It is not difficult to understand their increasing  popularity. They offer an affordable alternative to parents and  students who want more options. More options increase competition, and  more options improve the quality of the traditional public education  system.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration's new rule threatens to  stifle their progress by imposing stringent, onerous, burdensome new  requirements on charter schools, specifically those that receive grants  under the Federal Charter Schools Program, or CSP. This is a terrible  idea.   The CSP was established to provide grants to eligible charter schools  to help ensure that all children have access to quality education  regardless of their ZIP Code. The administration's new rules would  stifle this proven, emerging, and burgeoning model, one that serves  millions of the most vulnerable students in our traditional public  school system. It would require CSP grantees to hold hearings--to hold  hearings--specifically to prove that the presence of the school in  question does not or would not contribute to increased racial  segregation. This would impose a deliberately costly and inherently  unfairly accusatory burden on charter schools and would disincentivize  new schools from opening. This, I fear, is precisely the point. That is  a feature, not a bug, in this program.   Look, everyone can agree that we want our children to have access to  quality education. The President's rule is antithetical to that very  mission. The rule treats charter schools as if they have done something  wrong, as if they are guilty somehow of racial segregation until they  prove themselves innocent. The accusation of racial segregation is  particularly egregious here because CSP schools are required to admit  students through a lottery system if there are more interested students  than there are available slots at the school. Clearly, this isn't an  observation of reality but an injection of woke politics into an issue  as fundamental as the education of America's schoolchildren.   Most charter schools are doing their best to provide quality  education to all students, regardless of race or ethnicity. Punishing  them for behavior that they don't engage in simply isn't fair. It is  not right.   These regulations would also require the Secretary to examine whether  a charter school is ``needed.'' Maybe I am old-fashioned, but I tend to  think that parents--and certainly not the U.S. Secretary of Education-- should be the ones deciding the necessity of such schools.   You know, we have seen this in other areas, other sectors of our  economy. There are special interests that tend to stifle competition by  pushing for regulations requiring new market entrants to demonstrate  that they meet a need, to demonstrate that their facility of one sort  or another, a hospital or otherwise, is ``needed.''   I fear this requirement would do the same, and I fear this  requirement has as its object the same thing as those other  requirements in other industries: stifling competition, erecting  barriers to entry, squelching competition. This is not OK. I don't  think it is OK in any industry. It is certainly not OK where the  victims are innocent schoolchildren who just need to learn, who need to  be taught, need to go to school somewhere, and ought to be able to go  to school with some options that their parents can have a role in  choosing.   Proponents of these rules argue that the regulations are necessary  because charter schools are more likely to close than traditional  public schools. They rightly argue that such closures can be disruptive  to students' education. In reply, I first note that CSP schools are  less likely to experience closure than other charter schools, but I  would also note here that school closures also show why charter schools  are so valuable.   Unlike traditional public schools, where students in failing schools  can go for 13 consecutive years without any other option, charter  schools are subject to greater accountability. That is the power of  choice.  [[Page S7117]]    Mr. President, we shouldn't subject new charter schools to onerous  requirements. We should not set up rules purely to protect the  interests of teachers unions--the very same teachers unions that also  pushed to close schools, that resisted reopening those schools and  repeatedly placed their interests above those of parents and students.   The President's rule would only lead to fewer educational  opportunities for America's schoolchildren.   While accountability for any government-funded enterprise is  undoubtedly important, these rules go far beyond mere accountability.  In fact, they are not about accountability; they are about something  else, something far less credible, far less defensible than  accountability. This is about squelching competition and protecting  teachers unions from competition, and that is wrong.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided rule, this misguided  effort, and to protect parent choice, ensuring that all children have  access to quality education regardless of their ZIP Code.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this Friday at midnight, the government will  run out of funding. That leaves us with just a few options.   One, we could pass the massive, yet-to-be-drafted, Pelosi-Schumer  omnibus spending package, leaving the outgoing Democratic House  majority in charge of drafting the bill to fund the Federal Government  for the balance of fiscal year 2023, despite the fact that voters sent  a clear message this November disapproving of the fiscal direction of  our Federal Government.   Two, we could, yet again, pass another short-term stopgap measure  that just kicks the can down the road for one more week to allow more  backroom negotiations to take place, in secret. To be clear, this  accomplishes nothing. It is simply a way to whip up support for another  inflated spending package.   So when I say it accomplishes nothing, that is not really true. It is  very effective at doing some things.   It marshals very effectively the angst of hundreds of millions of  Americans who don't want a government shutdown. A lot of these people  depend on the Federal Government remaining open to process--whether it  is the paychecks for soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines, or others  who have contract with the government or receive payments from the  government of one sort or another or otherwise impacted by the Federal  Government's inability to operate during a shutdown. They all have  something to worry about. They all have reasons to fear a shutdown. And  those anxieties end up being transferred onto their elected  representatives in the House of Representatives and in the Senate who  in turn fear a shutdown for the same reasons and feel the collective  weight of those concerns bearing down on them.   But there is a dual threat that takes place here. You see, those who  may be coming to the Senate floor in the next day or two to propose  exactly this, option 2--that is, to just kick the can down the road for  another week, for another 1-week spending measure--will be coming down  here, predictably, foreseeably, in the name of avoiding a shutdown.   But make no mistake, when saying that they want to delay spending,  they want to delay any shutdown by another week, they are not really  saying we don't want the threat of a shutdown. They are saying we want  to move the threat of a shutdown, the possibility of a shutdown, closer  to Christmas.   Why Christmas? Well, that is when the anxiety of the American people  and  [[Page S7124]]  their elected representatives in Congress are at their maximum. That is  where we all feel it the most. We all feel the pressure to get  something done the most. And that is also where Members of Congress,  being human, understandably, want to be able to get home in time for  Christmas, to spend the Christmas holidays with their families.   And it is this dual threat that very often, year after year, is used  to persuade Members of Congress to vote for a spending bill that spends  too much money and that does so through a mechanism that they have had  no part in; that they have been excluded from; that they would never  vote for in the absence of this dual threat of a shutdown at  Christmastime.   No, this isn't right. When we do that to the American people, what  you are really doing is cutting them out of the process. When you cut  the people's elected representatives in Congress who have been elected  by the American people to take care of these things for them so that  they don't have to worry about it and then you tell them we are not  going to give those you elect any opportunity to have meaningful input  into a spending bill which we are going to present to them at  Christmastime in order to force a nonexistent consensus behind  something they know they shouldn't vote for, that is wrong. It has gone  on over and over again, and it has to stop. It must stop now. So that  is option 2--suboptimal, to say the least.   Option 3. We could do the right thing, and we could pass a continuing  resolution that keeps the government funded, maintaining current  spending levels until after we have sworn in the new Congress,  including the Republican House majority, early next year.   It is only this latter option--only the third option--that makes any  sense at all. And it is only this third option that is fair to voters.  You see, for the last 2 years, we have seen unprecedented inflation  driven by reckless government spending, and we have seen that moving  forward in a way that has crushed American families. Our national debt  has grown during those 2 years by about $4 trillion, reaching an  astronomical $31 trillion--a figure that we just reached within the  last few days.   In Utah, inflation costs the average household a thousand dollars a  month every single month, relative to the day that Joe Biden took  office. They are not, for the most part, people who just have an extra  thousand dollars to burn, nor is the extra thousand dollars a month  going toward luxury items. No, it is just groceries, housing, gasoline,  healthcare--the basic things that the American people need in order to  live.   Simply put, the American people can't afford the policies of the last  few years. They certainly can't afford the kinds of spending bills that  get passed when we use this dual threat of the shutdown threatened at  Christmastime under an artificially imposed deadline.   Unsurprisingly, American voters cast their votes and in so doing  signaled that they want the government to go in a new direction. After  listening to an exhaustive list of excuses from the Biden  administration, blaming inflation on everything from the pandemic to  Putin, the American people saw through the smoke and mirrors. They  voted for accountability and made it clear that they expect their  elected representatives to be responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars.   Unfortunately, if this body just goes right ahead and passes another  omnibus spending bill, a bill that we know is coming, a bill that we  know is going to be thousands of pages long, a bill that we know that  we will receive, at the most, maybe a day or two before we are expected  to vote on it, with no intervening committee debate or discussion or  opportunity for amendment--this body, if it chooses to enact such  legislation, will be ignoring those legitimate desires on the part of  the voters.   We are witnessing a conspicuous recurring trend, whereby leaders use  the threat of a government shutdown to pressure Members into voting for  inflated spending provisions without even time to read the bill, much  less without giving them any time to consult with those they represent  about how they feel about that spending and those policies.   So does this tactic remind you of anything? Well, it should. How  about Speaker Pelosi's now infamous statement about ObamaCare when she  said: You know, we have to pass the bill in order to find out what is  in it. We all know how that turned out--not well.    Like ObamaCare, the resulting omnibus legislation that results from  that kind of attitude, that kind of dismissive approach--dismissive not  just to individual Members but of those whom they represent--always  contains ideologically driven provisions, utterly unrelated to the  budget, many of which could never pass if they had to withstand the  light of day if they had to be voted on of their own merit.   We cannot, we must not, we should never use the threat of a  government shutdown to force through policy changes that could never  survive a vote on their own merit.   I believe we should pass--we must pass--a clean continuing  resolution, one that will take us into the next Congress. Failure to do  so will lock the remainder of this fiscal year into a pattern in which  liberal policies and an inflationary spending agenda, crammed through  by unaccountable Members of Congress, many of whom have just lost  reelection or didn't seek it--all those things will descend upon the  American people in a most unfavorable and unwelcomed way. We can't let  that happen. I don't want to be any part of that. I don't think most of  our colleagues on either side of the aisle do.   Not only would it be poor form and unwise and inconsiderate and  really unkind for Congress to pass a massive spending bill, but it  would also be without precedent in modern U.S. history.   You know, since 1954, the party in control of the House of  Representatives has shifted from one party to another a total of just  five times since 1954. In exactly zero of those instances did Congress  go back after that election and during a lameduck session enact  sweeping, comprehensive spending legislation. Not one instance since  1954 has that happened. Not once has there been an instance where  Congress did that before a newly elected House majority could be sworn  in.   We can pass a continuing resolution that doesn't include any of the  new partisan agenda items that either side has proposed. It would keep  the government running until the new Congress can develop a full-year  discretionary budget--one that is agreeable to both sides or at least  has been adequately vetted on both sides and with our constituents,  with input from Members of both political parties and both Chambers of  Congress.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this short-term  continuing resolution that maintains current spending levels until the  new Congress takes office. Doing so will ensure that we listen to the  people's voices and that the incoming House majority has the  opportunity to make the spending decisions that are in the best  interests of the American people. We owe them nothing less.   Mr. President, to that end, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 5244, which is at the desk; I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Wisconsin.    Mr. President, in closing this discussion, I just want to  respond to a couple of points made by my friend and colleague, the  distinguished Senator from Vermont.   Senator Leahy is someone I have really enjoyed working with  throughout my 12 years in the Senate, and I will miss him when he is  gone.   I respectfully but very strongly disagree with his decision to object  to this commonsense approach toward avoiding a government shutdown, and  I want to make clear just a few things.   No. 1, this continuing resolution is not preclusive of anything else  he may want to do. It doesn't preclude anyone from still working to  pass an omnibus. It, rather, provides a safety net so that Congress  doesn't produce a government shutdown and, just as importantly, so that  Members don't feel coerced into this dual threat of having to navigate  between the Scylla of a threatened shutdown and the Charybdis of people  having to cancel their holiday plans with their families. That is what  we are trying to avoid. So it is a false choice to say that this  doesn't allow for anything else. That is just not true.   Now, I disagree with him about his desire to pass an omnibus because  that omnibus doesn't yet exist. There still isn't an agreement on it.  The bill has yet to exist and has yet to see the light of day, not only  to the public but to all but four Members of the United States  Congress. That is what I object to.   But make no mistake: What we are proposing today, what we are  reasonably suggesting today, would not preclude a subsequent omnibus;  it would just take away the shutdown threat--which is exactly my point,  which is exactly my concern. When we do this sort of thing--without  speaking to anyone's subjective motives; I can't read other people's  minds, but I do know that this pattern has been used before. It is a  tried-and-true process by which people convince their colleagues to  vote for things they would never otherwise vote for because, typically,  we don't like to vote on things that we haven't seen and spend  trillions of dollars.   My colleague from Vermont also refers to the fact that he has had  lengthy conversations with a number of colleagues coming to him with  their concerns. That is great. I appreciate that. That is a very  appropriate thing for any Senator to do, particularly the chairman of  the Appropriations Committee. As great as that is, that isn't  legislating. That doesn't substitute for actual floor debate, and it  sure as heck doesn't substitute for transparency and accountability,  allowing the American people to see what they are going to be spending  their money on.   We are going to get, in a matter of days, probably in about a week-- usually, they don't give us more time than that--a bill. It will be  2,000 or 3,000 pages long, and it will spend probably 1.6 or $1.7  trillion.   And the American people understand that 2,000 or 3,000 pages of  appropriations legislative text does not read like a fast-paced novel.  Nobody is going to have a chance to review this, and that is the  problem. So the fact that he is meeting with individual Members,  hearing their concerns, and talking about possible tradeoffs--that is  great, but it doesn't provide what the American people need.   Next, he appeals to the sense of the good things that will be in the  bill, talking about the need to fund efforts to combat opioid abuse and  addiction and the need to fund law enforcement--great things, great  things--but we haven't seen the legislative text, and the fact that  there may be good things in the bill funding good causes that would  benefit good, deserving beneficiaries doesn't mean that the bill as a  whole makes any sense.   He also says, with some defiance and indignation, that he is not  going to settle for another short-term CR, that short-term CRs are a  bad way of doing things, and he is not OK with a short-term CR.   It is a good point. I am not either. I don't like them. It is a  default.   But we have been on a short-term CR since September 30. That is 2\1/ 2\ months. So I don't comprehend exactly where he would draw the line  between a short-term CR that is acceptable and one that isn't. So 2\1/ 2\ months is just fine but a few more weeks isn't?   I suspect it is going to be fine when somebody comes to the floor and  asks for a 1-week, short-term CR--a 1-week, short-term spending bill.   That is wrong. Why? Because it moves the threat of a shutdown that  much closer to Christmas when Members most want to get out of town and  when the American people and those they elect to represent them here  are most concerned about a shutdown.   That is coercive. That isn't trying to avoid a shutdown. No. That is  playing with fire. That is presenting as a feature, not a bug, the risk  of a shutdown. It is wrong, and it has to stop.   Look, the objective today--I hope he will reconsider. This isn't  right. We know it isn't right. Those who elected us, whether we are  Republicans or Democrats deserve better. They don't deserve this.   