 Reserving the right to object, Madam President.    Madam President, I just went over to our colleague from  Kansas and told him that I would much rather be on the floor this  afternoon working in a bipartisan way on something like this, and I  hope that can be part of Senate proceedings in the future.   Here is what I think is important for the public to know about this  proposal. It is that in the real world, the Marshall proposal is a  prescription for less flexibility and more redtape in American  healthcare. I want to be very specific.   Every Member of this body understands that America has a serious  shortage of nurses and healthcare providers. Every single time we go  home--I am sure this is the case for our colleague from Kansas, who is  a physician. He hears from physicians and providers. Every time we are  home, we hear from healthcare providers. I see the Presiding Officer of  the Senate has been a very strong advocate for healthcare improvement  for patients and providers. Every time we are home, we hear about the  need for more healthcare providers.   Right now, there are requirements in Medicare for a lengthy process  that must be completed before it is possible to hire healthcare  providers to serve Medicare patients. If the Marshall proposal goes  into effect as written, Health and Human Services could not waive this  complicated process to take care of patients. So that would leave our  country short of healthcare providers when there is an acute, even more  serious need for them.   I am just going to close with this because we are all hoping to be  home over the next week or so. When I am home, I always do these open- to-all townhall meetings. I go to every one of my counties every year.  I have had more than 1,020 of them--open to all, ask whatever you want.  I have never had a constituent at home, an Oregonian, say: Ron, what we  need is more complicated processes and redtape in American healthcare.  Usually, they are talking to us about waiving things.   For those reasons, Madam President, I object.   