 Mr. President, I, of course, associate with every word  Senator Hoeven said. I think it is fortuitous we are joined in the  Chamber today by the next speaker who came here to talk about something  altogether different, but Senator Wicker knew our attorney general,  Wayne Stenehjem, maybe longer than I did, actually.   As Senator Hoeven said, a couple of weeks ago, the good people of  North Dakota lost a really good friend. We said goodbye to one of our  State's most dedicated and beloved public servants. Attorney General  Wayne Stenehjem died unexpectedly and suddenly on January 28, just 1  month after announcing his intention to not seek reelection and retire  at the end of this year.   Wayne was, as John said, North Dakota's longest serving attorney  general, having been in office since 2001. Prior to this, he was in the  State legislature, winning his first election while at the University  of North Dakota--a law student at the age of 22 and continuing his  service in the legislature for 24 more years.   He gave 46 years of continuous service to the people of North Dakota,  and we are just now beginning to comprehend the impact of the  significance of all that he did for our State and during those  important years.   I first became acquainted with Wayne when he was serving as a State  senator, and I was a desk page in the legislature. Our friendship and  political collaborations continued during the years as I worked for the  North Dakota Republican Party and later held State-appointed and  elected offices. In the 9 years I have been in Congress, Wayne has been  a valued friend, a trusted advisor, and an invaluable champion of  States' rights and the U.S. Constitution.   His work representing North Dakota in State and Federal courts and as  a member of the State Industrial Commission was monumental. It  positioned our State to be an energy powerhouse and, at the same time,  an unwavering steward of our environment. Among the most notable  Federal issues that Wayne championed for our State was objecting to the  onerous Waters of the United States regulations proposed by the Obama  administration. Wayne skillfully led a coalition of 13 States in  opposition, resulting in a nationwide stay of that rule. He was also  instrumental in procuring a historic stay of the Clean Power Plan from  the U.S. Supreme Court. In both cases, he skillfully underscored the  rights and the responsibilities of States, while drawing a blueprint  for cooperative federalism in environmental policy.    Wayne's servant leadership over the past four decades was woven into  countless battles, triumphs, and solutions. An ardent supporter of open  records and meetings laws and transparency in government, every public  group, including Governor Hoeven, Public Service Commissioner Cramer,  and anybody in government understood that regardless of the size or the  importance of your commission or your committee, we all felt Wayne's  scrutiny on behalf of transparency for the people.   He developed innovative ways to crack down on illegal meth production  and to better control the opioid epidemic. Human trafficking and  domestic abuse issues were also always--always--on the top of his  priority list and on his radar. He was a fierce advocate and supporter  of law enforcement, the brave men and women who protect the safety of  our communities. They all knew that Wayne had their backs.   His work was impressive. Yet Wayne was not a grandstander. He worked  quietly and had much more respect for good outcomes than for personal  gain and benefit. Wayne smiled all the time. He literally smiled all  the time. And on the very rare occasion he didn't, you were probably in  trouble, and you probably deserved it, but it was rare. He was a fun- loving person. He knew what to take seriously and what to enjoy. His  balance of life is really what I think endeared him to so many people.   Wayne was the same person last month that he was in college, which is  his greatest testament, I think, to public service. When you accomplish  as much as Wayne did and reach the pinnacle of service as he did and he  was the same guy who represented the University of North Dakota in the  State legislature 46 years ago, that says it all about his character  and about Wayne's stature.   Recognized among the very elite attorneys general in the country, the  Nation's 36 current and former attorneys general who attended his  funeral in Bismarck, speaks volumes about the high regard to which he  was held by his peers.   North Dakota and our Nation have lost a true patriot, and Wayne  Stenehjem left an incredible legacy we can all celebrate. He dedicated  his life to public service in our State, and our State is a much, much  better place because of him. Thousands of people knew Wayne. Thousands  more--and really millions--were impacted by Wayne's good work,  particularly in the attorney general's office.   In the context of eternity, our life is but a snap of a finger, but  in the context of history, Wayne Stenehjem's contributions are massive  and longstanding.   On behalf of all North Dakotans, Kris and I send heartfelt sympathy  to his wife Beth; his son Andrew; his very, very large extended family;  and the legion of dedicated friends and admirers.   As a lifelong Eagle Scout, Wayne was no doubt familiar with the  famous scouting adage, ``Leave a place better than when you found it.''  Without a doubt, Wayne left North Dakota and this Nation a better  place. May we all be inspired by his lifetime of public service and the  profound impact it had on all that is excellent about North Dakota  today. Rest in peace, Wayne.   I yield the floor.   