 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and the ranking member for  bringing this bill to the floor.   I am honored to bring this resolution to the floor every year. It  authorizes an event, as you have been told, that I am proud to support  every year. This will be the first time it has been held since 2019  because of the pandemic.   That event is the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, one of my  favorite events of the year. The Soap Box Derby brings families  together from across the greater Washington metropolitan area,  encouraging kids and their adult family members or community members to  compete in a fun and educational race.   This is my 29th year sponsoring the Soap Box Derby resolution. I  don't know whether that is a record on the Soap Box Derby, but in any  event, this is the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby's 79th year.   The race will be held on June 18, and you will see soap box racers  from ages 8 to 17 compete in three divisions: stock, super stock, and  masters. The winner from each division, Mr. Speaker, will have a chance  to compete at the national All-American Soap Box Derby, which is held  each year in Akron, Ohio.   Much of the fun, however, takes place even before the race begins.  Participants spend weeks, perhaps months, building and testing their  racers at home, a wonderful bonding experience for kids, parents,  grandparents, and other family members and those engaged in mentorship  in their communities.   Soap box derbies have been called the greatest amateur racing event  in the world. They have become a staple of the American experience and  an important piece of Americana. They teach sportsmanship, engineering,  manufacturing, and leadership.   Oftentimes, racers are sponsored by local civic groups, service  organizations, and police or fire departments, with members coming out  to cheer on their hometown participants.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor this resolution today that will  authorize the use of the Grounds of the U.S. Capitol for this year's  Soap Box Derby.   I thank my cosponsors, members of the region's congressional  delegation: Representatives Don Beyer, David Trone, Gerry Connolly,  Anthony Brown, Jennifer Wexton, and Jamie Raskin.   I am also proud that several Greater Washington Soap Box Derby  champions have come from Maryland's Fifth District, my district, in  recent years, including the winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013,  2014, and 2018. So my guys do pretty well in this race, and some of  them are gals, by the way.   Our racers even won a national championship in 2007 and 2008. I am  excited to see how the Fifth District racers do this year, and I am  looking forward to seeing their colorful and creative soap box designs.   I thank the organizers of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby, as  well as Chairman DeFazio and the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure, for their support. I hope every Member, as they have in  the past, will join in supporting this resolution. I invite them to  join me in cheering on the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby on June  18.   