 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 4929, and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, vaccine mandates are morally wrong and widely  unpopular. Millions of Americans are still required by this Federal  mandate to be vaccinated or lose their job.   The people's elected lawmakers here in Congress haven't instituted  these mandates. No, there is no Federal law putting them in place.  President Biden and his bureaucrats are just treading deeply into the  personal medical choices of Americans without an act of Congress  authorizing them to do so.   Now, Congress has the chance to make these millions of voices across  America be heard. That is, after all, our job. Our sole job is to make  Federal law, to give voice to those who elected us. We can state  clearly, boldly, decisively today that Federal vaccine mandates do not  belong in the United States of America.   We can stand for millions of vulnerable Americans who just want to go  to work so that they have the chance simply to put food on the table  for their families. That is not too much to ask.   The pandemic is waning, but it is waning just as our economic  problems are just beginning. If we want to control the high price of  everything, the lack of availability that comes with the related supply  chain crisis, and keep the American economy moving, we must stand  against these illegal, immoral, and unconstitutional mandates.   Look, the American people are sick and tired of the Federal  Government micromanaging every minute detail of their lives. They are  exhausted from the mandates and from the bureaucrats who they didn't  vote for and never could vote for and never would vote for.   The brave men and women of our military, the Federal workers, the  Federal contractors, people who work for Federal contractors--even a  subdivision of a Federal contractor that doesn't actually provide any  Federal contract work--along with medical professionals--all these  workers across every part of our great land who are sucked up into this  mandate, they all deserve better than pink slips and boots out the  door, simply for making their own medical choices.   So I implore my colleagues with all the urgency I am capable of  communicating, to stand up for American workers, stand up for our  economy, stand up for freedom, and vote to withhold funding from these  unconstitutional mandates.   It is quite significant that the very first clause of the very first  section of the very first article of the Constitution says that ``all  legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in the Congress of  the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of  Representatives.''   It matters that this clause comes first, before everything else. And  the reason it matters is because it is there to remind us of something.  The most dangerous power within our Federal Government is not with the  judiciary, it is not with the executive branch; it is right here in  this branch because we have the power to prescribe law. We have the  power within our Federal Government to provide what should be, what the  law says, what people have to do. That is why the Founding Fathers were  careful not to entrust it to any branch of government other than this  one, not because those who would occupy these positions would  necessarily be any wiser or any brighter or inherently more cautious  than everyone else, except in one critical respect: This is the Federal  branch most accountable to the people at the most regular intervals.  You can fire every Member of the House every 2 years. You can fire one- third of us every 2 years.   We are the branch that is accountable. That is why we have been given  the most dangerous power within government, the power to make Federal  law. How then does this relate to illegal, unconstitutional, immoral,  and wildly unpopular vaccine mandates? Well, it matters because that is  an exercise of Federal law. It is an exercise of Federal law that  Congress never enacted.   They have arrogated to themselves within the executive branch an  authority that they do not have based on a contrivance, based on a  tortured, butchered manipulation of statutory text that doesn't tell  people that they have got to choose between getting an unwanted medical  procedure and unemployment, unemployment in a context that it is likely  to lead to unemployability. And, indeed, it was designed to do that. We  know that because those who put these policies in place have told us as  much.   Look, everybody has been through a lot in the last 2 years-- Democrats, Republicans alike. This virus has been no respecter of  persons, of red States and of blue States. Just the same, the American  people understand that we are ready to move on. We are ready to not  have government dictating every aspect of our lives.   COVID is no excuse for a government to do something that is  categorically immoral. It is no excuse to do something that we all know  is wrong. We would never justify anyone in rendering a threat against  their friend, their neighbor, their employee, that if you don't bow, if  you don't defer to Presidential medical orthodoxy, I am going to make  you lose your job and make it impossible for you to put bread on the  table for your children. No sane, moral, decent person would do that.  We must not allow them to do that. We must never allow the executive  branch of government to exercise authority  [[Page S776]]  that they don't have because we didn't give it to them and they could  never have it because the Constitution doesn't allow it.   We have got the chance right now to bring together red States and  blue States alike, because, remember, it is not just red States anymore  that are ditching these kind of draconian measures within their own  State government systems. No. It is blue States left and right-- Michigan, New York, New Jersey, Illinois. Many, many more blue States  are joining the number of red States that have made this decision.    Enough is enough. It is time for us to live our lives. I encourage my  colleagues to vote yes on my amendment, No. 4929, and let America work  again.    Mr. President, the American people do not want a Federal  vaccine mandate. The American people just want to be able to go about  doing their jobs. They want to be able to go work. They don't want to  be told by someone who lacks the authority that they have to choose  between an unwanted medical procedure on the one hand and on the other  hand, losing their ability to put bread on the table.   It is not just illegal; it is not just immoral; it is wrong. We all  know it is wrong, and we know that it is time to end this.   Please vote yes on my amendment.       I ask for the yeas and nays.   