 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my opposition to  Amendment No. 554 to H.R. 7900 Offered by Mr. Langevin of Rhode Island.   I think we can all agree that increasing cybersecurity coordination  across different sectors is an important goal. However, I have concerns  with the functions of the Interagency Council for Critical  Infrastructure Cybersecurity Coordination. I am concerned that this  amendment is assigning the Council tasks that it does not have the  qualifications to complete.   The Council is charged with reviewing existing regulatory authorities  that could be used to strengthen cybersecurity for critical  infrastructure. It is also supposed to identify regulatory gaps that  could invite cybersecurity risks to critical infrastructure and develop  legislative proposals to resolve such regulatory gaps.   I am worried the Council does not have the expertise to review  regulations and propose legislation for our critical infrastructure.  While I appreciate that the Council will include representatives from  Sector Risk Management Agencies and potentially other federal  departments and agencies as determined by the Secretary of National  Cyber Security, I am concerned that each councilmember's expertise  within a given sector or within cybersecurity generally is not adequate  to perform this regulatory assessment or potential legislative  proposals required by this bill.   For example, I do not agree that a councilmember whose expertise is  in the financial sector should be reviewing regulations of the dams  sector. Nor should the councilmember for the dams sector be proposing  legislation for the health and public health sector.   While I understand that there are commonalities to cybersecurity  risks posed to different sectors, the regulatory and statutory  regimes--including those related to cybersecurity--must account for the  unique operations of each sector, the type of actors in each sector,  and technical feasibility within each sector.   Therefore, I oppose the creation of the Interagency Council for  Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity Coordination as structured by  this amendment. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   