 Mr. Speaker, for tonight's Special Order, the House  Freedom Caucus would like to discuss our constitutional right to keep  and bear arms.   I think it is really important that we make exceedingly clear that  every one of the Members who is going to be here speaking this evening  is as upset and disturbed by the tragic events in Uvalde as everyone  else.   But what we will not do is allow the folks on the left side of the  aisle to use that as a tool instead of addressing our school safety  issues, instead of using it as a tool to address the mental health  issues that are rampant across our Nation, instead to use it as a tool  to diminish the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens across  our country, not only reducing the rights but, additionally, putting  them in jeopardy as well, at the same time that they continue to try to  undermine law enforcement and compromise the law enforcement community  to protect these very same individuals so that they are forced to go  out and make sure that they can defend themselves and their families  and their property.   This is a problem that we see taking place time and time again across  our Nation. This isn't just happening in Seattle, in Portland, and in  Minneapolis-St. Paul. Unfortunately, we are seeing some of these exact  same leftist radicals who try to strip the power of law enforcement  from cities even in the State of Montana.   No one would ever believe it, but we had ordinances that were  proposed in Helena, Montana, in Bozeman, Montana, and in Missoula,  Montana, to try to defund our law enforcement at the same time we see  crime levels rising everywhere. They are violent crimes. I have talked  to the attorney general, and he has verified that very information.   The Members who are going to be here tonight are going to talk about  the Second Amendment, and they are going to talk about it in great  detail because they understand, as the million Montanans do, that the  Second Amendment is about much more than just hunting. As a matter of  fact, yes, there are people who enjoy hunting with firearms, and they  also enjoy just target shooting with firearms. They also have weapons  that are antiques or family heirlooms that have been in their homes and  families since the 1800s. The most important thing that the Second  Amendment is about is home security, defending your home and your  household, and that is what we are going to hear a lot about tonight.   I am proud to say that Montana ranks as the number one State with the  most guns per household. That, my friends, is how we can keep those  crime levels down. Sixty-four percent of Montanans' homes have a gun  within them. Guess what? Criminals know that. When you put a sign out  that says we defend our homes, people tend to stay away from those  areas.   We have a lot of information to go over this evening, and I have  several of my colleagues who are going to be here to help me.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Biggs), my  dear friend.    Mr. Speaker, I thank very much Representative Biggs,  one of our strongest defenders of the Second Amendment here in the  body.   If the left wants to address this issue, let's be up-front about it.  Let's be honest about it. Let's stop trying to undermine the Second  Amendment through changes in statute. Let's stop trying to strip away  people's rights by inserting something into a law that later would be  struck down by the Supreme Court.   If you want to be honest and up-front about stripping away people's  rights, then come to this floor, propose an amendment to the  Constitution, debate it here on the floor, send it to the United States  Senate, see if you can get that done. Then send it back to the people  of the United States and see how they feel about it.   That is how this is supposed to take place. You cannot violate the  Constitution and strip away people's rights.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert),  my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, we continue to hear the Democrats talk  about the flawed arguments that we make that the Founding Fathers  didn't know weaponry would advance the way that it has, that the  Founding Fathers could not conceive of a government that would never  force us to do something against our will or deny us of due process.  Please consider some of the activities that have taken place and the  mandates that have been placed  [[Page H5540]]  upon us over the last 2 years, and don't tell me that we have a  government that has reached well beyond its boundaries.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Davidson), who  knows what it means to fight for our country.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here with the members  of the Freedom Caucus tonight because they are the ones that understand  we are standing here with a simple task, and that is to defend the  rights of the people across this Nation. That is what our job is.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Hice), my  good friend.   