 Madam President, in just a moment--in just a moment--I am  going to ask that the Senate do something that we should have done  months ago.   In just a moment, I am going to ask that this body confirm Deborah  Lipstadt to serve as the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism on behalf of the United States.   My great-grandparents, Israel and Annie, arrived in this country in  1911 and 1913, fleeing anti-Semitism in Eastern Europe. Their story is  like the story of so many Jewish immigrants and refugees who came to  the United States because the free exercise of religion is guaranteed  by the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. And when I stood just  there and was sworn into the U.S. Senate, I held in my breast pocket  copies of the ships' manifests logging their arrivals at Ellis Island.   We had a confirmation hearing for Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson in the  Judiciary Committee last week, and I had a discussion with Judge  Jackson about what that means, the free exercise of religion.   This country has drawn immigrants and refugees from around the world  because it is a place where you are protected from persecution, no  matter how you worship. That is what America stands for.   It is time for the Senate, at long last, to confirm this nominee to  fight anti-Semitism around the world on behalf of the United States,  standing up for those values.   It was U.S. forces who liberated Dachau and Buchenwald. And Annie and  Israel, my great-grandparents, they got out of Europe. Many of my  family did not, and they perished in the Holocaust.   This isn't ancient history. This is recent history. And, right now,  as we speak, the scourge of anti-Semitism is rising again in this  country and around the world.   If we mean the words ``never again,'' then, at long last, let's  confirm Deborah Lipstadt to fight anti-Semitism on behalf of the United  States.   Deborah Lipstadt comes from my home State of Georgia. She is the  professor of modern Jewish history and Holocaust studies at Emory  University--a leading scholar of anti-Semitism and the Holocaust.   It is time for the United States to stand up against anti-Semitism.  It is time, finally, for the Senate to confirm this nominee.   So at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 845, Deborah E. Lipstadt, of  Georgia, to be Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism, with  the rank of Ambassador (New Position); that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that any  statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; and that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.   