 Madam President, earlier this week, I did something I  haven't done in a number of years, which is to attend a session of the  U.S. Supreme Court, their oral arguments.   Of course, as you know, during the COVID pandemic, even the Supreme  Court had to change the way it operated, but now the Court is back in  the Supreme Court Building, meeting together, and listening to oral  arguments and deciding some of the most important cases that are  confounding the country and our legal system.   But the case that I listened to oral arguments in hit very close to  home because the style of the case was United States v. Texas. It  centers on a memo issued by the Department of Homeland Security  Secretary, Alejandro Mayorkas, which he released last fall. In it, he  provided specific confirmation--indeed, actually direction--to our  Border Patrol agents that they would no longer have any hard and fast  rules when it comes to removing illegal entry into the United States,  particularly by those who commit serious crimes. So rather than a  mandatory rule, Secretary Mayorkas said: Well, you have to weigh these  various factors to see whether somebody who is guilty of a serious  crime should be removed from the United States.   Under this memorandum, officers with Immigration and Customs  Enforcement were discouraged from arresting or removing illegal  immigrants unless they posed a threat to national security, public  safety, or border security. That sounds reasonable, but it is a little  more amorphous, a little more vague than specifically people who have  committed aggravated felonies.   The memorandum, though, goes on to say that the Agency will  prioritize anyone who poses a ``current threat to public safety,'' but  it is unclear exactly what that means. The guidelines state that this  ``is not to be determined according to bright lines or categories.''   If you are a law enforcement officer, like the Border Patrol, what do  you want? You want bright lines. You don't want categories. You don't  want some woke statement about, well, on one hand, you have to consider  these factors; on the other hand, you have to consider these factors.  They need bright lines so they can make, perhaps, even life-and-death  decisions.   But what Secretary Mayorkas has said in this memorandum is that there  [[Page S6933]]  is really no clear guidance, no clear definition for our Border Patrol  in terms of the people they need to detain and remove from the United  States because they are a public safety threat. I would hope that  crimes like murder, rape, and aggravated assault would meet this  balancing test by Secretary Mayorkas, but the memo does not offer any  specifics. It is, on this hand, you have to consider these factors; on  the other hand, you have to consider these without any real guidance.   We know it is unfair to our law enforcement officials to not provide  them with better guidance because they have to make difficult  decisions--sometimes split-second decisions, sometimes life-and-death  decisions. And to have somebody come back and say, ``Well, you didn't  properly balance the considerations,'' as opposed to having a bright  line rule or category, which is less discretionary and which provides  much more clarity and certainty, I think it is a disservice to them, as  well.   What about domestic violence, what about child pornography, what  about driving under the influence of alcohol, money laundering,  embezzlement? You can look in this memorandum and you won't find any  answers to those questions, just the old balancing test: On the one  hand, think about these things; on the other hand, think about those.   The administration has offered such vague guidance with the term  ``current threat to public safety'' that different ICE officers may  well reach different conclusions.   Making matters worse, the memo outlines mitigating factors. So not  only do you consider these factors and these factors and balance them,  then you need to consider mitigating factors that an officer should  consider whether to enforce the law or simply walk away. This includes  the age of the migrant, as well as how long they have been living in  the United States, as if a migrant entering the country illegally  somehow would acquire some equity or vested interest because they have  been here longer than somebody else. That makes no sense at all.   The memorandum also said that the law enforcement officer must also  include a consideration of the physical or mental condition of the  migrant. It even directs ICE officers to consider how the removal of  somebody illegally in the United States would impact other people and  their family.   Just to be clear, these are not mandates from Congress. This is the  product of a made-up memorandum by the Secretary of Homeland Security.  Congress has given the Department the authority to exercise some  prosecutorial decision, but there is a difference between prioritizing  certain offenses for removal and effectively exempting entire  categories for enforcement.   I think one of the problems that Secretary Mayorkas has is that he  thinks he has the authority to pick and choose which laws to enforce.  He has no such authority. Now, he does have authority in terms of  prioritizing them.   But, basically, he said that somebody who was in the country  illegally because they violated immigration laws is the lowest of  priorities for detention and removal. That is what gets you several  million people over the last couple years. That is what gets you a  border crisis, which allows for the illegal importation of the drugs  that killed 108,000 Americans last year--that sort of wokeness and  lawlessness.   We have seen previous administrations prioritize the removal of  terrorists, transnational criminals, or people who pose a threat to  public safety or national security, and that is fine. I think we can  all agree that law enforcement should use its limited resources to  address the biggest threats but not in the process exempt other people  who have violated the law from any potential consequences. It defies  all common sense to instruct a law enforcement officer to turn a blind  eye when they encounter individuals who came here illegally and  committed other crimes just because those crimes aren't, in the opinion  of Secretary Mayorkas, serious enough or because of the age of the  individual or how long they have actually resided here in the United  States.    The lower court, the District Court for the Southern District of  Texas, found that Secretary Mayorkas's memorandum guidance doesn't  justify common sense. They found that it breaks the law. Congress has  provided the requirement and said that the Secretary ``shall take into  custody'' noncitizens who commit certain crimes--``shall.''   The question Chief Justice Roberts kept asking is, Does ``shall''  mean ``shall'' or does ``shall'' mean ``may,''--because the law, which  Congress has passed and was signed by the President of the United  States, says that you ``shall take into custody'' illegal immigrants  who commit certain crimes and you ``shall remove'' those individuals  once they are released from criminal custody. So the word ``shall'' is  mandatory. It is not discretionary. Congress's law that we passed isn't  just a polite suggestion. It is an instruction, it is a direction. It  is a requirement. It is a mandate.   The reality of this situation, however inconvenient it may be for  some of our colleagues, is that by entering the United States  illegally, these individuals have, by definition, broken the law. The  Secretary of Homeland Security doesn't have the authority to determine  whether those individuals should face the legal consequences that  Congress has mandated. That is our job, and the decision was made long  before President Biden or Secretary Mayorkas took office.   The State of Texas is disproportionately affected because we have a  1,200-mile common border with Mexico, and we are seeing the bulk of  this wave of humanity and the drugs coming across the border, and it  has imposed a significant burden on our border communities and on our  State.   But I believe that the State provided a strong case that the Justices  should vacate this dangerous and illegal memo once and for all. If you  think about it a minute, by saying, ``Well, you have to weigh these  factors against these factors and, oh, by the way, if somebody is of a  certain age or has been here a while then you exclude them entirely,''  what this memorandum did and does is sent a clear message to the world  that if you come to the United States illegally, you will be able to  stay as long as you don't get caught committing a murder or some other  heinous crime. But if you commit other crimes, you still might be  released by the Department of Homeland Security because there is no  bright line rule requiring removal under those circumstances.   This turns on its head what the obligation of the Secretary of  Homeland Security should be. He takes an oath similar to the one we  take to uphold the law, the Constitution and laws of the United States.  I believe it is a clear violation of his oath and his responsibility to  try to provide this watered-down memorandum. It is completely  impossible for an individual Customs and Border Protection officer to  know how they should strike the balance. It is going to be second- guessed.   As I said earlier, two Border Patrol agents looking at the same  individual may weigh these factors differently. Well, it is  contributing to the Biden border crisis that we have seen raging for  the past 2 years. The United States, as we like to say, is a nation of  laws, not men and women. In other words, it doesn't depend on who you  are. It depends on what the law is, and we all have the same obligation  to follow the law. The Secretary simply doesn't have the authority to  cherry-pick which laws he wants to enforce and which ones he doesn't.   Congress writes the laws, and the executive branch is charged with  enforcing those laws as written, not as how you wish they would be-- nothing more and nothing less. But, unfortunately, we have seen, time  and time again--not for days, not for weeks, but for months and even  now years--that the Biden administration has simply failed to clear  this very low bar--enforce the law.   It is discouraging ICE personnel--again, ICE is Immigration and  Customs Enforcement--from enforcing our immigration laws.   You remember that, a couple of years ago, some of the more radical  members of our colleagues' political party said: You should abolish  ICE. We shouldn't enforce any of our laws.   But the consequences are pretty clear now. They failed to secure the  border or provide frontline law enforcement and agents with the  resources they need in order to do their job. These can sometimes be  very dangerous jobs.  [[Page S6934]]    What is more, the administration has actually sanctioned villainizing  Border Patrol and ICE personnel for doing the very job that we asked  them to do--enforcing our immigration laws.   Frequently, if you talk to the Border Patrol agents, they will talk  about the push factors that encourage people to leave their home  country, like poverty and violence. And then they talk about the pull  factors, or what they can expect to encounter at the border as to  discourage them from coming or to encourage them.   There has been no attempt by the Biden administration to address the  pull factor that encourages people to make the dangerous trek from  their homes and come to the United States illegally.   That would be something called deterrence, discouraging somebody from  illegally coming to the country in the first place. And the asylum  program, which has now resulted in millions of cases on the backlog of  immigration courts, there has been no effort made to try to fix the  broken asylum process, no attempt to strengthen law enforcement and to  actually remove people who have no legal right to be here in the United  States.   If you go to the border now--as I have been many times--and you talk  to the Border Patrol agents, they will tell you that they routinely  detain people from as many as 150 different countries. This isn't just  people coming from Mexico or Central America; these are literally  people coming from around the world. You will find Ukrainians. You will  find Russians. You will find people from the Middle East. You will find  people from Iran, North Korea, China.   The fact of the matter is that if you have enough money, if you are  willing to pay the price that these human smugglers require, you can  make your way into the United States and through our southern border  illegally.   So it is an abdication of duty and a complete embarrassment to our  law-abiding society. I think many Americans watch what is happening at  the border, and they wonder, is this the same country I grew up in, or  did I miss something? Because they feel like something has gone  terribly awry with this sort of lawlessness and chaos.   The Biden administration's laissez faire attitude toward our Nation's  immigration laws is absolutely disgraceful, and there must be  consequences. The American people deserve better than this, and I hope  to see more accountability next Congress once Republicans take control  of the House.   That means that we will have new chairmen of the various committees,  and they will call people like Secretary Mayorkas before those  committees and hold them accountable. But until that happens, I don't  expect things to get much better, because if the Biden administration  hasn't been motivated to get off the dime and actually do something  about this chaos and lawlessness at the border, I don't know what it  will take to change their minds.   But sometimes when public officials don't do what they are supposed  to do and you can't change their minds, sometimes you need to change  who those public officials are. Unfortunately, we may have to wait  until the next election to do that.   Immigration enforcement is a bigger job today than it was a few years  ago, and I am afraid it is getting ready to become even more  challenging. Just last month, the DC district court judge vacated the  Center For Disease Control's title 42 order, and the judge granted a 5- week stay which will expire here in less than 3 weeks.   Title 42--just to remind everybody--is a pandemic-related order  designed to protect public health. It is not really an immigration  order, but it is a public health order. So when people are coming  across the border untested and unvaccinated, we recognize that is a  potential to spread even more of the coronavirus.   And so Border Patrol has told me as long ago as about a year ago that  they have been able to expel some people, particularly adult males,  from coming across the border using the title 42 authority. But that is  getting ready to go away in 5 weeks--or less than 3 weeks now.   And we have not heard any plan out of the Biden administration for  how they are going to do the job without that authority, because they  simply refuse to use any other authorities, like expedited removal, in  order to discourage people from illegally entering the country.   Back when I sat down with some of the leaders of the Customs and  Border Protection and Border Patrol, about a year ago now, they told me  that once title 42 goes away, unless there is another alternative plan  for controlling people's access to the border, they will lose control  completely.   At this point, title 42 is one of the few remaining tools we have to  prevent even more chaos at the border. Of the more than 230,000  encounters at the southern border in October, 230,000 migrants came to  the border, more than 78,000 were removed under title 42.   You might ask what happened to the rest of them. Well, they were  ushered into the country, perhaps never to be heard from again, based  on weak asylum claims or other refusals by the Biden administration  simply to enforce our immigration laws.   But 78,000 is not inconsequential. That is 78,000 people the Border  Patrol didn't have to process, feed or house, or take care of. But once  title 42 is gone, that will all change. And the consequences will be  dire. It has been 2 weeks since the Federal judge struck down title 42,  and I have yet to hear a peep out of the Biden administration what they  will do to address these consequences.   A few weeks ago, President Biden held a post-election press  conference and was asked what he intends to do differently over the  next 2 years, given the fact that 75 percent of the voters say the  country is headed in the wrong direction. He said: Nothing. He intends  to do nothing differently.   Three out of four Americans believe the country is heading in the  wrong direction, and the President of the United States of America  says: I am not going to change the direction.   The Senate majority leader shared the same sentiment, calling the  election results a vindication for Democrats. Given their recent  comments, President Biden and Senator Schumer don't seem to recognize  there is a problem at all. In fact, they seem happy with the way things  are going, and they have assured us that Democrats are just going to  keep moving in the same direction.   So if you think this is bad--and two-thirds of the voters believe we  are headed in the wrong direction--just get ready, because it is about  to get worse.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   