 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I have to preface my remarks with my deep  respect for the senior Senator from Iowa. I respect him not just  because he slays it on Twitter, but I respect him because of his heart,  because we have a great working relationship, and because we have  worked together to deal with the drug crisis in America. We have worked  together to make the judicial system more just.   What you hear from the senior Senator is passion that comes from the  crisis, as he said. I have traveled his State considerably, and the  opioid crisis is a crisis from New Jersey to Iowa--all over our  country. He read the statistics, but you could hear from his heart that  these are families he knows; that these are people who have seen the  tremendous loss of young people through opioid overdoses.   We cannot in this country tolerate one more overdose. I agree with  the Senator's sense of urgency in that we cannot tolerate one more  death and that we have to address this public health crisis. But with  this goal in mind, I cannot support the bill as it is offered today  because extending the temporary scheduling of fentanyl analogs alone is  a failed experiment.   We have seen this temporary scheduling. We are in it right now.  Classwide scheduling has not curbed the overdoses. In fact, overdoses  have increased during the period that fentanyl analogs have been  scheduled by nearly 40 percent from June 2019 to May 2020.   Here is what makes it even worse.   As a result of just blanket classwide scheduling--this broad sweep  approach--the FDA recently testified that there is a potential  lifesaving antidote to these fentanyl analogs. It is basically a  stronger version of naloxone. That stronger version has been placed,  because of this blanket scheduling, as a schedule I. The FDA knows that  this could actually endanger more people.   Why in the midst of a public health crisis are we criminalizing the  next naloxone instead of rushing it to the hands of researchers for  study and evaluation?   When you put something in schedule I, it is a declaration that  doesn't even have any health benefits. This is bad science and,  therefore, bad policy.   This bill, as it is now, would not prevent the steady increase of  fentanyl-related overdoses that we are seeing nationwide. It wouldn't  achieve that because we have had temporary scheduling, and it is still  going up. It will not prevent the loss of one loved one that we see  happening right now or the pain that motivates my friend and senior  Senator from Iowa.   This is a public health crisis, and our strategies should be informed  by the science as a public health response. It requires a response that  is dictated by science- and evidence-based interventions. Temporary  scheduling, again, is not simply that. Classwide scheduling impedes  scientists' and impedes researchers' abilities to develop evidence- based public health solutions that are needed to overcome the fentanyl  crisis and deal with these fentanyl analogs.   Look, right now, temporary scheduling has given this false impression  that Congress is doing something to deal with fentanyl analogs while  the death count goes up. What it has done, really, is allowed the  government to neglect the deeper calling for us to really deal with the  challenges as they are. There are a lot of evidence-based intervention  strategies--things we know that work--that we are not investing in.  There are things that could help these crises in our communities.  [[Page S929]]    Fundamentally, research by the FDA has confirmed that what is being  proposed--classwide scheduling--has improperly scheduled substances  with therapeutic promise and low abuse potential. We need to submit all  fentanyl-related substances to the same scientific evaluation that we  have done for other controlled substances. We need to test for their  dangerousness. We must identify those that might be lifesaving  overdoses.   All we have done for nearly 4 years now is schedule these substances  without thinking about the scientific and medical evidence. Kicking the  can down the road by temporarily scheduling these substances, yet again  now, without making any effort to follow the scientific process, is  irresponsible. We are preemptively criminalizing substances that may  not be harmful and may actually be antidotes, that might be the answer  in helping to curb these horrific overdoses and these horrible deaths.  The temporary scheduling of fentanyl analogs without testing for  pharmacological effects means that people will be convicted and  incarcerated for substances that may have no pharmacological effect.   I want to again make clear that I am committed to ending this  pandemic. I carry a picture in my wallet of someone who died from an  overdose--it was given to me as I crisscrossed this country--so as to  never forget the everyday emergency.   As the President mentioned in his speech to this body yesterday,  confronting the opioid epidemic is something that Republicans and  Democrats, united, can get behind. It should be bipartisan, but at the  same time, our response should not be guided by the same old drug war  ideologies that didn't stop the overuse of drugs. It should be guided  by the scientific evidence. It should be guided by compassion. It  should be guided by what works.   Classwide scheduling ignores the scientific and medical guidance. It  sets in place a dangerous precedent, and it repeats mistakes we have  made too many times in the past.   I have seen the drug war go awry. I have seen this body act in ways  that have compounded problems and not helped people. I have seen the  people with addictions--that are diseases--with nothing but jail and  prison. We can get out of this crisis if we follow the science and if  we follow what works, but it means Democrats and Republicans coming  together.   I have tremendous respect for my colleague. I know we can find a way  to move forward together. I know, if we continue to work together, we  are going to find a way forward. I know, because of my experience with  the senior Senator and his grace, that if we dedicate ourselves to  working together, we can get good things done for this country. We have  done it before. In this case, I think we can do it again.   So, with the deepest respect to my colleague, I respectfully object.    The Senator may proceed. I have nothing else to say.   