 Madam President, I rise to also offer to my thoughts on  the career and service, the personality and the values of Senator Rob  Portman, one of a number of retiring colleagues whom I will dearly  miss.   I was somewhat surprised by the timing of Senator Blunt's farewell  address and missed the opportunity to also speak to his departure. They  have in common an important shared characteristic: a passion for  getting things done, for being a Senator who serves their State and  Nation, who works across the aisle and delivers real solutions.   Stop taxing death and disability--that is the first bill that Rob and  I got to the President's desk and signed into law. Under the previous  administration, it had a very catchy name, and it was a simple solution  to a pRoblem most of us had never heard of, which was that if someone  who had taken out student loans died and thus was unlikely to repay  them and those student loans were discharged as a result of their  permanent disability or death, that benefit was taxed, and the tax  attached, in the case of one of my constituents, to their parents, to  the estate of the deceased child.   When I first talked to Rob about this on the floor, he said: That is  a terrible thing; we should stop it. From that simple germ grew a dozen  different legislative initiatives.   Before this Congress ends, we will get the reauthorization of the End  Wildlife Trafficking Act and the reauthorization of Rob's landmark work  in tropical rainforest and coral reef preservation to the President's  desk.   We had the chance to travel the world together. We had a remarkable  trip, as did Senator Klobuchar, to Ukraine--although I think our trip  was just a little bit more comfortable on the train than yours. But it  was a memorable opportunity to visit the Ukrainian refugees with their  own incredible Embassy staff and to present the Liberty Medal from the  National Constitution Center to President Zelenskyy.   I am also, I must say, grateful for your leadership on the Respect  for Marriage Act, which is today going to the President's desk.   It was in August, as we traveled to five countries in Africa,  together with our spouses and a great bipartisan group you helped pull  together, to look at how human development can be the key to wildlife  conservation in countries across the continent where too often there is  instability that leads to the loss of biodiversity and to an increase  in lawlessness and terrorism, and we found a way to craft together a  potential legislative solution that I look forward to carrying in the  years ahead.   To Jed, to Will, and to Sally, you have a remarkable dad. To Jane,  thank you for being such a delightful, engaging, and supportive  partner. My wife Annie and I will deeply miss you and Rob as colleagues  here in the Senate, as a legislative partner, and as a personal friend.   God bless you on the next chapter of your life, and we look forward  to staying in touch.   With that, I yield the floor.   