 Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I  certainly agree with the proposition that was advanced by my colleague  to improve service at the Internal Revenue Service. The fact, however,  is the effect of this proposal is to demean IRS workers and distract  from the real challenges facing the IRS. And the real challenge can be  embodied by the fact that, for years and years, my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have been squeezing and downsizing critical  enforcement services at the IRS to the point where the wealthy cheats  basically can get a free ride. They can get a free ride.   About the other day, in the context of talking about tax cheats and  wealthy partnerships that aren't getting audited, I said the chance  that they are going to be subject to real enforcement, when they are a  wealthy tax cheat, is about the same likelihood of being hit by a  meteor, and it is because of these policies that have been downsizing  resources at the IRS to deal with these wealthy tax cheats for years.   Now, Commissioner Rettig, who is a Trump appointee--an appointee of  former President Trump--recently said there are fewer auditors to deal  with these wealthy tax cheats today than at any point since World War  II.   So they have got that challenge, and then they have an enormous IT  challenge because the IRS, by their admission, is still using some  systems that are practically dated back to the Dark Ages.   According to the National Taxpayer Advocate, during the last fiscal  year, the IRS received a record 282 million customer service phone  calls and, with limited staff, was only able to answer 11 percent of  them. Commissioner Rettig told the Finance Committee, in a remarkable  statement, that it was his opinion that the amount of taxes that go  unpaid each year could now be as high as a trillion dollars.   To just wrap up, I want to describe how this all is connected. My  colleagues on the other side of the aisle have repeatedly attacked the  IRS. They cut, they squeeze, and they have constantly reduced the IRS  budget. Wealthy tax cheats are out basically celebrating the decline of  real tax enforcement. Law-abiding Americans--the vast majority of  Americans--are, of course, frustrated by the declining customer  service.    So then we have our colleagues on the other side of the aisle attack  the IRS, and the cycle just repeats: more cuts, less enforcement  targeted to wealthy tax cheats, and, unfortunately, inadequate customer  service. That has been the pattern now for decades.   In my view, this is a gift to tax cheats and an annual headache for  just about everyone else.   There is no question the pandemic--and this has been true for every  aspect of government--has brought new challenges, just like it has for  every business, every school, every government agency around the  country. And, in my view, instead of misplacing what the target really  ought to be, which is inadequate resources so we can't go after the  wealthy tax cheats, somehow we are hearing that it is the workers,  these union members, who are at fault. That is not my take.   For the reasons I have outlined, I object.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 6:30 p.m. tonight, the Senate vote on the  cloture motions with respect to Executive Calendar Nos. 614, 644, 649,  627, 616, 473, and 474; that at 12:30 p.m. tomorrow, Thursday, February  3, the Senate vote on the cloture motions with respect to Executive  Calendar Nos. 495, 496, 673, and 654; further, that if cloture is  invoked on any of these nominations, the Senate vote on confirmation of  the nominations at a time to be determined by the majority leader, or  his designee, following consultation with the Republican leader.    Reserving the right to object.    I will offer another proposal shortly as an alternative to  Senator Scott's unanimous consent request, and I am going to make a few  brief points before I do that.   I want to make clear that on this side, nobody--nobody--takes a  backseat to anyone else when it comes to standing up to the horrific  abuses of the Chinese Government against its people as well as its  economic cheating that has ripped off American jobs and our prosperity.   That is why I worked with our colleague from Ohio, Senator Brown, to  close once and for all an immoral and unjustifiable loophole that  allowed some products made with forced labor to enter into the United  States.  [[Page S483]]    That is why I have also worked with Senator Crapo on a bipartisan  effort to build on that progress with respect to forced labor and crack  down on the rest of China's playbook of abuses and rip-offs. We wrote a  bipartisan amendment that deals with forced labor investigations, with  intellectual property protection, and with counterfeiting. It helps  level the playing field in the fight against China. It helps strengthen  and speed up trade enforcement and increases transparency in trade  agreements and trade law. These have been priorities of mine throughout  my time in the U.S. Senate.   Obviously, I was very pleased when our bipartisan amendment with  Senator Crapo was included in the China competition bill. Overall, the  bill--and it was bipartisan--is all about creating jobs by building up  supply chains within the United States, investing in sensible science,  and battling some of the key cost drivers--cost drivers--in inflation.   Mr. President, colleagues, Senator Scott voted against that  bipartisan bill. The bipartisan bill passed by a vote of 68 to 32, but  my colleague from Florida voted no. So I just want--as people reflect  on this debate--to note for the record who exactly was working to make  progress in the fight against China's worst practices and who is making  speeches about them.   Second, America needs as much manufacturing capacity as possible as  soon as possible here for antigen tests to meet our needs.  Unfortunately, we are not there yet. The Biden administration recently  launched a free-to-order testing system--free-to-order testing system-- online. Sixty million households have ordered tests. That is nearly  half the total number of households in the country, so there is big  demand.   The President has committed to making a billion tests available  through that particular program. That is on top of other programs  sending millions of tests each week and month to nursing homes, rural  health clinics, schools, and elsewhere. The administration is buying  all the American-made COVID tests it can get its hands on, but it is  not enough to meet demand.   Let's make no mistake--all steps are being taken to make these  crucially needed tests available to Americans.   The Scott bill would create a shortage of COVID tests. So, in  addition to voting against the bipartisan bill that really would have  tackled the big issues dealing with China, my colleague has an effort  to create a shortage of tests. That would be a mistake. It would  prolong an Omicron wave and put lives in danger. That just isn't common  sense.   The American people want the supply of COVID tests to be large enough  that nobody has to camp out in a drugstore parking lot waiting for the  next delivery. That doesn't mean they are in league with the Chinese  Government's horrible genocide against the Uighur people, but that is  essentially what this bill is saying.   After we have dealt with the Scott proposal, which doesn't do  anything to help America's working families and our children, I am  going to propose something that does and does it quickly.   The fact is, there are tens of millions of families across the  country who need help paying for housing and childcare and the other  basic necessities of life. That is what the Senate ought to be focused  on. That is what we ought to be zeroing in on because that is going to  make life better for families and for kids. So when this legislation is  disposed of, I am going to propose that the Senate pass a 1-year  extension of the expanded child tax credit, which expired on January 1.  That is something, colleagues, which really helps families, and they  are hurting right now. The Senate knows they are walking on an economic  tightrope, balancing the food bill against the fuel bill, and the  reality is, a lot of them had extra expenses due to the variant.   I have been trying to get colleagues on the other side of the aisle  for well over a month to support the child tax credit. Our colleagues  on this side of the aisle have been relentless in their support for it.  Child tax credit payments cut child poverty nearly in half; food  insecurity among families dropped by 25 percent--story after story from  parents across the country talking about how the program helped them  put food on the table, how it helped them buy their kids' school  clothes and helped them avoid financial ruin when a parent was laid  off.   The fact is, Social Security was a bond between the government and  elders. What the child tax credit has been all about is creating a new  bond to try to help families, vulnerable families and their kids--an  economic lifeline to them.   What I am going to propose, I think, as we move to this debate-- because we will hear from our colleague from Florida--we have a choice.  If you want to do something that does absolutely nothing but put  Americans in a tougher spot in terms of getting the help they need to  deal with COVID, that is what happens under the proposal by my  colleague from Florida, or do you want to do something that will put  cash into the pockets of parents so they can help their kids?   I can tell the Presiding Officer, I am sure he, as a new parent,  hears this from his contemporaries: The child tax credit is going for  luxuries.   I was just home. I had six townhall meetings--by the way, in mostly  conservative areas--and families were using those child tax credits for  buying shoes and food and essentials.   So that is what the choice here is going to be.   For the reasons that I describe now, I object to the unanimous  consent request from our colleague from Florida.    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that  if the Senate receives a message from the House of Representatives that  the House has passed a bill that is identical to the text of the Wyden  bill that is at the desk to extend and modify the special rules for the  child tax credit and the advanced payments of the child tax credit for  1 year, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table without intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, just very briefly, I would like to note  that this has been the second time in about 6 weeks when I have tried  to get the urgently needed child tax credit extended for another year  here on the floor of the U.S. Senate--the second time.   We are hearing all over this country about families who are really  having trouble making ends meet right now and how valuable to them the  child tax credit would be. And twice in the last 6 weeks, here on the  floor of the U.S. Senate, I have tried to get the child tax credit  extended for 1 year. And I would just like to note that twice--twice-- in the last 6 weeks, Republicans have objected to the idea of extending  the child tax credit for 1 year.   I don't think that is in the interest of American families and  American kids. We will continue this debate.   And with that, I yield the floor.   