 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have 26 days left in the calendar  year, and there is still a lot we have to do.   This week, the House is expected to take up the annual Defense  authorization bill, priming the Senate to take action, perhaps as soon  as next week.   The Senate's work on funding the government also continues. I just  finished a meeting with the Republican leader about finding a  constructive path forward to keep the government funded next fiscal  year. Leader McConnell and I have both publically affirmed the  importance of getting this done, because our troops, our military, and  our national security depends on it.   And this Wednesday, in fact, the Senate will hold another classified  briefing on the state of play in Ukraine, and I hope that my colleagues  recognize how funding the government is inextricably tied supporting  Ukraine while protecting American national security here at home. The  two are tied together.   So we are going to continue negotiations until we get the job done on  funding the government. Both sides recognize the importance, so now  both sides must chart a path forward together.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 1238.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 1183.  [[Page S6955]]     Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 1146.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, December 5,  be waived.    Madam President, I ask that the scheduled vote occur  immediately.   