 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation that  I co-introduced with Congressman Pappas, H.R. 8510, the Strengthening  Whistleblower Protections at the Department of Veterans Affairs Act.   Holding government accountable requires reasonable whistleblower  protection. VA employees take a risk when exposing fraud, corruption,  or any wrongdoing of any kind, and they deserve to have their claims  investigated, and to have protection from retaliation.   The VA's Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection was  created with good intentions but has never lived up to the expectations  of whistleblowers or of this Congress. In 2021, 80 percent of all the  disciplinary recommendations that OAWP made were either changed or  simply ignored. Here are just two examples of the many troubling  stories that my colleagues and I have heard during our hearings.   At one facility, OAWP recommended a range of discipline from 12-day  suspension to removal for three supervisors who engaged in  whistleblower retaliation. VA officials disagreed, however, and the  individuals received no disciplinary action.   At another facility, OAWP recommended a range of discipline from  demotion to removal for an individual who retaliated against and  harassed an employee. VA officials believed the file lacked certain  testimony and evidence and the individual received no disciplinary  action.   Despite the efforts of many dedicated VA staff, these cases, and  others like them, highlight the need for a change in OAWP's roles and  responsibilities. Veterans, whistleblowers, and taxpayers deserve  better. H.R. 8510 would remove OAWP's investigative authority, and  instead, direct OAWP to refer whistleblowers to the Office of Special  Counsel, an independent agency, which has a much better track record  for whistleblower investigations. This bill would also require OAWP to  track settlement negotiations and agreements between VA employees and  the Department and refocus the office on providing training to  employees on whistleblower rights.   This legislation is an example of the good that Congress can do when  we work together. I look forward to its swift passage through the  House, and I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.   