 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman, Mr.  Neal, for yielding time and for leading this important legislation. I  also thank him for the opportunity to serve on this important  committee.   I also thank the ranking member for always showing respect in our  deliberations. All the best to you in your future deliberations.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 9640, the Presidential  Tax Filings and Audit Transparency Act of 2022.   As the chair has said, since 1977, the IRS adopted a policy of  conducting mandatory audits on the President while they are in office  as a check on their power. Disturbingly, our committee found that the  IRS had all but given up and ceased this program under the previous  administration.   As our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have chipped away at  the funding for the IRS, their talent pool has shrunk. They have been  unable to retain the kind of tax and financial experts that are  actually needed to review the complex tax returns of some of the  wealthiest.   Meanwhile, those on the lower income spectrum, especially those with  children who claim the earned income tax credit, are more likely to be  audited. In fact, in reports from our committee, five times more likely  to be audited are those individuals on the low-income spectrum than the  most wealthy.   The evidence is clear: Congress must step in. This is why this  legislation must be passed.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``aye'' on this measure  and to put the confidence of the American people in our tax system once  again.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Tonko, for  yielding the time and for leading on this legislation on the floor  today.   I come here today to discuss my bipartisan, bicameral legislation,  the Great Basin National Heritage Area and Mormon Pioneer National  Heritage Area Extension Act, which was included as part of the National  Heritage Area Act, which we are debating today.   The overall bill would reauthorize all 55 National Heritage Areas for  15 years, providing the certainty that NHAs need to build long-term  partnerships and leverage public and private dollars while increasing  transparency and accountability for the program.   The Great Basin National Heritage Area is a remote region spanning  the border of Nevada and Utah with rich cultural roots, rugged  landscape features, and is home to many historical sites.   While the Great Basin National Heritage Area region is sparsely  populated with only 21,000 people calling these two counties home, what  the area lacks in people, it makes up for in historical sites, sweeping  landscape formations, and cultural attractions, including some of the  best stargazing people can see and outdoor recreation.   Since the initial designation, Great Basin and Mormon Pioneer have  received $6 million in Federal funds, which have produced projects and  programs valued at over $50 million.   National Heritage Areas are critical for our rural communities that  are vast beautiful landscapes that protect our lands and bring tourists  from around the world.   This designation does not result in any change in land-use  regulations or ownership. Reauthorization of the NHA distinction would  also not affect water rights, grazing rights, or mineral rights.    Madam Speaker, this would only allow for a continuation  of National Heritage Areas, including Great Basin National Heritage  Area, which just this past August celebrated its 100-year anniversary,  which I was proud to attend.   This legislation is critical to protect and promote National Heritage  Areas across the country, so I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' in  favor of this legislation. I am proud to stand up today for the  National Heritage Area Act.   