 Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, it is now March. It has been 7 months  since the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan.   Thirteen servicemembers lost their lives in the attack on Abbey Gate  along with hundreds of civilians. As a result of the botched evacuation  operation, hundreds, if not thousands, of American civilians were left  behind to the enemy.  [[Page S1892]]    We hear from our friends on the other side of the aisle that my  insistence that we actually vote on nominees is unprecedented. I would  humbly suggest that the Afghanistan crisis into which this President  led our country was unprecedented.   And who has been held accountable for that disaster? No one. Who has  the President fired? Who has offered their resignation? Which of the  planners at the Department of State or the Department of Defense or the  National Security Council have been relieved of duty? No one.   Until there is accountability, I am going to ask that the Senate do  the simple task of its job, which is to actually vote on these  nominees. The least we could do is observe regular order and vote on  these leadership positions at the Department of Defense.   My colleagues say that we have got to put national security first. I  agree with them about that. But I believe that begins at the top, with  the President of the United States and the leadership of the Department  of Defense and the Department of State. I, for one, am not going to  stand by and look the other way while this administration  systematically endangers our national security, imperils the American  people, and watches the sacrifice of our soldiers go by without any  accountability, without any change in direction.   Accountability for the Afghanistan disaster is all the more urgent  given revelations last month from the U.S. Central Command  investigation of the Abbey Gate bombing. The investigative report makes  clear that the Administration had ample warning prior to mid-August  that Kabul could collapse rapidly in the face of the Taliban's  offensive. It shows further how the Administration refused to  acknowledge those warnings and act in a timely manner to prepare for  Kabul's fall. And it shows in astounding detail just how chaotic the  final evacuation effort was, with U.S. servicemembers often left  without clear guidance, the State Department constantly missing in  action, and the Administration itself intent only on evacuating as many  people as possible, regardless of whether those individuals were  eligible for evacuation or might pose a threat to America's own  security.   I am not willing to look the other way and just pretend that  Afghanistan didn't happen, which seems to be the posture that many in  this body have adopted. I am not willing to do that. I can't do that  because I promised the parents of the fallen that I wouldn't do that.   I am going to discharge my responsibility. And as long as it takes, I  will continue to draw attention to what happened at Abbey Gate and to  demand accountability for the disaster that this administration has  pushed upon this country and upon the people of my State.   