 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 4003 creates a new Federal grant program to provide  training for law enforcement officers  [[Page H8616]]  on de-escalation techniques, participation in crisis intervention  teams, making referrals to community-based service providers, safely  responding to individuals in a behavioral or mental health crisis, and  alternatives to use of force.   It requires the Department of Justice to develop training curriculum  in collaboration with mental health providers, law enforcement  agencies, civil rights organizations, and other stakeholders.   It also authorizes $133 million in new money over the next 4 years  with no offsets.   There are several problems with this legislation.   First, the COPS Office at the Justice Department currently funds  programs that already do what this bill purports to support. For  instance, the COPS Office funds the Community Policing Development De- Escalation Training Program through two different mechanisms.   Through one mechanism, the COPS Office provides $3 million over the  next 2 years for the expansion of a network of regional centers to  provide nationally certified de-escalation training opportunities for  law enforcement. The other mechanism, law enforcement agency de- escalation grants, provides nearly $12 million in grant funding over  the next 2 years to support whole agency de-escalation, implicit bias,  and duty-to-intervene training efforts.   These programs are appropriated and up and running as we speak. We  should not be creating new programs that are duplicative of current  programs without at least examining the efficacy of the currently  funded programs.   Second, this legislation represents a departure from traditional law  enforcement techniques, one that advances a soft-on-crime approach. In  recent years, these kinds of approaches to fighting crime have been a  boon to criminals and have led to our current crime epidemic.   We need to seriously address the crime epidemic, not fund duplicative  programs that would keep cops in cars.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 3846 makes a number of changes to the Justice and  Mental Health Collaboration Program.   The Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Program is a Department  of Justice program that assists States, local governments, and Indian  Tribes with providing treatment to individuals with mental health  problems and substance abuse disorders that come into contact with the  criminal justice system.   This bill allows funds under this program to be used for crisis  intervention team and co-responder teams made up of law enforcement  officers and mental health professionals. These teams can be placed  within 911 call centers to better respond to individuals facing mental  health challenges.   It also allows funds under this program to help State and local  governments implement the 988 universal telephone number, which is the  national suicide prevention and mental health hotline.   This legislation also authorizes $2 million for each of the next 5  years for the Department of Justice to report on the prevalence of  mentally ill offenders in the criminal justice system.   While this bill is well-intentioned, more needs to be done to address  the surge of violent crime this Nation has seen over the past 3 years.   Violent crime is especially bad in Democrat-run cities with rogue  leftist prosecutors who don't enforce the laws on the books and in  cities that have demonized and defunded their police departments. I  would point you to Milwaukee, Wisconsin.   It is no wonder that 27 of the 30 cities with the highest homicide  rates have Democratic mayors. We need to keep violent criminals behind  bars and put an end to soft-on-crime policies that are wreaking havoc  on our communities.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the POWER 2.0 Act permanently authorizes the Pro bono  Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018, which is scheduled to sunset  at the end of this year.   It requires the chief judge for each district to conduct public  events to promote pro bono legal services for survivors of domestic  violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   In addition, the bill requires the chief judge for a district that  includes an Indian Tribe to conduct a public event to promote pro bono  legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of these crimes  every 2 years.  [[Page H8623]]    Research has shown that survivors of domestic abuse have  significantly better outcomes, such as successfully obtaining a  protective order, when represented by an attorney.   This bill will hopefully assist victims in accessing quality  representation through pro bono services.   Mr. Speaker, I recommend that my colleagues support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5455 responds to a Supreme Court ruling that held  certain low-level drug offenders do not qualify for resentencing under  the retroactive provisions of the First Step Act. That was not  Congress' intent in adopting the First Step Act.   This problem dates back to the drug epidemic of the 1980s. At that  time, Congress enacted harsh penalties for Federal drug offenses,  including mandatory minimum sentences.   The Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986 created a 100-1 sentencing disparity  between crack and powder cocaine, meaning an individual convicted of  selling 5 grams of crack cocaine would receive the same sentence as  someone convicted of selling 500 grams of powder cocaine.   In 2010, Congress passed the Fair Sentencing Act, which reduced the  sentencing disparity between crack and powder from 100-1 to 18-1.   In 2018, Congress passed, and President Trump signed, the First Step  Act into law. The First Step Act made the sentencing disparity  provision retroactive, allowing individuals convicted of or sentenced  for Federal drug offenses related to cocaine to move for a  resentencing.   However, that law did not specifically address individuals whose  crimes did not trigger the mandatory minimums. As a result, some of  those individuals are serving longer sentences than those whose  offenses triggered the mandatory minimums. This legislation today makes  technical corrections and brings parity to crack-related offenses.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   