 Good morning, everybody. First, let me just say, for any  Member who is exiting that is considering Former Members of Congress, 8  a.m. is not a normal start time for any meeting. That is safe for me to  say, or I would not be affiliated. This is not comfortable for me,  either.   I know, most former Members know, and the Members who are exiting  know that the Former Members of Congress is really a great  organization.   My first interface with it was walking through one morning early and  seeing the group meeting here, and I believe Tom Price was speaking and  a few of the others that are in the crowd here today. I was curious as  to what the group was and hung around for the reception, not knowing  that one day I would be speaking before you.   There are only so many hours that are going to be in your day in the  days ahead, and it is a challenge when you lose your scheduler. You  lose that critical staff. Yet, there is so much you want to do.   How do you manage that time? How do you manage the resources? I have  found that the former Members group here is really helpful in that.  [[Page H9702]]    It is helpful in how to, I would say, extend your public service  because you just never want to step away, but sometimes you do  voluntarily and involuntarily, but you want to stay involved.   The former Members organization has allowed me to continue my service  in a different capacity, which has been a joy.   For me, I have enjoyed the travel side of it, and I know many have  been on codels and have enjoyed the travel through codels. There is  that opportunity, as well, through the Former Members of Congress.   For me, this past year, I was able to enjoy a trip to New York City,  which, being from the South, is a new, big place for me. We had a great  time as a group, in a board meeting planning and discussing, but also  exploring some of the city and some of the sights there.   Even more exciting was a trip that I enjoyed to Iceland. I never had  the chance to visit Iceland, and this was a trip with former Members,  spouses, and guests. It was not a trip paid for by the former Members  organization. Your dues, sustaining dues, didn't go to that. It was, in  fact, a self-paid trip that was organized by the former Members.   To have the opportunity to represent the United States at that stage  was fascinating. We were able to meet with the President, former  President, a former Speaker, and the newly, I guess, installed  Ambassador from the U.S. to Iceland--newly as in that week she arrived.  We had the opportunity to visit with her at the Embassy, so it was a  great time.   As with all codels, in essence, you meet folks whom you wouldn't have  normally met, and you spend time with folks you wouldn't normally spend  time with. So as former Members you rekindle old relationships,  potentially, but then you also create new ones that you wouldn't have  done otherwise.   For me there was a special one. I refer to her as Miss Marjorie. Pat,  you may have known Marjorie Margolies from the Philadelphia suburbs,  and I believe mother-in-law to Chelsea Clinton. For some reason, we hit  it off. We couldn't be further apart politically or geographically and  in a lot of different ways, and, yet, we had a little fun exchange in a  webinar. I was participating in a webinar about the former Members  doing Congress to Campus.   We were doing this webinar, and I kept referring to her as Miss  Marjorie, Miss Marjorie, Miss Marjorie. I was being so kind and  bipartisan, and she was being strong and very partisan, I felt like.  Somewhere through that she referred to me as ``that silver tongue from  the South'' to the whole group. I thought, I have finally hit home with  her. She has figured me out.   These trips are a great time to definitely meet folks and enjoy that  opportunity. Also, there is that freedom and flexibility that I found  comforting. Codels are fantastic opportunities to explore and meet  folks, but you get a little more freedom and flexibility in your  planning and timing and such. So for former Members, codels are great  to be a part of.   I would say on the trips the other thing I learned is you develop  relationships with people who come from a different political  background and from a different philosophy but also from a historical  background.   This was incredibly eye-opening to me to interact with Members who  had served here just like we have, but had a historical lens that was  very, very different and to reconcile that with today or with the  issues that I was dealing with and to see that conveyed to others.   So as I close, I will close with this: Aside from trips, I had the  chance to join in a panel discussion with one of our former colleagues,  Ms. Edwards, whom you will hear from in a minute--and then also former  Senator Hutchinson whom I hadn't met before. We had a fun exchange and  discussion about the elections and what to expect in the elections.   You will have those opportunities. What is great about those  opportunities is that you do learn about others. You do learn other  perspectives. But more so, it keeps you sharp.   One of my concerns leaving Congress is: How do you stay sharp?   So being ready, being able to state your opinion, being able to back  it up, but also to respect others keeps you sharp. We should stay sharp  because if you want to extend your public service, you need to be  sharp. You need to be a sharp opinion leader, and you need to be a  sharp communicator because folks are going to be expecting to hear from  you in the days ahead.   So with that, Mr. Chair, I thank you for the opportunity to address,  and thanks, L.F., for the opportunity to be on the board.   I happily yield to the young lady from Maryland (Ms. Edwards).   