 Mr. Speaker, in the hearing on this  bill in the markup in April before the Committee on the Judiciary, I  raised an amendment or proposed an amendment that we protect the United  States, if this bill were to pass, by providing that the Chinese  Communist Party not be allowed to abuse it.   I submitted for the record evidence that Chinese technicians under H- 1B visas had been part of the censorship routine at Facebook, that H-1B  visa holders were involved in the Confucius Institutes in colleges and  universities across the country.   We ought to, at a minimum, provide that the Chinese Communist Party  does not use our immigration tools as a means to impair American  national security and favor inculcation of the Chinese Communist  Party's influence in the United States.   In response to the amendment, the bill's sponsor argued that the  Immigration and Naturalization Act already provided for defense against  this threat. In fact, she gave a particular section of the code,  section 212(a)(3)(D), which already fully took care of this problem.  Except in further debate on the amendment, it became apparent after a  while that, no, section  [[Page H9715]]  212(a)(3)(D) only addressed risks involving aliens, not immigrants.  That was finally conceded, but the problem was not addressed in the  markup.   Now, as the bill comes to the floor today, it comes with a manager's  amendment, not vetted in the Committee on the Judiciary as it should  have been that day, and it doesn't do the job. It is loaded with  exceptions that raise subjective questions that may be circumvented by  agents of the Chinese Communist Party to come into the United States  exploiting this greater latitude for these visas.   I believe the bill sponsor spoke to it in her opening comments, that  there is an exception. Yeah, okay, the Chinese Communist Party can't  take advantage of this. But if somebody is an involuntary member in the  Chinese Communist Party or they accept membership in the Chinese  Communist Party for the purpose of obtaining employment, well, they are  not going to be excluded.   Well, who won't say that is what happened? And who is to decide now  who was an involuntary member or one who was eager to participate?  There are exceptions for close family members and exceptions for past  membership.   We will offer a motion to recommit that will eliminate those  exceptions. The motion to recommit would prevent the Department of  Homeland Security from issuing an H-1B visa to anyone who is or was a  member of a communist party or totalitarian party. It is just that  simple.   Why, if this is harmless and helpful, is the Democratic Party so  reluctant to provide for the most elemental of protections for the  American people, that it not be exploited by the Chinese Communist  Party, the most notorious adversary of the United States in the world,  and to be done simply and completely so that, above all, we protect  America in the course of doing this?   Mr. Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct the  Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 3648 to  provide real safeguards against Chinese Communist Party influence and  espionage.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to  recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   