 Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment would direct the VA to conduct  an awareness campaign regarding types of fertility treatments,  procedures, and services that are available to veterans.   While I do agree that all veterans should be made aware of the care  and services covered under the earned VA medical benefits package, I  must oppose this inclusion of the amendment in the NDAA.   I cannot support an outreach campaign that champions a process like  in vitro fertilization, a process that creates life in a petri dish and  then either destroys, discards, or forever freezes it on a shelf. This  is not life-affirming. This is not right for veterans or their spouses  or their children.   Being a father is one of the highlights of my life. I wish every  veteran could know the joy of parenthood, and I want to help veterans  struggling with infertility to connect with life-affirming resources  and support.   I hope to work with my colleagues and fellow veterans to find a  better way forward for veterans who are unable to conceive. Dropping an  amendment into the NDAA is not the way forward, and for that reason, I  am opposed to the amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I mentioned earlier in my statement, I cannot support  this amendment that promotes the provision of in vitro fertilization as  part of the VA medical benefits package, and I urge Members to oppose  the amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment would provide access to VA medical care  and services for veterans who served in the Armed Forces of the  Republic of Korea during the Vietnam conflict.   There are approximately 3,000 Korean veterans living in the U.S. as  citizens and who served alongside American forces during the Vietnam  conflict. This amendment would grant them eligibility to enroll in the  VA healthcare system. This would create an inequity between these  individuals and veterans of U.S. Armed Forces who are not currently  eligible to enroll in the VA care.   It would also create a disparity with the veterans of other allies of  other conflicts who later became U.S. citizens. Ultimately, the  amendment unfairly singles out one group of service above others. That  is why I cannot support the amendment's inclusion in the NDAA.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman's willingness to  work on doing that as well, but this amendment itself being included in  the NDAA will not take care of those others. I would like to work with  him to make sure that everybody that needs to be included is included.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned earlier in my statement, I  cannot support the amendment that would provide benefits to one group  of allied veterans before considering that same eligibility for all  veterans. I appreciate the opportunity for the chairman to work with us  to make sure that all the U.S. Armed Forces that have supported us over  the years, that we can come to some sort of agreement.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   