 Mr. Speaker, I thank my fellow marine and fellow  guardsman, Mr. Palazzo, for his dedication to being one of the co- chairs of the Guard and Reserve Caucus.   It reminds me of continued service that members of the Guard and  Reserve do every day in communicating to the general public the value  of what it means to have a ready Guard and Reserve, but also here in  Congress, the continuing education for all of our Members so that they  understand in their States the importance of maintaining a ready Guard  and Reserve.   May is National Military Appreciation Month. So is June. So is July.  So is August. So is September. I would suggest to you, we should be  thankful continually for the men and women who always are standing by  at the ready when our country needs them.   Whether it is a humanitarian assistance mission, a disaster relief  mission, a border security mission, a mobilized go-to-the-fight kind of  mission anywhere in the world, our Guard and Reserve stand ready.   But in that readiness comes the requirement to properly fund the  Guard and Reserve, and in the military, it is always a competition for  resources. I believe the combination of States, because the Governor of  every State is the commander in chief of their Guard units--Reserve  units, different story. They are under the command of the different  services.   But the readiness and the support that is offered by each State and  its Governor to ensure that their Guard units are ready to go, whether  they are Army Guard, whether they are Air Guard, no matter what it is,  is essential to not only the State readiness but the overall readiness  we need as a country in the very complex world in which we live.   A special thanks tonight to the families of those guardsmen and  reservists because those guardsmen and reservists work a Monday through  Friday job, let's say. On Friday night, when a lot of their peers leave  their jobs and go home to go play golf or go fishing or whatever, they  are packing their kits and going to drill weekends or a 2-week annual  training or whatever it is.  [[Page H4910]]    The sacrifice of time that the guardsmen and reservists make at the  expense of their family time is something, again, we should never, ever  take lightly and always remember because it is those young children who  wonder why Mom and Dad are not around on Saturday and Sunday. Then they  see the picture of them wearing the uniform and doing the kind of duty  that we need in the United States of America. We cannot thank the  family enough.   Having said that, in thanking the family, the commanders of the units  know very well that good training time means that you are busy, you are  doing good things, and if there is nothing to do, secure and go home  and spend time with your families because it is the family that keeps  everybody together.   Speaking of keeping things together, employers a lot of times don't  understand the sacrifices that their men and women are making on the  weekends. They just see them as good employees Monday through Friday. I  thank the employers.   There is a group called the Employer Support of the Guard and  Reserve. They have done a great job across the country to ensure that  the relations between the Guard and Reserve and the employers are such  that there is no misunderstanding of why a person may ask for an extra  day or 2 to leave for extra Guard duty to do a longer drill weekend. My  thanks to the employers as well.   On a little personal note, when it comes to Michigan, in fact, today  I met with the Adjutant General of the Michigan Guard. As a State,  Michigan has some very unique and productive training areas. We are a  State with a lot of water around us. We have a lot of woods. Camp  Grayling, in kind of the central part of lower Michigan, really is an  example of what a National Guard training base could and should look  like around the country.   We have multinational exercises every year, Exercise Northern Strike,  and the Alpena Combat Readiness Training Center. We are one of the few  areas where the fighters have unfettered access to unrestricted  training areas to do live ordnance.   We need to have our pilots and our aircrews and all our shooters  ready to go. I am proud to represent that part of Michigan that houses  Camp Grayling.   Of course, Selfridge Air National Guard Base, down kind of closer  toward Detroit, it is a base with a future because it is one of the few  bases that is not a joint base where you have military and civil  aviation going together. The ability of the Air Guard, of the Air Force  Reserve, of any of the Reserve components that fly to put capabilities  at Selfridge Air National Guard Base is a win-win for not only our  defense posture but, quite honestly, for the State of Michigan when it  comes to providing bang for the buck in the defense dollar.   I could tell you a lot of stories over a long time. In my command, my  last command, as the commanding general of the Marine Corps Reserve,  whether they are a marine, a sailor, an airman, a soldier, a soon-to-be  space guardian in a Reserve component, Coast Guard, the men and women  who serve, the missions that they are ready to do give me confidence in  our ability as the United States military to not only go to the fight  but to do the humanitarian assistance and disaster relief. We are in  good hands because of the commitment of the men and women who wear the  uniform.   My friend, Congressman Palazzo, thank you for leading this. Thank you  for calling attention to the fact that without our Guard and Reserve,  we are less ready as a country.   