 Mr. President, reserving the right to object. First, this  is a pretty long piece of legislation and impactful in the policy it  makes. It was introduced yesterday.   It is probably not a great idea for the Senate to short circuit any  process of reviewing this legislation and speed to its passage today,  but Senator Ernst is a serious thinker on matters of national security,  and so I do want to engage for 2 minutes on the merits because I think  it is important to have this conversation.   Senator Ernst is right. At the heart, at the center of U.S. foreign  policy has to be the protection of our citizens. We have to be  coldblooded about making sure that our policy keeps our people safe,  both here in the United States and abroad.   The good news, when it comes to Iran policy, is that we have tried  both a policy of engagement and diplomacy and a policy of escalating  sanction, and we can judge from those two periods of time which one  better protected American security and the specific security of  Americans here and in the region.   During the period of time that the United States and Iran were in an  agreement regarding nuclear weapons together, there were not credible  plots being hatched against U.S. persons inside the United States.  There were not Iranian proxies firing at U.S. forces inside the Middle  East. But as soon as the United States removed itself from that  agreement and started this process of escalating sanction, all of a  sudden, Americans and American assets were at risk all over the world.  The plots started against U.S. persons here. The Iranians and their  proxies started regularly shooting at Americans in the region.   And so the facts are the facts--less threat to the United States when  we were in a diplomatic agreement and more threats to the United States  when we weren't in a diplomatic agreement. I think that speaks to the  question of whether engagement or maximum pressure actually--actually-- in the end protects Americans best.   But, second, I want to make this point, and I think it is an  important one. This is called the PUNISH Act. And I understand why. It  speaks to a view of sanctions as simply a mechanism of punishment. And  there is an element of sanctions that is sending a moral message, a  moral signal, about our values and how they differ from the values of  those that we are sanctioning. But sanctions are also used to  influence. In fact, most of the sanctions that we are passing are not  just merely punitive. They are actually designed to try to change the  behavior of a regime.   So that is why, if we entered into a nuclear agreement, the only  sanctions that I think we should remove are the sanctions that were  specifically put in place to influence the Iranians to give up their  nuclear weapons program.   In fact, I would argue--and I think President Biden would argue; I am  sure President Biden would argue--that we should keep in place the  sanctions that have been levied against Iran to try to influence their  ballistic missile program or their support for terrorists.   And so I think it is just important for us all to come to the  conclusion that, although there is a punishment element of sanctions,  if we don't use sanctions to influence behavior, then I am not sure  that the policy of sanctions matters as effectively as it should.   And, lastly, this: Iran, they are malevolent actors. They are not  good people. But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't enter into  negotiations when we can take steps to protect our interests, the  security of our people.   The nuclear bombs that we dropped on Japan were 15-kiloton weapons.  Modern nuclear weapons range from 100 to 800 kilotons. So, yes,  unapologetically, we should have a policy as a component of our  national security to do whatever is possible to make sure that more  countries--especially, more wildly irresponsible regimes--don't get  their hands on nuclear weapons. And, yes, that should be more important  than many of our other priorities.   Yes, in fact, we should elevate the conversation about stopping a  regime like Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. They are bad actors.  They are targeting U.S. forces. They are targeting U.S. persons. They  are supporting terrorism. That, to me, is the reason, is the rationale  why we should make sure that that regime--so dangerous, so destructive,  so malevolent--doesn't get its hands on a nuclear weapon.   Their bad action in the region is a reason to engage in diplomacy to  stop  [[Page S4953]]  them from getting a nuclear weapon, not a reason not to engage in that  diplomacy. And so I understand that it is sometimes incredibly hard and  distasteful to get your arms wrapped around engagement with an enemy.   But I will leave you with this. The Soviet Union, through their  proxies, killed tens of thousands of Americans during the Cold War.  There was no doubt that they possessed on a daily basis the existential  ability to wipe out the United States. But we did, at the very least,  four bilateral nuclear deals with the Soviet Union, seven multilateral  nuclear deals with the Soviet Union, not because we misunderstood their  aims and desires but because we thought it was so important to limit  the scope of their nuclear program given their intentions to wipe out  democracy all around the world.   I agree that it is apples to oranges comparing the Soviet Union to  Iran, but the same principle applies. We need to elevate our work when  it comes to nonproliferation. That just needs to matter more, and  we shouldn't be afraid to engage with enemies and adversaries,  especially on this question of making sure that their bad behavior  doesn't end up having, amongst its tools, a nuclear weapon that could  kill hundreds of thousands of Americans.    For that reason, I object.   