 Madam President, while the distinguish leader is still on  the floor, let me thank him for those remarks. And I know Marcelle will  thank him too. Of course, our spouses have spent a lot of time  together, and we know who the real leaders are in the house.   I think of what the leader has said, and he speaks of the time when  we worked together. And I appreciate very much--I have told him  privately, but I will say it publicly: I have appreciated the  friendship and the work together.   We did go back and forth over a period of years. Part of the time he  was chair, and part of the time I was chair, but in a very, very  important subcommittee.   In Foreign Ops we had everything from foreign aid to a lot of the  things we did around the world. But that bill would pass on the floor,  oftentimes on a Friday afternoon, when everybody would say: Bring it  up; we have got to get out of here.   And it passed, virtually, unanimously. We would work out a couple of  differences. First, we talked about them, and then they were gone, and  off we went.   I remember speaking at a symposium put together by the distinguished  leader, and I was given and presented with a Louisville Slugger with my  name on it. Now, throughout the course of any Senator's career, and  certainly one of 48 years, you get presented with a lot of things,  which you thank people for, and you put them in the closet or the  attic. This, I would tell the distinguished Senator, has stayed in  public view in my office ever since I came home with it. And I loved  showing it off at a time when we have to be back together on more  things. But we have on that. You talked about the landmine legislation  and the war victims legislation, and I appreciate your work on that,  Mr. Leader.   And it reflected such good in this Senate but also the people who  were helped by it. There are no eradicating landmines, there is no  victim of landmines that is going to come in and say: Well, we can  support your next campaign.    No, they don't even know who we are. They know we helped them.   When the leader talked to me about Burma, I finally got educated on  Burma. And I was an easy sell--I think he would agree on that--because  of the case he made but also because of the history he gave me.   I don't want to hold up the Senate. I will speak longer about these  things on the day I leave, which will be soon.   I look forward to leaving because Marcelle and I can be back home all  the time, but I will miss so many friends I have made--the well over  400 Senators I have served with. And I think the distinguished leader  has served with hundreds also. Some were here for a long time. Some  were here for, sometimes, I think, in a couple of instances, a matter  of a month or two. I prefer a long time to a month or two. It is easier  to get to know each other.   I will speak further about this. But I was honored to be on the floor  when this happened.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   