 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   I rise in strong support of the LGBTQI+ Data Inclusion Act. I will  say it is troubling for me to hear of the ongoing effort by our  Republican colleagues to cancel the LGBT community.   Efforts are underway to be sure that you are not allowed to speak  about members of the LGBTQ community, the ``Don't Say Gay'' laws that  are percolating in State legislatures and that have been passed in  some; efforts underway to ban books that include depictions of members  of our community; and now, today, an effort to oppose collection of  data so you can pretend we don't exist.   We are not going to tolerate that because LGBTQ+ members have existed  in this country for a very long time, and for far too long, Federal  surveys have failed to collect critical data on our community.   But we know even with the limited data that we have that the LGBTQ  community is facing many, many great challenges. LGBTQI+ people face  higher rates of unemployment, poverty, and housing insecurity and have  worse physical and mental health outcomes than their peers. That is a  fact.   These adverse experiences are not just a consequence of who they are,  but they are a consequence of the way the LGBTQI+ community is treated  in our country and in society.   They are disparities that are a result of a society where  discrimination, rejection, harassment, even bullying of LGBTQI+ people  is still common. They are the result not of our identities, but of how  society treats members of our community.   Unfortunately, we are in particularly perilous times for our  community because in the last year alone, State legislatures have  enacted more than two dozen anti-LGBTQI+ laws. Is it any surprise that  our community still has so many obstacles to overcome?   While we know of some of these obstacles, we lack clear,  comprehensive Federal data on our community and our experiences. The  LGBTQI+ Data Inclusion Act will change that.   Good policy comes from good data. If we are going to better serve the  LGBTQI+ community, we need to be represented in Federal studies and  surveys so that we can better tailor policy solutions and address the  most pressing issues facing LGBTQI+ Americans.   As States move to codify discrimination into law, it is even more  critical than ever that the Federal Government collect this data on our  experiences so that we will have better data to be able to develop  better tools to tackle the many obstacles that face our community.   You know, the whole purpose of this is a recognition that  particularly for LGBTQ+ youth, which seems to be the real target of  this effort to cancel, this cancel culture, that they deserve to be  treated with respect and kindness and empathy like every other kid.   It is imperative that we collect data so that young people can  understand that they matter, and that when we think about mental health  strains and housing instability and more, that we are going to develop  solutions that address their issues.   This legislation is about making us better as a country, more  inclusive, making us better policymakers, while preserving the privacy  of all people in the United States, including children.   You know, some people in this Chamber want to deprive LGBTQ youth of  the care and the resources they need to live healthy, authentic lives.  They are making inaccurate claims about today's legislation for that  reason.   Let me remind you: The Trevor Project just released a report. Madam  Speaker, 45 percent of LGBTQ youth seriously considered suicide in the  past year. Almost half of these kids in the LGBTQ community seriously  considered killing themselves.   Madam Speaker, 25 percent of LGBTQ youth experience homelessness or  housing insecurity. If you are an LGBTQ youth, you are four times as  likely to attempt to kill yourself, and 43 percent of trans kids report  being bullied in school.   So these are real challenges. Nobody should be okay with that. We  want to make sure, as so many leading medical organizations have  already affirmed, the importance of providing safe, supportive  environments for LGBTQI youth and young people to grow up.   By ensuring that we have robust, exclusive data, today's legislation  will help to ensure that our policies provide every family in this  country and every LGBTQI+ young person access to the resources they  need.   We should all want that. You just can't cancel a group of folks  because you don't like them. This is America. Every single person  deserves to be counted, deserves to be respected, deserves to have  access to their government, and the collection of data does a critical  part of that work.   I will end by thanking Chairman Grijalva for introducing this  legislation, thanking Chairwoman Maloney for  [[Page H5861]]  helping shepherd this bill to the floor and for her strong advocacy,  and I urge my colleagues: Think about those statistics. Think about the  young people who are being impacted when you vote, and vote ``yes.''   