 We all know inflation and the economy are the biggest  problems facing Americans today. The New York Times released a poll  just yesterday showing a full 93 percent of working-age Americans are  dissatisfied with the state of our economy. We are a big and a diverse  country. Ninety-three percent of Americans hardly ever agree on  anything, but Democrats are unifying the country in unhappiness at the  dark path down which they have taken our economy.   Monmouth University released some data explaining why Americans are  feeling so sour. Forty-two percent of Americans are struggling to stay  afloat financially at the highest rate ever--ever--in this poll's  entire history, even higher than the darkest days, the days of the  COVID pandemic.   Sixty-three percent of Americans named economic issues as their chief  concern. And they know who to blame for their misfortune: President  Biden and congressional Democrats, who plowed $2 trillion into our  economy last year and created the highest inflation in four decades.   I am sure many of my colleagues heard heart-wrenching stories from  constituents struggling with inflation during the past 2 weeks' State  work period. I certainly did in Kentucky, where the average household  now spends more than $500 more a month than they did before President  Biden took office.   At a meeting with homebuilders in Northern Kentucky, local employers  told me their businesses were poised to slow down dramatically. For 2  years, they struggled as Washington Democrats' exacerbated supply chain  hiccups and worker shortages with freewheeling spending policies. Now,  as the Fed tries to rein in inflation by hiking interest rates, home  buyers have to contend with the most expensive borrowing environment in  over a decade. Homebuilders foresee their industry literally stalling  out.   In Paducah, I sat down with some of Western Kentucky's barge  operators. Like the homebuilders, they are concerned with ongoing  worker shortages, inflation, and of course spiraling fuel  [[Page S3218]]  costs. They also rightly worry that power outages could hit the  Commonwealth in the coming months.   Washington Democrats pursued environmental goals crafted by activists  with no sense of how the real economy functions. They sidelined  powerplants that use cheap, reliable energy sources without  acknowledging that shortages would occur when the wind doesn't blow or  the Sun doesn't shine. Independent electricity reliability experts have  been sounding the alarm that two-thirds--two-thirds--of the United  States could endure electricity blackouts this summer.   Then, Kentucky's ongoing labor shortage hit home during a meeting  with bourbon distillers in our famous Bluegrass region. As the  distillers explained to me, the programs implemented by Washington  Democrats in their $2 trillion spending package last year encouraged  workers to exit the workforce and stay on the sidelines. The  Commonwealth still has 20,000 fewer workers--20,000 fewer workers--than  we did before the pandemic. So hamstrung by a lack of employees, these  Kentucky businessowners are watching apprehensively as Washington  Democrats debate another dose of bad policies.    This time, our colleagues are reportedly cooking up a trillion  dollars in massive tax hikes on things like small businesses and  domestic energy. When you tax something, you get less of it. That is  the way it works. I don't know many Kentuckians who think America needs  fewer small business jobs or less American energy. I am not certain  about the good people of West Virginia either.   One estimate has found that almost half of all the jobs in all of  West Virginia are tied to small businesses, the vast majority of which  are passthroughs. Half of all the jobs in the entire State are provided  by passthroughs.   I can't imagine the people of Pennsylvania or Ohio or a number of  other States are especially keen to have fewer small business jobs,  higher prices passed on to consumers or less American energy either.  Yet each of these States and many others have a Senator apparently  keen--keen--to champion these bad ideas.   The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has proven that the  policies that Democrats are floating would completely break President  Biden's promise not to raise taxes on the middle class below $400,000.  The JCT says their bad ideas would create a tax hike for more than a  quarter of all Americans who earn between $75,000 and $100,000 and more  than half of the people earning between $100,000 and $200,000. They are  taking President Biden's promise not to raise taxes on anybody below  $400,000 and putting it through the shredder--putting it through the  shredder.   This all-Democratic government has already spent America into runaway  inflation, and now--now--they want to tax us into a recession.   