 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that there be a  period of morning business for debate only until 3 p.m., with Senators  permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; and that Senator  Schumer be recognized at 3 p.m.  [[Page S4055]]     Madam President, I rise briefly to speak to a unanimous  consent request that I am going to make in just a moment. I am pleased  that we are about to consider the nomination of Dr. Monde Muyangwa, to  be Assistant Administrator for Africa for USAID.   This is a critical post, one we cannot afford to leave vacant at a  time when the humanitarian needs, the development opportunities, the  strategic challenges that we see in Africa need to be met by an  outstanding development professional.   As the ongoing Russian aggression in Ukraine continues to cause  skyrocketing fertilizer costs, widespread food crises, the people of  Africa need to know that the people of the United States will support  them, will work with them, and will be a great partner in their  development.   I am about to ask unanimous consent for the confirmation of a nominee  who has a long and deep experience in this area. The director of the  Wilson Center Africa Program, long-time dean of the Africa Center for  Strategic Studies at the National Defense University, a professor, a  nonprofit leader, a development professional, a Rhodes Scholar--someone  who will represent us very well.   Madam President, with that, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the follow nomination:  Calendar No. 815, Monde Muyangwa, to be an Assistant Administrator for  the United States Agency for International Development; that the Senate  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action, and the  Senate resume legislative session.    With that, I yield to my colleague from the State of  Illinois.   