 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Regrettably, I will not be able to support this bill either. It is  another $1.4 billion of mandatory spending--no offsets, no sunset. This  is another case of the runaway Biden inflation train gaining speed. The  only question at this point to the American people is how spectacular  the crack-up is going to be, and the American people know that.   When I go out and talk to them, I hear about two things: energy  prices and inflation.   Well, here we have got another $1.4 billion that are going to be  poured into the tinderbox of the train to send it careening down the  rails even faster. The only question is how spectacular the crack-up is  going to be. Unfortunately, the American people are going to suffer the  consequences.   The author of this bill just said that she would like to take some  species off the endangered species list. There is one that can come off  right now--right now--that has recovered.   Representative Boebert and I proposed an amendment to de-list the  gray wolf. It has recovered. The gray wolf is in the ESA ``Hotel  California.'' They can enter, but they never leave.   Twenty-five wildlife scientists from the upper Midwest a decade ago  said, you need to de-list the wolf. We put together an amendment for  this bill, and it was not considered.   Terribly unfortunate, because it is time for the Endangered Species  Act to either be used properly and de-list a species like the gray wolf  that is fully recovered, according to wildlife scientists, or else the  ESA itself has to be reformed.   Those scientists, when you read their document that they wrote,  specifically said, the Endangered Species Act is endangered because it  is not being used properly.   Also, there is no language in this bill that prohibits funds from  going to acquiring new Federal lands. Think about it this way: If you  have a neighbor that doesn't repair their roof, it is leaking into  their house, and they say we are going to go buy that lot next door.  That, in effect, is what this bill will allow the Federal Government to  do.   We are seeing across America, including in my district, that the  Federal Government is not taking care of their lands appropriately. The  Federal Government is becoming America's slumlord.   This bill has grant programs that even the most extreme environmental  groups can apply for. Every time some taxpayer-funded, so-called  corporate green group runs an ad, and you are going to see a lot of  them here in 2022, claiming the sky is falling, just remember: You may  have paid for it, and you may pay twice because you will get hit with  inflation as a result of spending that the American people cannot  afford.   I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to be able to testify on  this bill. Unfortunately, I will not be able to support it, and I hope  in the future that we can do better.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for saying it  quite well. The least we can do here is make sure that with these funds  we try to have some oversight and responsibility in terms of how they  are going to be spent. I thank the author for including this amendment  in the bill.   If there is no pay-for, then there must be some measure of  accountability for the expenditure of these funds ensuring the  Department of the Interior Inspector General's office has the proper  resources to monitor this spending.   Unfortunately, the bill in its current form has no sunset on the  mandatory spending of $1.4 billion, so I thank the gentlewoman for  including this in the package.   