 Mr. President, 12 years ago, the U.S. Congress was on the  precipice of passing historic climate legislation--legislation that may  not have been perfect but would have cut carbon pollution by 80 percent  by the year 2050, and it would have set us on a path to a healthier,  cleaner, safer world.   Unfortunately, despite that bill passing through the House of  Representatives, a bill which Congressman Henry Waxman and I were able  to craft and to move through the House of Representatives, even though  the Senate and the Senate Democrats had a supermajority, that  legislation was ultimately defeated by the same legislative body, the  U.S. Senate, that I serve in today. In 2009, the U.S. Senate chose to  do nothing rather than something substantial that would give us a  fighting chance against this generational crisis, which is why we have  spent the  [[Page S4027]]  last 12 years in the climate wilderness, with full-blown Republican  obstructionism and no meaningful congressional action on climate  justice all the while. That wilderness literally burns to the ground  because of climate change.   In the intervening decade, we have suffered the consequences of  climate inaction. Weather that used to be extreme is now the new  normal, and that normal is deadly. Our addiction to fossil fuels has  put communities at risk--worsening asthma, cancers, and disease in  general--and has exposed working people to criminal price gouging from  Big Oil and Big Gas.   Throughout this summer, the United States has experienced devastating  heat waves, putting 100 million Americans under heat warnings across  the country. People are dying in Kentucky. Children are dying in  Kentucky as a result of the extreme rain and floods--rain that still  hasn't stopped. Those are so-called 100-year floods. Well, now they are  happening on a weekly basis--in Kentucky. Over and over again,  communities throughout the United States are facing deadly wildfires,  storms, and droughts, all of which have become more frequent and more  severe over the last 12 years.   But instead of giving up after that missed opportunity more than a  decade ago, we reengaged. We rebuilt and reenergized a stronger,  smarter climate movement, one that expanded carbon calculators to  include climate justice; one that swapped complicated carbon trading  systems for direct funding for environmental justice communities in our  country; and one that exchanged an environmental-above-all strategy for  a 21st-century contract with communities, with the promise of climate  justice, well-paid union jobs, and cuts to climate pollution so all of  our children and grandchildren can thrive on a livable planet.   So let me be clear. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 is not the  Green New Deal that America wants and needs. I wish it were. But I have  learned a hard truth throughout my years in Congress: Perfect ideas can  only live on through imperfect legislation.   As the author of both the Green New Deal and the Waxman-Markey  climate bill, I know we cannot wait another 12 years for billions of  dollars in investment to fight the climate crisis. This is not the bill  we wanted. It is not the bill I would have drafted. But we need a  package now to fight for and resources to fight with.   This bill will not correct every economic injustice in our society or  rectify the economic disparities between Big Oil billionaires and  working families, but it starts a process that we absolutely need to  level the playing field.   The Inflation Reduction Act makes sure that every billion-dollar  corporation finally pays a higher tax rate than a preschool teacher.  Last year, a preschool teacher in Massachusetts paid 8 percent of their  average $39,000 salary in Federal taxes. ExxonMobil paid only 2.8  percent of their $9.3 billion U.S. earnings in Federal taxes. Chevron  paid a mere 1.8 percent of their $9.5 billion in U.S. earnings in  Federal taxes in 2021. A kindergarten teacher in Massachusetts paid 8  percent on $39,000 of income.   Who did more for America last year--all of our kindergarten teachers  or the executives at ExxonMobil and Chevron? Who contributed more to  our society?   That is our challenge right now to pass this legislation because the  status quo is immoral. It is outrageous. And unless we pass this bill,  that disparity is perfectly legal. They can evade their responsibility  to contribute to solving the problem which they created: the climate  crisis.   Right now, they are letting preschool teachers contribute more than  they are to a problem that families across our country are suffering  from. By passing the Inflation Reduction Act, we can make sure that Big  Oil finally pays more in taxes than preschool teachers. We can take  that revenue and reinvest it into clean energy and healthier  communities.   This bill will not give the climate movement the trillions needed to  confront the crises of systematic racism, economic inequality, a broken  health system, and climate injustice. But thanks to our relentless  fighting, this bill contains a historic $60 billion in environmental  justice investments.   Let me say that again: $60 billion will be in this bill to begin the  process of rectifying the problems for Black and Brown and indigenous  communities all across our country who have always been the victims of  climate change, of environmental injustice.   This has never happened before in any bill in U.S. history. It is in  this bill, finally. Now, that is the message of the Green New Deal.  That was something that was driving FOX News and the oil companies  crazy when we said we have to rectify environmental injustice as well  as part of the Green New Deal. It is in this bill. It is in this bill,  $60 billion. And that will begin to start righting the wrongs brought  by polluters in our most vulnerable communities.   This could be a downpayment on clean air and safer communities  everywhere, not just the suburbs, which have always breathed cleaner  air than inner-city communities because they don't plant these oil and  gas and other facilities in the suburbs; they put them right next to  what they believe are the least powerful communities in our country.   We know this bill will not get us to the critical mark of 50 percent  emissions reductions, 2005 levels, by 2030, which is the baseline of  what we need to meet our 2050 targets. However--however--this package  gets us to 40 percent reductions economy-wide, and, more importantly,  it puts our economy on an emissions reductions trajectory that  positions us to enact more clean energy and climate justice provisions  in the future to meet the 50 percent goal. Securing these emissions  reductions now is the start which we need, and we need it now.   This legislation reflects the largest single investment in climate  justice and environmental protection in our Nation's history. And it  meets the climate test. First, it reduces emissions, creates good- paying union jobs, and provides funding so that we can begin the long  process of repairing historic harms in our environmental justice  communities with that $60 billion investment.   Second, the bill lowers energy costs for consumers. Price-gouging and  tax-dodging big oil companies are charging Americans more than $4 a  gallon for gasoline, shaking money out of their pockets at the pumps  all across our country. And what we are going to do is just point to  the electric vehicle owners who pay an equivalent of 75 cents a gallon  right now in our country in order to go the same distance. And we are  going to open up this opportunity to tens of millions of additional  Americans once we pass it.   The Inflation Reduction Act provides tax credits to low- and middle- income Americans so they can buy a new or a used EV, break their  addiction to Big Oil, and save money on their daily commutes.   And, finally, the Inflation Reduction Act will make sure we make  things in America again. The domestic manufacturing tax credits in this  bill for the first time ensure that we will build electric vehicles,  solar panels, wind turbines here in our own backyard, in the United  States. American-made infrastructure means good-paying union jobs. And  a new study released today shows that this bill will create--get  ready--9 million new jobs in our country. That is what we are talking  about. That is what we will be debating on the floor of the U.S. Senate  over the next several days.   And I am especially proud of a provision I authored with Senator  Chris Van Hollen and Congresswoman Debbie Dingell that would fund a  national climate bank to ensure vulnerable American communities will  have access to capital to invest in local clean energy projects and  fuel a new generation of entrepreneurs from disadvantaged backgrounds.   How big is this program? Twenty-seven billion dollars and a climate  bank that communities across the country can apply to at the lowest  possible interest rates for their greening of their housing units, the  greening of any other part of their community. And what McKinsey has  estimated is that for every dollar that is in the bank, $27 billion, it  will unleash $7 to $10 of private sector investment--meaning we are  looking at $200 to $300 billion that are going to get unleashed just in  this section in that one program.  [[Page S4028]]    And critical Defense Production Act funding will ensure that we have  robust domestic supply chains to install heat pumps in American  buildings and responsibly source critical minerals for clean energy  technologies made in America.   We have to break this whole addiction that we have not only to  foreign oil coming into our country but also being dependent upon other  countries for the clean energy technologies. We are going to do it  here. That is what this bill says. We are going to tell people we don't  need your oil any more than we need your sand. We are going to do it  right here. We are going to build the technologies right here in our  country.   So my time in Congress has taught me this: We cannot let the perfect  be the enemy of the good. Ending up with nothing might be a viable  political option, but it is not a viable planetary option. This is a  good bill with broad-based appeal that lowers costs for consumers,  fights inflation with deficit reduction, protects our environment with  critical justice investments, and provides affordable healthcare access  to all Americans.    In 2009, zero was an option, which this Senate took. Zero is not an  option we can take. We must pass this legislation. And we will begin a  pathway for generations to come that says: We understood your anger. We  understood why you as a younger generation believe that the system had  failed you and that it had not provided the solutions which you  deserve.   So let's pass this bill and keep fighting the cities and States and  in the White House and in Congress so that we can finish the job in the  years ahead, meet our climate targets, and finally pass the Green New  Deal that our country deserves.   This is our moment. And the beauty of it is that there is a poetic  justice in it. And it is that Chevron only paid 2.8 percent on their  profits last year. ExxonMobil only paid 3 percent on their profits last  year. They are the ones who are going to pay for the solutions to the  problems which they created. They are going to be the source of the  funding because we are going to force them to finally pay their taxes,  to pay their fair share of the dues to live in this great country.   That moment of justice is arriving. And it is justice. They are the  ones who should be paying for this. They are the ones who have a moral,  political, and economic responsibility to pay for this bill. And they  right now are screaming; they are absolutely angry that we are going to  take this action. But I will tell you this. We are going to be forced  to do it with no Republican support because the GOP now stands for  ``Gas and Oil Party.'' It now stands for ``Gang of Polluters.'' That is  the GOP of today. And they are going to say: Oh, my goodness, look at  all the socialism that is going into this package for wind and solar  and all-electric vehicles and batteries. And you know what this young  generation's response is? What do you call tax breaks for oil, gas, and  coal for 100 years? If that is not socialism, what is? And all we are  looking for is fair treatment for the renewable energy revolution  because once we give them the same kinds of incentives, get out of the  way because we are going to have that revolution that young people in  our country have wanted for so long.   So it is all on us, the Democrats. It is our moment to deliver for  the American people and guarantee the resources we need to keep  fighting for the future we deserve.   And, by the way, after we have created those 9 million new jobs, that  is forever going to be a new political constituency in our country.  They are going to be saying to Senators who are going to vote no today:  What are you doing? You are voting against my new job that has been  created?   And so this is just the beginning. And we are going to telescope the  timeframe ultimately in order to finish the job.   Yes, we are now in a sprint to solve the problem because every night  on every TV station, the lead stories are: floods and fires and every  other imaginable consequence of climate change. And it is time, the  moment has arrived, and the U.S. Senate, with only Democratic support,  is ready to take the action that the younger generation in our country  has been ready for.   I thank you for giving me the opportunity of being here.   I yield the floor.   