 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I wanted to join in the comments made  by the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, which I  currently sit on, and my distinguished colleague on the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, who is the author of the Magnitsky Act.   I just hope--I came loaded for bear to the floor because I thought we  were going to have a different result, but I am optimistically going to  expect that we are going to have a resolution because, look, there are  burnt bodies in the streets of Ukraine. There are mass graves to bury  the dead. There are Ukrainians who are melting snow in order to drink  water to survive. So it is truly mind boggling that we cannot get this  legislation passed that eliminates Russia's preferred trade status and  reauthorizes the Magnitsky Act.    We see that Putin's actions are not only creating a horrific set of  circumstances in Ukraine; they are creating a severe shortage of wheat  across the Middle East and North Africa, bombing maternity hospitals  and theaters housing children, causing the worst refugee crisis in  Europe in decades.   While we have long called out Putin's thugishness, his unprovoked and  devastating attack on Ukraine has united the world in its resolve to  levy severe repercussions for Putin and his cronies. So we must revoke  this preferential trade status immediately. I think we should do the  same for Belarus, which continues to provide a launching pad for  Putin's war.   But, certainly, not including Magnitsky makes no sense. Now, it makes  no sense when last week I came to the floor and asked for unanimous  confirmation of a key number of nominees at the State Department and  USAID that are at the heart of helping the United States help Ukraine  on coordinating sanctions, on our USAID Director for that part of the  world, on the Assistant Secretary for refugees--millions of Ukrainian  refugees. We should have these people in place to do the job.   But we also have to have the law that is going to expire in place  that Putin hates. He hates it. It is named after someone he was trying  to eliminate. We have to continue to expand our options for keeping the  pressure on Putin's regime and those who enable him. Reauthorizing  Magnitsky is a critical part of doing just that.   With Magnitsky sanctions, we can hold human rights abusers to  account. We can call out their unacceptable and appalling acts, and we  can hand the President a powerful tool to sanction those who profit off  the Russian people and exploit state assets.   But if we don't act, Magnitsky provisions will sunset later this  year. Putin shouldn't be able to think: I can wait it out. He should  know that the law is going to continue and the sanctions that have been  levied under Magnitsky will continue to be levied and enhanced.   He wants to see this law go away. His oligarchs and top officials  would breathe a sigh of relief. Allowing Magnitsky sanctions to expire  would send exactly the wrong message at the most critical time.   This bill not only extends these tools; it sharpens them. This  reauthorization would expand sanctions to cover other serious human  rights abuses, giving the President the power to sanction a broader  array of conduct.   So we have to get this done today. We have to revoke normal trade  relations with Russia. We have to send an unequivocal message that  Putin's cronies cannot and will not act with impunity. They will pay a  price, and we must show the world that whether human rights abusers are  in Moscow or Minsk, America stands up for our values and our  principles, and we put them into action wherever they are attacked.  That is what this effort is all about.   I do hope that before this day is out, we will see this passed on the  Senate floor. There is no excuse not to get it done.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I  report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in  the Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save  the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these  nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of  Senators.   