 When I heard the horrific news from Uvalde, TX,  yesterday, I immediately thought of two things, my grandchildren, most  of  [[Page S2684]]  whom are in elementary school, and the 17 lives we lost in Parkland,  FL, 4 years ago. Our hearts are shattered at the loss of these small  children--19 children that are just in fourth grade and two teachers.  It is infuriating and heart-wrenching.   I can't imagine losing a child or a loved one. Unfortunately, there  are 17 families in Florida who don't have to imagine it. They know that  pain and live it each and every day. There is seldom a day that goes by  that I don't think about the families that lost their children and  loved ones that day. No community should feel the pain that families in  Parkland and Uvalde now feel. We will never be able to prevent every  vicious crime, but we can and must act.   There are solutions to be found at the State level and the Federal  level, and today, we can take action in the Senate to make our schools  safer.   I want to thank Senator Johnson for leading this bill and Senators  Rubio, Risch, and Grassley for their strong support of this legislation  and other efforts to keep our kids safe.   This bill, the Luke and Alex School Safety Act was named in honor of  Luke Hoyer and Alex Schachter. Luke and Alex were taken from us in the  shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on February 14, 2018,  in Parkland, FL.   Since that horrible day, I have worked closely with many of the  victims' families as Governor and now as Senator to do everything  possible so that no child, educator, or family has to experience that  again.   There is clearly a lot more work to do. This legislation, the Luke  and Alex School Safety Act, codifies a Federal school safety  clearinghouse by informing parents and educators on expert  recommendations and best practices that schools can implement to  improve school security. This bill builds on our work to keep schools  safe and prevent another tragedy.   Today, we can get something done that creates safer schools for our  kids and our teachers. I appreciate the work again of Senators Johnson,  Rubio, Risch, and Grassley and all of our colleagues.   As we continue to pray for Uvalde and the families that have suffered  this tremendous loss, I urge the Senate to pass this good bill and take  a step in the right direction that keeps our kids and teachers safe.    Reserving the right to object.   Throughout his presidency, Joe Biden and his administration have  shown an inability to place qualified and competent people in many  positions of power across the Federal Government. We have had crisis  after crisis due to the failed leadership of President Biden and his  appointees.   Americans have been left with no faith in President Biden's ability  to lead or appoint qualified individuals to serve in these important  roles. And this nominee, who will be in charge of critical healthcare  programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs, is no different.   I cannot and will not consent to allow this nominee to move forward  in an expedited manner.   We should take a vote so every Senator can get on the record with  their support or opposition to this nominee.   Therefore, I object.    I don't think we should do this in an ex parte  manner.    I don't think we should do this in an ex parte  manner. I think everybody should be on the record.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, at the end of April, I had the  honor of traveling to Germany, Poland, and Lithuania to meet with  American servicemembers and hear from high-level government officials  on the state of democracy in Europe as Russia wages war against  Ukraine. I returned to the United States with the reassurance that the  commitment of our partners and allies to defending freedom and  defeating tyranny has only grown stronger. I also returned with three  important takeaways that I believe must be central in America's  response to Russia's murderous invasion of Ukraine and must define our  commitment to supporting our NATO allies and preserving democracy.   First, America and our freedom-loving partners across the world must  renew our commitment to ``never again,'' support the massive  humanitarian efforts underway to aid Ukrainian refugees and those who  are helping them, and forcefully condemn the genocide occurring at the  direction of Vladimir Putin in Ukraine.   Let me say that again. First, America and our freedom-loving partners  across the world must renew our commitment to ``never again,'' support  the massive humanitarian efforts underway to aid Ukrainian refugees and  those who are helping them, and forcefully condemn the genocide  occurring at the direction of Vladimir Putin in Ukraine.   In 2005, my wife, daughters, and I spent 2 days visiting the  Auschwitz Memorial and Museum in Poland. Anyone who has had the  opportunity to walk the grounds of that place will tell you how  overwhelming it is to confront the horrors that occurred there. It is  out of these horribly dark places that the phrase ``never again'' was  born.   Following the liberation of the Nazi concentration camps, the world  pledged to never again allow genocide to take the lives of innocent  people, but today, Putin is choosing that path.   When I returned to Poland last month, I had the solemn honor of  participating in a Holocaust memorial ceremony alongside U.S.  Ambassador to Poland Mark Brzezinski in what was formerly the Warsaw  ghetto and laid a wreath there to honor the Jewish people who fought  the Nazi occupation. I also visited a refugee center serving the  thousands of Ukrainians forced from their homes and who have been  welcomed with open arms by the Polish people.   During the ceremony and as I walked through the refugee center, my  thoughts constantly turned to the atrocious attacks on Mariupol. The  leveling of that city and the mass graves found there in Bucha cannot  be ignored or dismissed as part of the war. These are crimes against  humanity. Children are dying. Families are dying precisely because they  are Ukrainian and won't do what the dictator Putin wants them to do.  This is genocide.    World leaders promise ``never again,'' but they are failing.   I thank God for the incredible hospitality of the Polish people to  welcome these Ukrainian families. I am grateful, too, for what other  European countries are doing to help them.   We must do everything in our power, using our voices, actions, and  resources, to support these humanitarian missions and forcefully  condemn Putin's genocide in Ukraine.   Second, we must continue to show full support to Ukraine and do  everything in our power to help it win in this war. That includes  approving delivery of the MiG-29 fighter jets that President Zelenskyy  has been requesting for months.   President Biden's blockade of these aircraft is an act of weakness  and makes no sense. If we want to prevent putting American men and  women on the battlefield, we need to give Ukraine every military and  intelligence resource it needs to fight and win this war. Most of our  NATO allies agree with this, but Joe Biden insists on standing in the  way and is actively helping Putin maintain dominance in the skies.   Vladimir Putin is a murderous thug. His unjust war intentionally  targets civilians and has taken thousands of innocent lives. This is  genocide.   The Ukrainians have shown that they are willing and able to fight  this war themselves and can defeat Putin. We need to let them do it.  When the war is over, accountability must be demanded and secured.  Putin and his thugs in Russia and Belarus must be tried for their  crimes in a war tribunal. They should never see another day of freedom  as long as they live.   Third and finally, we must recognize the importance of energy and  industrial independence from tyrannical and genocidal regimes like  Russia and communist China.   I have long advocated for American businesses to decouple their  operations from communist China. In March, I appealed directly to  American business leaders and urged them in an open letter to begin the  process of cutting ties with communist China and our dependence on its  supply chain and realign American businesses with U.S. values.   Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine shows exactly why decoupling  from evil regimes is so important, and Europe now understands this  better than anyone else. That is why we should applaud businesses that  have taken steps to end their relationships with these regimes and  applaud nations like Lithuania, Estonia, and Poland, which have taken  aggressive action to end their reliance on Russian energy.   Lithuania has also boldly stood up to communist China and supported  Taiwan. Their bravery is exemplary and deserves our support.   These nations are the exception to the rule in Europe, but their  leadership in forming partnerships with democratic neighbors like  Norway has proven critical to freeing them from the Kremlin's threats  of withholding resources.   To protect democracy and sovereignty from the influence of evil  leaders like Putin and Xi, we must commit to preferring to do business  with fellow democratic governments as much as possible. That is why I  have been demanding that Biden take immediate steps to put America back  on the path to energy independence, stop his appeasement policies with  the world's dictators, and end all trade talks with Venezuela and other  evil regimes.   I recently secured a commitment from Energy Secretary Granholm that  the United States would not import any oil from Venezuela or Iran. She  said so in an open and public hearing in the Senate Armed Services  Committee. President Biden needs to publicly reaffirm that commitment.   Our attitude should always be America first, but if it can't be made  in America, it must be made by a democratic partner or at the very  least one who seeks mutual benefit with us instead of our downfall.   Decoupling from Russia and communist China and other tyrannical  regimes will not be easy for many businesses or governments, America  included. This move won't occur overnight, but it is absolutely  necessary as these despots advance their plans for world domination and  continue to carry out assaults on sovereignty and democracy in Europe  and Asia, as well  [[Page S2688]]  as support dictators in Latin America like Maduro, Ortega, and the  Castro/Diaz-Canel regime. If America and our freedom-loving partners  are going to truly stand for democracy, we cannot do so while lining  the pockets of those who seek to actively destroy liberty and  independence wherever it exists.   Whether we like it or not, we need to recognize the evil in our  world. It exists in the Governments of communist China, Iran, North  Korea, Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua, and Russia. They want a different  world, one where the enemies of democracy, human rights, and sovereign  nations issue the orders and the United States and our allies do what  we are told. They will bully and crush anyone in their way if they are  allowed. I, for one--and I know I am not alone--will not accept this.   Out of this terrible conflict, America has an opportunity to reaffirm  our commitment to the security and independence of democratic nations,  strengthen our energy and industrial independence and partnerships was  fellow democracies, and stop genocide, renewing the promise of ``never  again.'' We cannot allow this moment to pass without creating this need  to change. The survival of democracy and the United States depends on  it.   I yield the floor.   