 Mr. Speaker, every year, there are  thousands of people who are victims of human trafficking in America.   Over the past two decades, the number of trafficking victims has  steadily and disturbingly increased.   Human traffickers subject their victims to forced labor, debt  bondage, or sexual exploitation by using violence, manipulation, or  false promises.   This criminal activity are not just human rights abuses; they  compromise national and economic security and harm the well-being of  communities everywhere.   The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) leads the Federal  Government's efforts to identify, disrupt, and dismantle complex  domestic and cross-border human trafficking organizations.   Given that multiple DHS components are involved in this effort, it is  important that there be standing and robust coordination mechanisms to  ensure the Department is working to combat this threat effectively and  efficiently.   That is why I support passage of the ``Countering Human Trafficking  Act of 2021,'' the Senate version of legislation introduced by my  friend and the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security,  Representative John Katko, and which I am a proud original cosponsor.   This legislation codifies DHS's Center for Countering Human  Trafficking, a cross-component operations center that brings together  16 DHS agencies and offices to ensure they are working collaboratively.   As Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, I have long  supported legislative efforts to improve the capabilities of U.S. law  enforcement to disrupt and dismantle these dangerous human trafficking  organizations.   Furthermore, Ranking Member Katko and I led an effort last year to  include important anti-human trafficking legislation in the ``National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.''   Known as the ``DHS Blue Campaign Enhancement Act,'' this legislation  improved DHS's communication and education materials on human  trafficking awareness and prevention.   I am confident that S. 2991 will build upon the success of the Blue  Campaign.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to come together to stand  against the exploitation of the most vulnerable among us and join me in  supporting S. 2991.   