 Mr. President, I hope the Senator from Wyoming will stay so  we might have a discussion.   Why has the price of gasoline gone up? Why did it start going up  about the same time that Joe Biden became President? Was it because of  the cancelation of the Keystone Pipeline? No. Most of the oil going  through the Keystone Pipeline was scheduled to be exported, so I don't  think that was it. Was it a pause in leases that wouldn't have produced  oil for 3 or 4 years? No. There are something like 8,000 leases that  are currently in place that aren't being drilled upon, so I don't think  that did it.   Do you know what caused gas prices to go up? The extraordinary  recovery that the economy went through starting in early 2021, after  Joe Biden became President--one of the quickest recoveries in our  history from a recession.   If you look back to the recession of 2007 and 2008, you see a slow--I  call it a lazy U. You see a downward of the recession, and then jobs  and the economy came back very slowly over 5, 6, 7 years. The recession  recovery from 2021, from the pandemic recession, is a V, and we  recovered virtually all of the jobs that were lost during the pandemic  in the last 14 months. GDP has grown as fast as it has in our history.  The economy came back enormously rapidly.   Oil was down in 2019 and 2020 because of the pandemic. Demand  collapsed--this is economics 101--demand collapsed, the price of oil  collapsed, and then the recovery came, and the demand increased, but  the production didn't increase.   Let's talk a little bit about oil in the United States. In 2021, half  of the oil produced in the United States was exported. Did that do  anything for our consumers? Did that do anything for the people who  were paying higher and higher rates for gas?   The White House doesn't set gas prices. Presidents are always blamed  for gas prices. I have never heard one given credit when gas prices are  low. But the truth is, the price of gas depends upon the price of oil,  and the price of oil depends on the world market, and the price of oil  in the world market depends upon supply and demand.   I am old enough to remember the Arab oil embargo in the seventies.  Why did prices go up so much? Because the OPEC closed down the source,  and supply dropped, and the price went up. That is economics.   So what happened during 2021? The price went way up. The oil  companies made the highest profits they have made in 8 years. What did  they do with that money? Demand is resurging. There is a need for more  oil. Prices were going up. What did they do? They put $100 billion into  buybacks from their stockholders, and they put that much--the  combination was $100 billion in buybacks and dividends.   They had a choice. Did they put the money into production, which  would have reduced the price because we would have higher supply? No.  They made a deliberate choice to give the money to their stockholders  to bump up their stock price, which I suspect may have had a positive  effect on the executive salaries, but they didn't increase production.   That is why we are in this problem that we are in now with high gas  prices. Of course, the war in Ukraine has exacerbated that because we  are cutting off purchases from Russia, which is one of the highest  producers of oil in the world.   So if the idea is--you know, I keep hearing my friends on the other  side trying to blame Joe Biden. If you want to blame him for anything,  blame him for the quickest recovery from a recession in recorded  history. And it was the recovery and the increase in demand that wasn't  met by an increase in production that caused these high prices.   I read a quote this morning in the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee. There was an executive who said: We made a promise to our  shareholders that we were going to be disciplined and we were going to  return the money to them.   He said: I guess the choice came down to keeping our promise to our  shareholders or being patriotic.   Well, we know what choice they made.   So all this talk about the Biden administration's war on oil and it  is what is causing what is going on at the pump--no. What is causing  what is going on at the pump is low supply and high demand. That is  what happened in 1972, that is what is happening now, and that is what  happens whenever you get supply and demand out of balance.   As far as exporting LNG to Europe, I am all for trying to help our  European allies. I am all for it. But we have to do it with open eyes.  The more we export LNG, the higher the price is going to be here in the  United States. Seven or eight years ago, the Australians went big into  exporting LNG, and their domestic natural gas price doubled, and that  is about what has happened here in this country. Five years ago, we  exported zero LNG production. Now, it is about 15 percent, but with the  plants that have been approved, it is going to go up to 25, 30, or 35  percent. That is going to impact prices here. That is going to be great  for producers, but it is going to kill the competitive advantage that  low gas prices gave this country. If it is $13 in China and it is $3  here, where do you think it is going to go?   That is what is going on here. This is nothing but economics. We need  to understand that what has happened is the oil industry made a  conscious decision last year--and when I say ``conscious decision,'' I  mean conscious. They had a choice: Do we invest in production and  increase supply or do we give money to our shareholders in the form of  dividends and stock buybacks? They chose the latter, and we are reaping  the fruits of that.   So I am tired of hearing that somehow a pause in leases on Federal  land  [[Page S1099]]  that wouldn't have produced any oil for 3 or 4 years is somehow the  cause of the high prices at the pump. That is nonsense. The cause of  the high prices at the pump is a lack of supply, and last year--talk  about energy independence--we exported half the oil that was produced  in this country.   We had a vote here 4 or 5 years ago, and we were told: If you allow-- exports of oil were illegal until 4 or 5 years ago. We voted to allow  it because we were told: Well, this won't really affect us because we  have an excess of supply. It won't affect prices here in this country.   Well, that hasn't proven to be the case.   So what I would like to see is for all of us to work together, to  think about--I am aware of policies involving pipelines and those kinds  of things, and I believe that we have to make fuel available and energy  available to all of our people. But let's be realistic about what is  going on and not turn it into a partisan issue.   The only partisan issue here is that we have had a startling and  extraordinary and, frankly, positive recovery of our economy. But we  didn't have a recovery of the production of oil, which leads to the  production of gasoline, which means a shortage, which means higher  prices.   So I am delighted to engage in this debate, but I think we really  ought to be trying to talk about the facts and talk about what is  really going on here and what is really causing this problem.   I always want to learn more, and I learn from my colleagues. And I  noticed that my colleague who just made the speech left, and he didn't  seem to want to engage on this, which I think is unfortunate. I hope  that perhaps here in the Senate we could actually have a debate and  talk about what the issues are and what the reality is and quit just  casting everything in a partisan way.   It has gotten to the point that, if Joe Biden walked out of the White  House and walked across the Potomac River, the other side would say:  The President can't swim.   Come on. Let's just talk about reality and not make everything about  what is good for the administration or bad for the administration.  Let's talk about what is really happening, and what is really happening  right now is we have got solid demand in this country. The economy has  come back, but we don't have enough production to meet that demand.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I certainly agree with the comments of the  majority whip.   My friend from Wyoming will be surprised that I think we have some  agreement on the issue of infrastructure.   When I was the Governor of Maine, we--we, the pipeline company but  under the auspices of the environmental regulatory policies in Maine-- constructed a brand new pipeline for natural gas from Nova Scotia  through New Brunswick and through Maine into Massachusetts. I believe  one of the problems we have is a lack of gas pipeline infrastructure,  and that causes higher prices than there should be in New England.   I think the Senator and I agree on that. Where we disagree is on the  extent to which any policies of this administration have affected the  price.   As the Senator just pointed out, the Keystone Pipeline wasn't  expected to deliver for another year or 2, and the express purpose of  the Keystone Pipeline was to take oil from Canada to the Gulf Coast for  export. It wasn't designed to service production in the United States.   As I say, the problem right now is that the high price of gasoline is  the result of the rapidity of the economic recovery, which is a good  thing. What is not a good thing is that the oil companies made a choice  last year to invest in their shareholders and their stock prices rather  than in producing oil.   I understand that to some extent because they took such a beating  during the pandemic. It dropped so fast that oil was actually trading  in negative territory for a period of time. Yet, once it became clear  that the economic recovery was on track and that demand was solid and  likely to remain so, that is when, I believe, those decisions about  buybacks and stock dividends should have been reexamined in light of  the need--the obvious need--for additional resources in this country.   So I appreciate this discussion. It is a rare day when actual debate  breaks out on the Senate floor. I am delighted to have been able to  have participated in it, but I think we ought to continue to remember  that the issue here is supply and demand. Politics can affect these  things on the margins, but the decisions of the producers are what  really determine whether supply will match demand. If it doesn't,  prices are going to go up, and the question then is, What do you do  with the profits? That is the decision that was made last year.   I deeply hope that the industry is reexamining that decision,  particularly in light of current prices and the situation in Ukraine,  and will ramp up production in a way that will bring prices down and  allow us to enjoy the full fruits of the recovery that we have seen,  not undermined by inflation, which has been led by the cost of fuel.   