 I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  to modify the previous order so that the Senate remains in executive  session until 5 p.m., with all provisions under the previous order  remaining in effect.    Mr. President, tomorrow, we will have an  opportunity to vote for students. Tomorrow, we will have an opportunity  to vote for parents. Tomorrow, we will have the opportunity to vote for  common sense in the U.S. Senate. Tomorrow, we will have an opportunity  to vote for my resolution to stop the Biden Department of Education  from destroying educational opportunities for millions of students and  their parents.   During the pandemic, we saw the devastating impact of prolonged  school closures on America's kids, especially kids living in low-income  communities.   Big labor unions orchestrated these shutdowns, and blue city  politicians fell in lockstep. They sided with union bosses over  parents, over kids, and over plain old common sense.   Now we see the tragic consequences. The 2022 NAEP scorecard shows the  largest drop in reading scores for 9-year-olds in more than 30 years  and the first-ever--the first-ever--drop in math scores, a 7-percent  decrease.   We warned them that this would happen. We said stop, stop letting  labor bosses make decisions. Parents--parents--are the ones who know  what is best for their kids. They need flexibility. They deserve  choice.   One of those options should always be high-quality public charter  schools. These charter schools continue to outkick their coverage. This  year, charter schools only represent 12 percent--12 percent--of all  public high schools, but they make up 22 percent of the top 100 public  high schools in our amazing country. That is nearly one out of four  amazing public schools is a charter school, even though only 12 percent  of all schools, all high schools, are charter schools.   Think about this. In Colorado, 85 percent of charter school students  met performance standards compared to only 66 percent of students in  district-managed schools.   Despite their proven track record of success for students, for  parents, and, of course, for common sense, the Biden administration  continues to attack charter schools. He campaigned against them. And  then as soon as he got in office, he directed the bureaucrats at the  DOE--the Department of Education--to put new restrictions on charter  schools desperately, desperately looking for funding. These  restrictions are a slap in the face to parents who are turning to  charter schools as a better alternative for their children.   Since the pandemic, charter schools have gained 7 percent--7 percent;  that is, 240,000 more students have chosen charter schools because  their parents are able to access common sense for their kids' education  path. That means hundreds of thousand of students are better off today  than they were before they had this option.   These are kids growing up in some of America's most devastated  communities, some of America's poorest communities, some of America's  most disadvantaged communities.   This is a game changer, not just for the students while they are  enrolled in these schools, but this is a game changer for the rest of  their lives. This is a game changer for them economically. This is the  fastest path to the American dream, what we all hope to achieve one  day. This is the game changer that we so often talk about.   We have seen the success of providing parents with more options right  here in Washington, DC, since the creation of the bipartisan--and let  me say that word one more time because sometimes here in Washington, we  don't think anything happens in a bipartisan fashion. But the DC  Opportunity Scholarship is a bipartisan coalition of Senators and  Congress members who came together to make sure that DC kids, since  2004, have had opportunity for quality education through charter  schools. Yes, 11,000 students, by the way--not 500, not 2,000, 11,000  students--from low-income families here in DC were able to receive  scholarships to attend the school of their choice, scholarships that  were provided by Republicans and Democrats in Congresses since 2004.   There is good news, by the way. The good news is that these students  attending these remarkable public charter schools graduate 91 percent  of the time--91 percent of the time. Compare that to students in the DC  area who do not attend a public charter school who are in the public  school system; they graduate only two out of three times, 66 percent.  Wow.   I can't imagine a world where my friends across the aisle who stood  with me to protect DC Opportunity Scholarships would not stand with us  today to protect more education options for kids all across America.   By voting for the administration's restrictions, my friends across  the aisle are telling these hard-working parents that labor union  bosses and bureaucrats know what is best for their kids better than the  parents themselves. That is plain wrong.   Here is what I know: The greatest difference between the haves and  the have-nots, it is not the color of your skin, it is not the  neighborhood you live in, it is not the income of your parents, the  biggest difference between the haves and the have-nots in our country  will not be solved by playing politics and putting labor unions in  front of your kids. The way that we close that gap, the biggest  difference between the two sides--the haves and have-nots--my friend  from Indiana, is education, quality education. It changes lives. It  sets poor kids on the right path.    I want to do for the kids today what was done for me when I was a  kid. I want to make sure that everybody understands that education is  the closest thing to magic in America, and I do mean a good education.   I yield the floor.   