 Madam President, there are a lot of important things that  we do here in the U.S. Senate, hopefully, every day; certainly, every  week, month, and over the year. But there are a couple of pieces of  legislation which are literally must-pass pieces of legislation. They  deserve an even higher priority than our day-to-day work here. These  must-pass pieces of legislation are critical to the function of our  government.   First, for example, government funding is critical so we can keep the  lights on and keep the government working on behalf of the American  people. If Congress fails to pass an appropriations bill, the  government will literally shut down and millions of government workers  will be left without a paycheck and the American people will be left  without the services that those government employees would otherwise  provide.   The good news is, at this moment, there appears to be little appetite  for a funding fiasco at the end of this fiscal year at the end of this  month. In a couple of weeks, I expect we will vote on a stopgap funding  bill to keep the lights on and the trains moving until the end of the  year.   Continuing resolutions like this, leading up to an end-of-the-year  omnibus appropriations bill, are never my first choice. My hope would  be that we would take up and pass each of the individual appropriations  bills on a timely basis and then bring them across the floor of the  U.S. Senate, pass them, and get them to the President for his  signature. But, unfortunately, that hasn't happened under the current  management.   There are other bills that receive the ``must-pass'' label. These  could be anything from farm bills to disaster relief. Each of these are  important. But, in my view, the ultimate must-pass piece of legislation  is the National Defense Authorization Act.   Each year, this is how we make sure that our men and women in uniform  have the support and the tools and the training they need and the pay  to compensate them for their service as well as the support their  families deserve, which is particularly important in an All-Volunteer  military. This is how we maintain our military bases, modernize our  weapons systems, and invest in the next generation of weapons.   It is how we take stock of the global threat landscape, which always  seems  [[Page S4557]]  like it is getting more and more ominous, and we make sure that our  country is prepared to counter even our most aggressive adversaries.   That is why Congress has passed a consolidated defense authorization  bill for each of the past 61 years. For 61 years in a row, we passed a  national defense authorization bill. But, apparently, the majority  leader, Senator Schumer, is contemplating not doing that this year.   A strong and ontime defense authorization act has always been  crucial, but this particular moment in history demands even greater  attention.   As we know, on February 24--nearly 7 months ago--Russia launched an  unprovoked war against Ukraine. Thankfully, the civilized world has  rallied around Ukraine, supplying it with the tools and weapons they  need not only to fight but to win this war.    At the same time, we know thousands of miles away, the Chinese  Communist Party and the People's Republic of China have become  increasingly hostile to the West and desperate to project its military  power. It continues, at the same time, to commit genocide against the  Uighurs and other ethnic minorities, and it is likely preparing an  invasion of Taiwan.   North Korea has declared itself to be a nuclear weapons state. Iran  is pursuing its own nuclear ambitions and a breakout for those nuclear  weapons, which is the point when they actually acquire one. It is  getting closer every day.   We know after the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan that the  Taliban, which once gave nurture to al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden,  attacked the Twin Towers and the Pentagon on September 11, 2001.   And, of course, the political instability from the disastrous means  or method by which we withdrew from Afghanistan, literally turning over  billions of dollars to the Taliban and weapons that they never would  have otherwise been able to acquire, has created a tremendous amount of  instability in the region, where already Pakistan and India warily eye  each other, both of whom are nuclear powers.   So given the walk around the globe and the identification of these  multitude of threats, you would think that passing a defense  authorization act would be the highest priority for the U.S. Congress  and particularly the Senate.   If you think about it, all of the freedoms and the standard of  living, the quality of life we enjoy in this country, our prosperity,  are all directly related to our ability to keep our country safe and  keep the American people safe. That should be our No. 1 priority.   But the truth is, we can't match these stakes. We can't rise to this  demand and this need with continuing resolutions and past-due  authorizations.   Our men and women in uniform need to prepare and train every day, 365  days a year. And if we don't pass a defense authorization act now, we  will be stealing time that we already don't have.   General MacArthur, who became famous in the Korean war, said the  history of failure in war can be summed up in two words: ``too late''-- too late.   Now, our colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee, on a  bipartisan basis, under the leadership of Senator Reed, a Democrat, and  Senator Inhofe, a Republican, have compiled a strong bill that would  strengthen and modernize our national defense. But the Senate Armed  Services Committee completed its work on July 18. Here we are,  September 13.   Senator Schumer, the one who sets the agenda for the U.S. Senate, has  yet to bring that bill to the floor. Of all of the must-pass bills that  I hear discussed in the media and among our colleagues, rarely are  people talking about the Defense authorization bill.   The Presiding Officer succeeded John McCain in the U.S. Senate. John  McCain was, of course, not only a war hero; he was a proud patriot. And  he was a bear of a man to deal with. But I dare say, if John McCain  were alive today, we would be on a defense authorization bill before we  break for the midterm elections because he would not let anyone rest if  we broke or threatened to break that 61-year consistent threat of  meeting that No. 1 priority obligation.   I was hoping that the Senate would consider the Defense authorization  bill this month and give our planners at the Pentagon and our  commanders the predictability they need, as well as our military  families the support that they deserve and need, not to mention our men  and women who are on the frontlines fighting to protect our country,  the tools and the training they need in order to do their job. I was  optimistic that given the clear and present danger of the situation we  are living through now, the threat landscape, and the desire to show  our bipartisan support for our military, that we would, naturally, make  this the 62nd year consecutively to pass the Defense authorization  bill.   The only other must-pass item on the Senate's to-do list this month  is to keep the government funded, and the Democratic majority has  already committed to the short-term extension until the middle of  December. So there is just no excuse for putting off the annual Defense  bill. But for some reason, to this point, Senator Schumer, the Senate  majority leader who sets the agenda in the Senate, does not seem to  agree that is an urgent, must-pass piece of legislation.   I know there is bipartisan support to encourage him to bring this  bill up, but so far he hasn't been swayed. The Defense authorization  bill seems to be at the bottom of his priority list, below judicial  nominations and a bill to codify a right to marry that is not even in  jeopardy.   Given everything that is going on in the world, there is simply no  reason to delay consideration of the Defense authorization bill. In  fact, there is every reason to do it on time and for the 62nd  consecutive year.   We all know that American strength and leadership are vital to global  security and equally vital to protecting our homeland. The Senate  simply should not ignore its responsibility when it comes to our  readiness.   Now, one of the things that concerns me the most, because he is not  talking about this being a priority, is that he will try to stick this  Defense authorization bill on an appropriations bill at the end of the  year, sort of as a cleanup, but if he does that, he will effectively  deny Senators floor time to offer debate and to actually have votes on  the bill and how to improve it.   One amendment I intend to offer if given the opportunity is a bill I  introduced with Senator Shaheen from New Hampshire which would help  replenish our defense stockpiles.   As we all know by now, the United States has provided Ukraine  unprecedented defense aid--Stingers, Javelins, grenade launchers, small  arms, ammunition, and so much more. This assistance is not a handout.  This is not a charity project. As much as we want to see Ukraine  prevail, our material support for Ukraine is not entirely altruistic.  The United States isn't just investing in a Ukrainian victory; we are  also putting our resources toward a Russian defeat. We are trying to  help snuff out the fire before it spreads even further west. We know  what Mr. Putin's aspirations are; it is to restore the great Russian  Empire that existed when the Soviet Union existed.   We know that there is a delicate balance to strike here. Our support  for Ukraine cannot come, should not come at the cost of our own  military readiness. And we have requirements way beyond just Ukraine,  as I mentioned earlier--the People's Republic of China, North Korea,  Iran.   The United States is a global power, and we have to be ready whenever  and wherever the threat arises. We have to be able to replenish our  weapons stockpiles quickly so we are ready whatever may come our way.  Unfortunately, there are a lot of bureaucratic hurdles in the way.   I was shocked when I saw that the Pentagon is not in a position to  replace the Javelins and Stinger missiles that we provided Ukraine  because they don't have an operating production line, and they said it  may take a couple of years. I know that our friends and allies in  Europe that are providing weapons to the Ukrainians have every  expectation that the United States will replenish those stockpiles of  weapons so that they can defend their country and meet their NATO  obligations.   So the level of unreadiness at the Pentagon to meet the current need  is shocking. The Defense Department can't place an order for more  Javelins and then have them show up at the Pentagon 5 to 7 business  days later. It  [[Page S4558]]  simply doesn't work like that. The process of purchasing,  manufacturing, and deploying this lethal aid takes a lot of time,  which, to be frank, we do not have.   Senator Shaheen and I have recently introduced a bipartisan bill  called the Securing American ARMS Act to remove some of the hurdles and  the bureaucratic delay in replenishing those stockpiles. It will give  the Department of Defense the ability to fast-track the procurement  process. That includes times like these when the United States is  providing defense articles to an ally or a partner that is under armed  attack by a U.S. adversary.   Our bill would also give the Defense Department the ability to  expedite the delivery of defense articles to our allies and partners in  need. This will allow us to continue to provide critical support to  Ukraine--but not just limited to Ukraine--all without compromising our  national defense or our ability to meet other obligations around the  world.   I appreciate Senator Shaheen working with me on this bill, which now  has more than a dozen bipartisan cosponsors.   When the Senate finally begins consideration of the Defense  Authorization Act, I hope this legislation will be a part of it. At the  same time, as a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence,  I am hopeful we can also reauthorize the U.S. intelligence community,  which usually takes a ride on the Defense Authorization Act.   The hard-working men and women of the intelligence community carry  out missions day in and day out that inform key policy decisions and  the work of the U.S. military. Of course, being intelligence operators,  their work is not acknowledged necessarily like a member of our  uniformed services, but their service is vital to our missions and our  interests around the world.   One great example of the role the intelligence community played in  the runup to Russia's invasion of Ukraine was that our intelligence  community was able to provide skeptical allies with irrefutable proof  of Russia's intentions and showed exactly what Russia was planning  before February 24. I have no doubt that this intelligence contributed  to the unified response in the days and weeks following. And we engaged  in enhanced information and intelligence sharing on a real-time basis  that I think has helped facilitate Ukraine's strong national defense  and now counteroffensive that they are currently engaged in, trying to  recapture some of their territory that Russia has previously occupied.   I want to particularly recognize the chairman and the ranking member  of the Senate Intelligence Committee--Senator Warner, a Democrat from  Virginia, and Senator Rubio, a Republican from Florida--for their  leadership in helping us pass the Intelligence Authorization Act  unanimously in July. Like other authorization bills, this outlines  funding levels for the intelligence community, but it also contains  legislative oversight of America's intelligence apparatus.   Strong oversight is crucial to ensuring accountability, while  enabling our intelligence professionals to accomplish the complex and  difficult missions the American people demand of them. With the ongoing  war in Ukraine and threats from China continuing to grow, we need  intelligence at the speed of relevance. This is how we help assure  everyone, from our policymakers to our warfighters, that we will have  the tools to maintain America's preeminent global position and ensure  the defense of our homeland.    I appreciate the hard work of Senator Rubio and Senator Warner to  advance this reauthorization, and again, I hope, when we take up the  Defense Authorization Act at some point, that it will be included.   So, Madam President, let me just conclude where I started. The  National Defense Authorization Act is a must-pass piece of legislation.  We have passed it for 61 years in a row. Yet, when I hear Senator  Schumer, the majority leader, talk about things we need to do before  the midterm elections, I don't hear a peep out of him on his intention  to move that Defense Authorization Act.   Providing for the common defense is one of Congress's most basic  responsibilities. If we can't keep the American people and our  democracy safe, we will have failed in our first and most urgent duty.  There is far too much at stake to let the NDAA linger on the Senate  calendar for more months. So my hope is that the majority leader will  bring this bill to the floor this month and provide Senators who are  not on the Armed Services Committee an opportunity to participate in  the process by debating and offering amendments like the one I  described earlier so we can strengthen our national defense at this  critical moment in our Nation's history.   I yield the floor.   