 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California  for yielding time.   I am addressing H.R. 7283, the Safeguarding Treatment for the  Restoration of Ecosystems from Abandoned Mines Act, or the STREAM Act.  It has been accurately described up to now as a responsible,  commonsense, technical fix to the Department of the Interior's  Abandoned Mine Lands Reclamation Program. It is a small change, but it  will have a large, long-lasting, positive effect on State efforts to  clean up legacy pollution from coal mining.   Specifically, the bill allows States to hold back 30 percent of  existing allocations for long-term operating and maintenance costs of  abandoned mine land reclamation.   When rainwater and river water runs over oxidized pyrite in abandoned  coal mines, it turns color, and the whole area becomes toxic. The  damage can last for hundreds or even thousands of years if nothing is  done to fix it.   In my beautiful State of Pennsylvania, acid mine drainage, or AMD,  affects over 5,000 miles of waterways. No one wants to live or work  near these dead zones in rivers and streams.   The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission estimates an annual loss of  $29 million in revenue from recreational fishing in such areas.   We know how to fix the problem. Cleaning up acid mine drainage always  creates jobs, brings back recreation opportunities, boosts local  economies, and makes communities healthier and stronger and much more  attractive to visitors and new investments.   Acid mine drainage requires costly, ongoing maintenance, and H.R.  7283 helps pay for that ongoing maintenance. It is not a new idea. The  legacy Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Program, which has been on the  books for years, currently allows States to set aside up to 30 percent  of their annual regular abandoned mine lands allocation to cover the  long-term costs of operating AMD treatment facilities and maintaining  them over the long term.   It is optional, and States have to enact their own programs to engage  in the program. Eleven States have done so, so far. Pennsylvania, West  Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Maryland,  Virginia, Tennessee, and Alabama have chosen to do so.   H.R. 7283 opens the innovation door by making up to 30 percent of all  AML funds available for such acid mine drainage projects if States want  to go that way.   There is no mandate here. It is their choice. Nothing in current law  or the STREAM Act is mandatory, and nothing in the bill raises or  authorizes any additional Federal spending for abandoned mine land or  acid mine drainage work.   What it gives States is the important option of restoring waterways  and maintaining those restoration projects for many years to come.   It is a responsible way to spend this money by extending it out over  time so that we don't blow it all at once and then let existing mine  reclamation areas fall apart. The STREAM Act can take existing Federal  allocations for AML cleanup and make it last a very long time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his support. I thank  Representative McKinley, to be sure, for his leadership in the House on  this effort, and I thank all the other bipartisan cosponsors of this  bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill.   