 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the need to  immediately increase our domestic energy production to counter Russia's  invasion of Ukraine.   For an energy-rich nation such as ours, it is unacceptable that our  country has been increasingly reliant on Russia for oil. In recent  months, we have imported nearly 600,000 barrels per day of Russian oil.  At the same time, the Biden administration has worked systematically to  shut down domestic U.S. oil and gas production.   American oil and gas producers, including those in North Dakota, have  proven that they have the capacity to produce more oil here at home. We  had gotten to 1.5 million barrels of oil a day production; now, 1.1  million barrels a day.   We can do more; other States can do more. We need to do it not only  for our consumers here at home but to help our allies in Europe.   Our economy, quality of life, and security depend on access to low- cost, dependable energy from all sources, both traditional and  renewable.   The Biden administration's hostile energy policies treat America's  abundant oil, gas, and coal reserves differently, and they treat it as  a liability.   We are seeing the direct consequence of that approach, allowing  investment and dollars to flow to energy producers like Russia, Iran,  and other countries that leverage their own energy against our  interests, with little or no regard for environmental stewardship;  whereas, our environmental stewardship is the best in the world.   It is time we harness our vast strategic energy reserves and maintain  our status as a global energy powerhouse.   President Biden will soon deliver his State of the Union Address, and  it is time he works with us to support our domestic energy producers  and abandon his failed approach to energy policy.   Each additional barrel of oil we can produce here at home strengthens  our economic and national security and helps our allies. Each  additional U.S. barrel offsets production from Russia and other  adversaries. Each additional barrel of oil helps reduce prices for  American consumers, and because energy is built into virtually  everything we consume, lowering energy costs helps bring down  inflation. That means empowering and encouraging our domestic producers  and reversing the Biden administration's policies that curtail  production.   To start, the Interior Department needs to immediately end the  leasing moratorium and hold previously postponed lease sales, both  onshore and offshore.   We need to expand our energy infrastructure to ensure efficient  delivery to consumers. That includes approving the Keystone XL  Pipeline, which is legislation that I led, and we passed during the  Obama administration. Now, it was vetoed by President Obama, but it was  my bill. We approved it in this Chamber, approved it in the House, got  it to the President, and the President vetoed it. If he hadn't, we  would have Keystone Pipeline today, bringing millions of more barrels  of energy to our country and to our allies, working with our closest  friend and ally, Canada.   We need to strengthen our energy trade with Canada--as I said,  obviously, one of our most important allies.   It also includes building new natural gas pipelines to connect areas  like New England to domestic gas reserves in Pennsylvania and West  Virginia.   We need to expand liquefied natural gas--LNG--exports to our European  allies to provide cleaner, more efficient alternatives to Russian gas.   The gas that we send from our LNG facilities to Europe, on a  lifecycle basis, has 41 percent less emissions than Russian gas.   I will soon be introducing the American Independence from Russia Act,  bicameral legislation, with Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers,  which requires the President to provide Congress with an energy  security plan that, first, evaluates U.S. oil imports and exports;  second, assesses our energy security risks based on oil imports; and,  third, encourages U.S. domestic oil production to offset Russian  imports. This is all about a return to regulatory certainty to protect  our capacity to produce energy, and that means helping producers  attract capital investment.    It is time we unleash the full potential of U.S. energy producers to  strengthen our energy independence and weaken authoritarian adversaries  like Russia and others. In addition to strengthening national security,  robust and domestic energy production will help provide lower energy  costs and relief from inflation for hard-working American families. We  need to unleash our energy resources for the sake of our own consumers  and our allies.   I yield the floor.   