 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 2023 National  Defense Authorization Act. This measure fulfills our duty to strengthen  our national security and to serve those who serve us.   That is particularly true of the efforts of the Seapower and  Projection Forces Subcommittee which, pursuant to Article I, Section 8  of the Constitution, has responsibility to provide and maintain the  Navy.   Our subcommittee has a record $32.6 billion for shipbuilding,  authorizes procurement of 13 battle force ships, and fully funds the  Navy's number one priority, the Columbia Submarine Program. It funds  high-end warfighting capabilities, including three destroyers, two  Virginia-class subs, and two fast frigates that will fill a critical  need to conduct antisubmarine warfare. This bill also blocks the early  termination of the LPD production line and sets a statutory floor on  amphibious warships.   The bill invests a record $750 million in our submarine industrial  base to grow its workforce and manufacturing supply chains across the  country, which is critical to maintain production cadence. It fully  funds the Maritime and Tanker Security Programs and designates the  Maritime Administration as the lead agency to design and construct up  to 10 sealift vessels, built by American workers, for use in the  National Defense Reserve Fleet.   It also takes an important step in furthering the Australia, U.K.,  and U.S., AUKUS, security agreement. It authorizes entry of Australian  submariners into our naval nuclear training programs to provide them  with the experience necessary to command their own nuclear-powered,  undersea fleet of the future.   For aviation projection forces, it authorizes procurement of five  additional tactical airlifters, two Osprey tiltrotors, and two early  warning aircraft. It also authorizes full funding for the B-21 Raider  and sets statutory floors for the C-130 and aerial refueling tanker  fleets.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, which passed out of our committee with strong  bipartisan support--and I particularly salute my ranking member,  Rob  Wittman--provides our Nation with the capability to assure allies,  deter conflict, and defend our homeland.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bill.   