 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R.  6267, to designate the post office located at 15 Chestnut Street in  Suffern, New York, as the Sergeant Gerald T. ``Jerry'' Donnellan Post  Office.   I am humbled to honor the late Sergeant Jerry Donnellan, whose memory  brings great pride to all of us in New York's 17th Congressional  District.   Mr. Donnellan was a Valley Cottage native and a three-time Purple  Heart recipient who served in Vietnam as a U.S. Army sergeant. During  an ambush, he was wounded and lost his lower right leg to a grenade. He  underwent countless surgeries and extensive physical therapy before  returning home to Rockland County in 1970.    Against all odds, Mr. Donnellan persevered. He learned to walk again  alongside his newborn son. He even pursued his passion for theater and  built a successful career as a stage manager for nearly two decades,  including for Frank Sinatra.   But he never lost his love for public service. In 1986, when he  learned of high rates of servicemember and veteran suicides, Mr.  Donnellan was moved. He became a veterans counselor at Rockland  County's Veterans Agency Office.   In 1992, he was appointed Rockland County's commissioner of veterans  affairs. During his tenure, Sergeant Donnellan created local Chapter  333 of the Vietnam Veterans of America and started a veterans' health  clinic. He helped create Camp Shanks Museum in the town of Orangetown  and established the Rockland County Buffalo Soldiers Award to recognize  the contributions of Black veterans.   He helped to start the Memorial Day watchfires in 1987, the year I  was born, and established the Rockland County Public Service Medal to  honor those who served in Afghanistan and Iraq.   Sergeant Donnellan never relented in his advocacy for our veterans  and their families. He embodied selflessness as a soldier and civilian,  treating every veteran and every person with the respect and dignity  they deserve.   Today, we honor Sergeant Donnellan's life and his legacy. His  commitment to serving our country and our fellow Americans should  inspire us all.   