 Madam President, this evening, the U.S. Senate will be  voting on the most extreme legislation on abortion ever considered in  the history of this body. The deceptively named ``Women's Health  Protection Act'' is more accurately called the ``Abortion on Demand  Until Birth Act.'' No wonder it is being held on a Monday, as we call  these the flyback votes, in the midst of this crisis in Ukraine--that  it be tonight that they want to slip in this vote, the most extreme  abortion vote ever--ever--considered in the history of this body.   This bill would force every single State to be a late-term abortion  State. This bill allows abortion up until the very moment of birth  itself. That is simply infanticide.   This legislation goes beyond codifying the wrongly decided Roe v.  Wade case and would ban many lifesaving State laws currently in effect  that limit abortion and enjoy the broad support from Americans, I might  add.  [[Page S821]]    When our Founding Fathers laid out the founding principles of America  in the Declaration of Independence, they talked about life; they talked  about liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The bottom line is, you  can't have liberty and you can't have happiness, or even the pursuit of  it, without first having that inalienable right given by God, and that  is the right to life.   The ``Abortion on Demand Until Birth Act'' would impose a horrifying  abortion regime across the land that violates the right to life and is  completely contrary to the kind of Nation America is and aspires to be.   In this bill's America, every State, despite the voices of its own  citizens, would become New York or California, where abortion is  celebrated and unborn children are denied the most basic human rights.  In this bill's America, a pregnant mother could elect to have a birth- day abortion for a full-term, 8-pound baby on the day of the baby's due  date. In this bill's America, late-term abortions could be committed on  demand through brutal dismemberment procedures in which the unborn  child bleeds and feels excruciating pain as she dies from being pulled  apart, limb from limb.   In this bill's America, an unborn baby could be cruelly targeted for  abortion because the parents learned she was a girl or that she might  have Down syndrome. In this bill's America, parents would not know or  have any say over whether their young daughter has a life-altering  abortion. In this bill's America, vulnerable women and girls could  receive dangerous, do-it-yourself chemical abortion drugs by mail  without ever seeing a doctor in person.   In this bill's America, pregnant mothers would be denied the  opportunity to see the ultrasounds of their babies. In this bill's  America, a doctor or a nurse who doesn't want to perform an abortion  could be forced to do so in violation of his or her deeply held moral  or religious beliefs. That is specifically struck out in this bill--the  religious exemption.   In this bill's America we would be only one of seven countries-- seven--including brutal regimes like North Korea and China, that would  allow abortion-on-demand after 5 months of pregnancy.   In this bill's America, a baby bald eagle or a baby sea turtle still  in its eggshell would be protected under Federal law while an unborn  child at any stage of pregnancy could be brutally killed with no  repercussions for the abortionists. In a nutshell, this radical bill  would make the United States of America one of the most dangerous  places in the world to be an unborn child.   According to a Marist poll just last month, the overwhelming majority  of Americans reject abortion-on-demand up to birth and especially its  imposition by the Federal Government on the States--71 percent of  Americans, including 70 percent of Independents and 49 percent of  Democrats, want abortion to be limited, at most, to the first 3 months  of pregnancy.   Sixty-one percent of Americans say abortion should either be illegal  or the policy decision should be up to the States. Rather than listen  to the American people--who don't want late-term abortion or a Federal  abortion mandate--the ``Abortion on Demand Until Birth Act'' would  enshrine in Federal law the most far-reaching goals of the predatory  abortion industry.   We are just a few weeks or months away from a pivotal point in our  Nation's history. I pray in the Dobbs Mississippi late-term abortion  case that we will see the Supreme Court right a historic injustice and  overturn Roe v. Wade. This will return the power to protect unborn  children to the people's representatives at the State and the Federal  levels, to modernize our laws to catch up with great advances in  science, technology, and medicine that indisputably show the humanity  of a child in the womb.   I would challenge anybody listening to these remarks tonight to take  their smartphone and Google ``15-week baby'' or ``20-week baby'' and  press on ``Images'' and look at that image.   Instead, the ``Abortion on Demand Until Birth Act'' ignores the  science entirely and would erase unborn children and even the most  modest protections of their right to life in the laws of every single  State. It is completely indefensible. It is extreme. It is an egregious  violation of the most fundamental of all human rights, and that is the  right to life.   I pray and I urge my colleagues to reject this horrific, barbaric,  extreme legislation that the Senate will vote on here in the next  couple of hours and take a stand for defending the most vulnerable  among us.   I yield the floor.   