 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  8351, the Formula Act.   I appreciate Mr. Blumenauer and his willingness to work with me on  this bipartisan effort to address our Nation's infant formula shortage.   The Formula Act makes infant formula more accessible and affordable  by allowing it to be imported duty-free through the end of the year.   Make no mistake: Mothers and families should never have to experience  the extreme despair of worrying whether shelves will be stocked with  the formula they need for their infants.   As a father of two, including a 1-year-old, I think I can speak for  many others across America that nothing is more important than the  health and well-being of our children.   The Biden administration knew of the looming infant formula shortage  for months and yet failed to develop a strategy or adequately respond.  While we wait for domestic production to fully resume, families should  not have to pay additional taxes on imported formula to feed their  little ones.   I will continue to work with my colleagues on the Ways and Means  Committee, as well as the full House, to use trade tools to strengthen  critical supply chains like infant formula.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Murphy), a member of the Ways and  Means Committee.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I appreciate the dialogue that we have been having here today. I  think it is important, as my colleague just mentioned, that we work  together to make sure this doesn't happen again.   I think we need to look across the Federal agencies to make sure that  these very powerful agencies that have the power to shut down an  industry, perhaps, that they have to plan ahead for what happens if  that occurs so that people don't suffer as a result.   When we hear the statistics that 90 percent of stores didn't have  something, that means they had none, not just more expensive product  that we see across the economy. It is hard to believe that the  inflation rate is announced at 9.1 percent when it sure seems like  things are a lot more expensive than just 9.1 percent more than last  year.   The fact of the matter is, let's work together to prevent this  formula situation from ever happening again.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am finished, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   