 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker for yielding. I do  want to congratulate and thank Ella, who Speaker Pelosi just mentioned,  for 34 years of service to Congress, including 22 in the Democratic  cloakroom.   It didn't matter what we were saying or what we were fighting about  here, but when people walked back in the cloakroom, people were more  united for all your help. So thank you for all that work.   I hope you have a very happy and healthy retirement spent with your  family and granddaughter, Christina. It is definitely well-earned, and  the Nation is better for your service. Thank you.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Patricia Smith--or as everyone  around here knows, ``Miss Pat,'' who is retiring from the House this  Friday after 46 years of service. I spent a little time with her  daughters today, and her one daughter told me she was only 3 years old  when you first came here to work. I could see the love in your  daughters' eyes and how much they honor you and respect you.   Miss Pat is one of the kindest, most humble, most decent public  servants I have ever met. We are excited about celebrating her today.  For all of you, you have got to know, this isn't the only award that  she won today. I will talk a little bit about that in a minute.   For 36 years, Miss Pat has run Cafe Helen, the sandwich and snack bar  in the Republican cloakroom. If anyone questions her ability on her  food, you can look at all of our waistlines to know how good she is.   The cloakrooms are a space for Members to relax, to speak, and thanks  to Miss Pat, enjoy a quick snack, a hot dog, or a sandwich.   Miss Pat began working in the House dining room in the Longworth  Building. She soon joined the legendary Ms. Helen in the Republican  cloakroom. When Ms. Helen retired, Cafe Helen became Miss Pat's domain.   Whenever the House is in session, Miss Pat is here in the cloakroom.  Whether we are voting at 2 a.m., 2 p.m., or early in the morning--the  one thing you have got to know about Miss Pat, she does not like to  stay up late. She would tell us that a time or two. We should take her  advice, too.   She would stay up until 2 a.m., go to the grocery store the next  morning and be right back here for breakfast. As all of you know, it is  tough to handle a lot of us, especially when we are hangry at times,  too.   You have been the motherly advice, the humble servant, the individual  who provided us the food, but also provided us the wisdom when we  needed it at times as well. We thank you for that.   To every Member she encounters, Miss Pat is more than part of this  institution. She is part of the family, just as we are part of her  family, as well. Many times, Members will bring their spouses or  special visitors or constituents, and they come into the cloakroom.  Many of us that are Members think, oh, they are bringing them because  they want to meet us and take a picture with us. They would walk right  up to me and right by me because what they really wanted to do was  introduce Miss Pat to their family because that is what you have meant  to us and that is what you will always mean to us.    You have always been that humble one in a town of spotlight seekers.  Miss Pat is a lighthouse shining a path for us with her motherly advice  and words of wisdom. You always had humility, but you always had faith,  and you shared it with us.   I guess when we sit through this--when I talked about this isn't her  only award, earlier this morning we presented her with one of the  highest  [[Page H9719]]  awards that Congress can give to a staff, the McCormick Award for  Excellence, named after the former Speaker.   When you walk the halls over here you will see a big plaque with the  names of each individual who has won it through the years. It was named  after the Speaker, on who we can honor as a staffer who cared about the  institution--not about a party, but an institution. For 46 years you  have lived up to that.   Now, it is my honor to present you with this flag that has been flown  over the Capitol in your name. And for all the Members, we will put it  back in the cloakroom, and why don't you come by and sign it.   On behalf of the Republican Conference, this Chamber and the Nation,  I want to thank Miss Pat for her unwavering commitment to this  institution.   Thank you for your service. But remember, as a family we are always  here for you, and we hope you will continue to always be there for us.  Thank you and God bless.   