 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues  to defeat the previous question so that we can immediately consider  H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act.   As a father of four, I know just how important it is to families  across the country that our schools stay open and our kids keep  learning.   I want to pause for a moment to highlight what we are hearing right  now. I fully appreciate my Democrat colleagues talking about  federalism. I am very supportive of that in the face of sweeping  Federal mandates that are going to inflict an enormous workforce burden  on all of our private-sector companies in my district with a Federal  vaccine mandate. We are trying to say: Don't do that. That is not the  right approach.   I am hearing the same thing, that it is not the right approach to  tell each school board what they are doing. Let me set just a clear  concept of what we are talking about here. There is Federal money  involved. We want school boards to make decisions--I have even  incorporated it into my speech that I will share here in a minute--to  use these Federal dollars that are designed to help keep schools open.   We need to make sure that these schools stay open. Let's all embrace  federalism. That is the goal. President Biden just realized it a few  weeks ago when he said we can't solve this at the Federal level. We  fully embrace that.   In-person learning is critical for our children's well-being. From  mental health to reading and math skills, American students are  struggling.   COVID is spreading, and we can embrace commonsense precautions,  embracing federalism, like masks and testing, where relevant. But our  kids need to be in the classroom.   Rolling school closures are exacting a staggering toll on our  children, particularly those with special needs or those who are  already vulnerable or behind academically.   Low-income families with parents who work outside the home are most  at risk when schools shut down. Moms and dads race to find makeshift  childcare just to be able to go to work and feed their families, and  vulnerable kids fall further and further behind on their schoolwork. We  cannot fail these students.   Congress allocated $54.3 billion for the Elementary and Secondary  School Emergency Relief Fund to help schools reopen and stay open.  Those funds must be used to prioritize the expenses that keep schools  open.    Madam Speaker, I am grateful for Utah's educators  and superintendents who are working hard to do what is right by our  students. They are working hard; I see it. Families across the country  are trying the best they can, and we must commit to supporting them in  return.   A vote for the previous question is a vote for our students and our  future.   