 Mr. President, I ask unanimous that Senator Fischer and  I be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes each before the vote.    Mr. President, when Democrats blew up the filibuster  for nominees some 8 years ago, Republicans warned then that they would  regret that move when the tables were turned. It seemed like such  short-term thinking on the Democrats' part, but I have said before that  progressive ideology has many Democrats convinced that they are, so to  speak, on the side of history in the long run.   If you believe history is heading only in one direction and that  direction is your way, you don't worry about the pendulum swinging  back. That explains why they broke from 200 years of precedent to  filibuster conservative judges nominated by President George W. Bush  and then expressed shock and outrage when their own precedent was used  against them under President Obama. That ideology also explains why  Democrats can passionately defend the filibuster one day as a vital  protection for the minority and then just months later, after taking  control of a 50-50 Senate thanks only to the Vice President's tie- breaking vote, call the filibuster racist.   The phrase ``demography is destiny'' as applied to politics today is  another version of progressive ideology. The assumption with  ``demography is destiny'' is that ethnic minorities who tend to vote  Democrat are bound to vote that way forever, so they support an open- border policy, with a push for amnesty, even if it green-lights human  trafficking and lets the lethal fentanyl pour into the bloodstreams of  young Americans, driving down life expectancy in our country.   Progressive Democrats assume more Hispanic citizens means more votes  for them and then, somehow, a permanent majority.   Let me remind you that Republicans thought that, after the elections  of 1994 and 2010, that we would have a permanent majority. It didn't  work out that way. Just like the Irish and Italians of the late 1800s  and early 1900s, Hispanic citizens who have assimilated into the fabric  of our Nation do not vote as a bloc.   So, just maybe, that is why the left seems increasingly desperate to  stoke identity politics and racial division. Such thinking leads to  counterproductive calls to, as an example, defund the police, followed  by a desperate attempt to do a 180-degree turn when crime spikes and  the very communities they sought to pander then end up suffering.   Remember how so many prominent Democrats felt compelled to defend and  justify rioters they deemed to be on their side? Now Democrats insist  not just on prosecuting January 6 rioters, as we should with all  rioters, but on weaponizing that horrible day for political purposes.   They decry disinformation. They decry conspiracy theories on the  right about the election while perpetuating conspiracy theories on the  left. Remember the absurd claim that because the Postmaster General  supported President Trump, absentee ballots wouldn't be delivered in  the 2020 election? It caused a lot of unnecessary worry for many Iowans  who vote absentee.   Democrats call for supporting our elections while at the same time  touting false claims of systemic voter suppression, deeply undermining  faith in our democracy.   Democrats do not seem to support America's democratic institutions  for those democratic institutions' own sake. But if the Democrats are  convinced that they are not just right but on the right side of  history, institutions are only worth preserving so long as they can be  used to advance their own agenda. You cannot have respectful  disagreement with someone on the wrong side of history. In fact, you  demonize those people.   This kind of thinking pits neighbor against neighbor and drives  wedges within our communities. This sense of division comes up in every  one of my 99 county meetings in Iowa. I sense Iowans are fed up with  this poison.   I yield the floor.   