 Madam President, I came to speak to the Senate about  Police Week as we honor the law enforcement officers who made the  ultimate sacrifice.   Before I do that, we know that Putin was shocked by two things. He  was shocked by the amazing resistance and the strength and the  resiliency of the Ukrainian people and the effectiveness of their fight  back. Putin really couldn't believe that happened.   The other thing that Putin was shocked by was the skill with which  President Biden put together this international coalition of countries  that were not part of this in the past, part of something--Germany,  Switzerland, Sweden, Finland--countries that now a couple of them want  to be in NATO, and that really is the skill of the leadership of  President Biden.   And I know, in spite of the Senator from Texas's comments--I know  that most mainstream Republicans support what President Biden has done,  support his work on putting together sanctions--first, providing aid  for the Ukrainian people, the humanitarian aid, refugees going to  Moldova, going to Poland, going to other parts of Eastern and Central  and Southern Europe, and the skill with which he has gotten and the  success with which he has gotten weapons to the Ukrainian people and  the skills with which he put together sanctions.   The Presiding Officer, as a member of the Banking and Housing  Committee, has been part of that with sanctions, and it has really made  a difference in keeping these countries together at the fastest pace we  could do it but keeping them together.   So most Republicans support what President Biden has done. But, you  know, I am not saying that the Senator from Texas is part of this, but  I have heard Congresswoman Cheney, who is nothing if not a conservative  Republican, daughter of a very conservative  [[Page S2573]]  Vice President, active in the Republican Party and Republican  leadership--she talks about the Putin wing of the Republican Party.   Again, I am not saying that she includes the Senator from Texas in  that category. I don't know if she does or she doesn't. I didn't hear  her mention names, but I do know that she thinks that a number of  Republicans are part of this Putin wing of the Republican Party, and it  is despicable, but it is true, and it is disappointing to all of us.   And I would add, too, that the Senator from Texas, maybe he missed  the news as he was talking about chips, computer chips, about  semiconductors. Intel made a huge announcement that they are coming to  Ohio. They are going to invest billions of dollars. They are going to  hire 5,000 building tradespeople--5,000 tradespeople--over a 10-year  period to build these fabs. Imagine the size of that. I have never seen  anything like that.   So I am excited about what we are doing, and that is why it is so  important what Senator Wyden and I and others are doing on making sure  that we pass the USICA--the Innovation and Competition Act. It is so  important to our country. It is so important to workers. We are finally  putting workers at the center of our economic policy, and that is a  thrill.   And as President Biden said on the Senate floor, we are finally  burying the term ``Rust Belt.'' We are burying it in Columbus with  Intel. We are burying it in Northwest Ohio with solar manufacturing. We  are burying it in Southwest Ohio with a new generation of jet fuel and  jet engines. We are burying it in Cleveland with what we are doing with  NASA. We are burying it in Youngstown with our manufacturing camps and  all that we are doing for America Works.    Sure.    Madam President, I take back my time.   I have heard no Democrat talk about--I have heard nobody talk about  the Putin wing of the Democratic Party. No Democrat believes that.   I hear just down the hall 100 yards, Congresswoman Cheney talk about  the Putin wing of the Republican Party. I am not in intraparty fights;  I am only pointing that out.   I want to get to this. We expect a vote soon after 6, and I want to  get back to my remarks. I appreciate the engagement of Senator Cruz on  this issue    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  scheduled vote be called immediately.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   