 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana. I  appreciate Mr. Johnson for having this Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, according to a recent New York Times poll, more than 77  percent of Americans think that the country is on the absolutely wrong  track--and they are right.   Inflation is at a 41-year high. Small businesses cannot afford to  stay open. Real wages are down 4 percent. Skyrocketing prices are  costing Americans an extra $500 or more per month. Essentially,  hardworking Americans are paying more for almost everything while they  are taking home less. Why?   Well, the answer is simple. Joe Biden and the Democrat party have put  politics over your prosperity. Think about that. Over the last year and  a half they have repeatedly shown us that their green fantasy is more  important than you being able to feed your family or fill up your car  with gasoline.   The administration says that we are in an ``economic transition  moment.'' Yes, this inflation was supposed to be temporary and  transitory, according to the administration, but prices have risen for  14 straight months since that announcement was made. You don't need to  be an economist to agree.   We are undoubtedly in a state of transition. The real question is:  What are we transitioning into?  [[Page H6910]]    My colleagues across the aisle avoid this question at all costs  because the facts just don't back up their fictitious answers. Let me  tell you the truth.   You don't need to like Donald Trump to accept the fact that our  economy prospered under his leadership. You don't need to be a  Republican to accept the fact that our Nation flourished under free- market, small-government policies--policies that allowed Americans to  thrive without Big Brother interference.   You don't need to be in politics to accept the fact that our country  has been in a perpetual state of crisis under President Joe Biden. Our  economy is plummeting, our southern border is nonexistent, our military  is shrinking, and our standing on the world stage is in rapid decline.   So, to answer the question of what we are transitioning into?   Well, under the left's woke agenda, America will transform into a  broke, borderless, weak, socialist Nation unable to compete  internationally or defeat those who seek our very demise. It is a very  frightening future, and one that we as the GOP cannot let come to  fruition.   