 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of S. 321, the ``Six Triple Eight'' Congressional  Gold Medal Act.   Mr. Speaker, with our world so interconnected today, we can sometimes  forget how big the role of mail played in our daily lives before  electronic technology came about. This especially rings true for those  who left home to defend our Nation in times of war.   As stated by the Smithsonian's National Postal Museum: ``For members  of the Armed Forces, the importance of mail during World War II was  second only to food. The emotional power of letters was heightened by  the fear of loss and the need for communication during times of  separation.''   The importance of morale-boosting letters was well-known back home in  the United States, and many answered the call to send letters to the  U.S. military fighting in the Great War. However, getting these letters  to the Americans on the front lines was an arduous task.   By February 1945, warehouses in Birmingham, England, had a backlog of  millions of pieces of mail. This is where the Six Triple Eight Central  Postal Directory Battalion forever changed history.   Going back a bit, on July 1, 1943, Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed  into law legislation that established the Women's Army Corps, better  known as WACs. Early on, this corps consisted of only White women, and  even when African-American women were admitted into the WACs, the  recruitment was limited to only 10 percent.   Additionally, those who did enlist served in segregated units; they  participated in segregated training; and  [[Page H1154]]  they lived in segregated areas. Despite the overt racism and  segregation, a total of 6,520 brave African-American women served in  the Women's Army Corps.   In November 1944, despite slow recruitment of volunteers, a battalion  of 817--and later, 824--enlisted personnel and 31 officers, all  African-American women drawn from the WAC, the Army Service Forces, and  the Army Air Forces, was created and eventually designated as the Six  Triple Eight Central Postal Directory Battalion.   Upon arriving in Birmingham, the unit got right to work creating  effective processes and filing systems to track servicemembers and  organize ``undeliverable'' mail. They were so efficient that they  cleared a 6-month to a year backlog in only 3 months.   Spurred on by their motto, ``No mail, low morale,'' these brave women  cleared an average 65,000 pieces of mail per shift, ensuring that our  servicemembers had the ability to hear from loved ones back at home and  to sustain the high morale that was needed.   Since World War II, the Six Triple Eight has received the European  African Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, the Women's Army Corps Service  Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal for their service. Today,  we should add the Congressional Gold Medal to this distinguished list.    I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Representative  Gwen Moore from Wisconsin, the author of H.R. 1012, for her work to  bring recognition to these brave women. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I believe we are in a period of dueling reserves, trying to  accommodate colleagues who are en route. But I would elaborate. As a  prior enlisted servicemember, never serving in a field of combat, just  getting a letter from home when you were away on a deployment, or even  from the very moment you went to basic training, in those days, you  didn't have cell phones, text messages, emails, instant messages, web  chat rooms and all these things, so your lifeline was the postal  service.   Frankly, I owe to the mail service that delivered letters to me while  I was a cadet at West Point a big part of the courtship that led to me  marrying my wife. We dated the whole time we were there. We looked  forward to letters. We did have pay phones back then, so you would wait  in line for the pay phone that augmented the letters.   It is heroic what these women did, as we think about other things  that have changed, thankfully, the period of time where it was looked  upon with skepticism that women could serve in our military, or African  Americans, men or women, in any other way could serve. The idea that  they were segregated in every way through this whole period of history  is, I think, shocking to people today.   But this was really a key piece of our history in allowing this  transition. So I think it is fitting that they are recognized with the  Congressional Gold Medal, and I encourage, once again, all of our  colleagues to support this bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just conclude by saying yes, I am  prepared to close, and I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 321. I  yield back the balance of my time.    Would the gentleman consider yielding to Mr. LaTurner?    I do.   The Speaker pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman reclaims  his time and is recognized.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. LaTurner).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   