 Mr. President, last month, in a completely  partisan process, Senate Democrats pushed through their progressive and  deceivingly named Inflation Reduction Act. That bill was a disaster, as  it was full of reckless tax increases and spending.   Perhaps the worst part of it was that it authorized $80 billion in  new funding to the IRS--$80 billion. For reference, that is about the  same as what we allocated for Florida's entire State budget when I was  Governor, and Florida is the third largest State in the Nation. Even  though the IRS does a poor job with the resources it currently has, the  Democrats opted to supersize the IRS so they could fund 87,000 new IRS  agents, some of whom will be armed and willing to use deadly force to  carry out their duties.   So, while the Democrats are calling to defund the police and are  leaving our Border Patrol agents without the tools they need to secure  the southern border, they are happy to enlarge the IRS. We don't even  have 20,000 Border Patrol agents--a quarter of the number of new IRS  agents the Democrats want; yet they have now approved 87,000 additional  IRS agents. That is insane.   That many agents under the direction of President Biden should  concern every American. We all remember that when Joe Biden was Vice  President, the IRS went after conservative groups and Tea Party  organizations. Now, armed with tens of billions in new funding and tens  of thousands of new agents, what is stopping Joe Biden from directing  the IRS to go after groups he doesn't like? What about pregnancy  resource centers or Second Amendment groups?   Here is what the Democrats are doing: They are turning the IRS into a  super Agency to audit more Americans so they can fund even more of  their reckless tax-and-spend agenda. Let's not forget that last year,  the Democrats wanted the IRS to spy on nearly every American's bank  account and track one's everyday transactions. American families can  see straight through Biden's plans, and they are furious. We all should  be furious.   Without a single Republican vote, the Democrats authorized 87,000  more IRS agents--doubling the size of the Agency--all to pull as many  dollars as they can away from hard-working families and small  businesses so they can fund liberal projects and appease their radical  base with more government bailouts.   Case in point: Biden's illegal order to transfer student loan debt  from borrowers to taxpayers. Someone has to pay for the hundreds of  billions of dollars of debt that these borrowers voluntarily took on.  Now, instead of the borrowers paying for their own educations, that  burden is now borne by every American taxpayer. You didn't go to  college? The Democrats don't care. You will pay the debt of lawyers and  doctors. Have you already paid off your loans? Biden doesn't want to  hear it. Tough luck. Your taxes are the money pot for other people's  student debts, and if Democrats are going to keep declaring everything  to be free, Biden is going to need a lot more taxpayer money.   That, my fellow Americans, is how we get full circle back to the  supersized IRS. It is a vicious cycle to fund a radical, socialist  agenda. We have to stop it now.   I am here to do what countless Floridians have asked me to do--strike  this terrible policy from law. It is time to rein in the Federal  Government, and that work begins with putting a stop to Biden's IRS  army. My bill would simply repeal this disastrous IRS expansion, and I  ask all of my colleagues to support it.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4798. I  further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I agree with my colleague that  if you owe taxes, you should pay your taxes, but what is inconsistent  with what my colleague just said is that we had an amendment vote that  would say that none of these agents could go after anybody making less  than $400,000 a year. Every Democrat, I believe, in the Senate voted  against that. So the goal is, absolutely, we should make sure that  wealthy taxpayers pay everything they owe, but we had an amendment that  would make sure this was focused on wealthy taxpayers--this was during  a vote just before we left on recess--and every Democrat voted against  that.   For all of those who are watching, here is what you are going to see:  The Democratic Party has created a platform to audit more Americans-- not just wealthy Americans but all Americans. This isn't about  fairness; this is about power. The Democrats want to spy on your bank  transactions, and they want to send 87,000 more IRS agents on the  streets to collect the bill for their reckless spending.   Joe Biden has pitched his provision in the image of Robin Hood taking  from the rich, but in reality, this expansion is in the image of the  Sheriff of Nottingham stealing from the poor and the working class.   None of us should be surprised the Democrats are doubling down on the  radical IRS expansion policies. We all should be pretty mad. When the  Republicans take control of Congress in January, you can expect that we  will do everything in our power to repeal this terrible policy.   I yield the floor.    The easiest way to solve my colleague's issue  would have been to propose an amendment to make sure that we didn't go  after taxpayers making less than $400,000 a year, but not one Democrat  did that. All they did was just vote against this and then after the  fact say: Well, it was a language issue. If it were simply a language  issue, we could have solved it that night.   I yield the floor.   