 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Moran  and I be able to complete our remarks prior to the scheduled votes.    Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting American manufacturing and support the nomination of Reta Jo  Lewis to be President of the Export-Import Bank. As President of Ex-Im  and chair of the Bank's Board of Directors, Ms. Lewis will lead our  Nation's official export credit Agency as it supports U.S. workers and  manufacturers, especially in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and throughout our  country. Ex-Im's job is to support American businesses in the face of  competition--so often, unfair competition from countries like China.   Ms. Lewis is the leader we need in the fight to help U.S.  manufacturers compete globally. She has 25 years of distinguished  leadership experience in international affairs, law, and public policy.  She is a historic nominee as the first Black woman to lead Ex-Im.   She serves as a senior fellow and director of congressional affairs  at the German Marshall Fund, where she leads bipartisan efforts to  strengthen transatlantic cooperation. Before joining the German  Marshall Fund, Ms. Lewis served in the Obama administration as the  State Department's first-ever Special Representative for Global  Intergovernmental Affairs.   She will put American workers and exporters first. That has been the  hallmark of this administration--putting workers at the center of our  government; putting workers at the center of our economic policy.   Ms. Lewis understands that Ex-Im is vital to these manufacturing jobs  and our Nation's economic competitiveness.   There are some 100 export credit agencies and credit programs around  the world that support foreign manufacturers. China's export finance  activity is larger--China's is larger--than all the export credit  provided by the G7 countries combined. That alone is reason to move  forward on Ex-Im. We know that the Chinese Government used export  credit as a weapon to win manufacturing business in critical sectors  and to undermine American companies and American workers. We must be in  a better position to compete.   We have had so much good job news in Ohio over the last few weeks. It  is not a coincidence that for the first time in my lifetime, we have a  President who leads by talking about workers, who leads by talking  about unions. As a result of his leadership, we are seeing more job  creation in Ohio. We have seen more jobs created in 2021 than in any  number of years in the past. We are seeing now tens of thousands of  manufacturing jobs--Intel, Hyperion, GE Aviation--coming to my State.  It is all made possible because we are putting workers at the center of  our economy.   Look at the results we are getting. Last year--this is worth saying  like five times--last year, for the first time in 20 years, our economy  actually grew faster than China's. Our GDP grew faster than China's  GDP. Again, that is because we have a President of the United States  who puts workers at the center of our economic policy, who understands  that carrying a union card means better wages, better benefits, and  more control over your work schedule.   But we know that China and our other competitors aren't giving up.  They are constantly finding new ways to cheat, new ways to undermine  American jobs. That is why we need every tool possible to compete,  including a fully functioning Export-Import Bank with an experienced,  tenacious leader at the helm. Jobs in Ohio and jobs around the country  depend on Ms. Lewis's success.   I urge my colleagues--as we voted overwhelmingly on cloture--I urge  my colleagues to support the nomination of Reta Jo Lewis for the Ex-Im  Bank.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call  be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent that the scheduled vote occur  immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, we have had so much good news in Ohio and  across the country over the last few weeks--rising wages, record job  growth, a million jobs in 2 months.   Intel is bringing 10,000 new good-paying manufacturing and trades  jobs to Central Ohio. That facility will be built by union workers-- electricians, carpenters, laborers, pipefitters, and other workers of  the skilled trades.   Hyperion, a fuel manufacturer, is opening the largest factory built  in Columbus in a decade, creating 700 jobs.   GE Aviation with Boeing signed a new deal exporting planes built with  next-generation jet engines developed in Southwest Ohio, supporting  thousands of Ohio jobs.   As I was flying into Columbus with Senator Portman a couple of weeks  ago to join Intel to announce those jobs, I was thinking: Today we are  finally burying the term ``rust belt.''   For too long, corporate elites on the coast have used that outdated,  offensive term--a term that demeans our workers and devalues our work.  Now Ohio--the center of the country, the heart of the industrial  Midwest--leads the way in the next generation of manufacturing.   The State that founded the auto industry and gave us the Wright  Brothers is today making the most advanced chips that go into cars and  phones and appliances.   All of this is made possible because we are putting American workers  at the center of our economy. It is not a coincidence we are seeing  this record job growth, when we finally have a President who  understands what carrying a union card means, who centers workers, who  cares about wages, who comes from the industrial heartland--a union  card that means better wages, a union card that means better benefits,  a union card that often means a more flexible work schedule that  workers have a decision and input into forming.   And look at the results we are getting. Last year, for the first time  in 20 years, our economy grew faster than China. Think about that. For  the first time in two decades, the American economy grew faster than  China's economy.   We know that China and other competitors aren't giving up. They are,  every week, trying to find new ways to cheat, new ways to undermine  American jobs.   We need every possible tool to compete. It is why last year in the  Senate we passed the Innovation and Competition Act. We passed what we  are now calling the Make it in America Act. It is a serious effort to  invest in manufacturing research and development and bring and build  supply chains back in the United States.   It is going to mean jobs. It is going to bring down prices. For too  long, we have had a trade policy and a tax policy lobbied in this body  by corporate interests that wanted to move overseas for cheap labor. We  have had a trade and tax policy that essentially hollowed out  manufacturing in Ohio and across the Midwest. Ohioans know what  permanent normal trade relations with China 20 years ago when Congress  passed it--to be asked of corporate America and pushed by people like  Newt Gingrich--people know what that did to our economy. Almost  everyone knows the devastation the North American Free Trade Agreement  caused to industrial towns in Ohio and across the country.   PNTR and admitting China to the WTO hasn't gotten the same media  attention, but Ohio steel companies and  [[Page S564]]  other industries know how big a problem it has been. It is how we ended  up with empty factories, lost dreams, supply chains that are too long,  too fragile, and that stretch all over the world instead of made in  America.   That is why I wrote the Leveling the Playing Field Act that was  passed into law in 2015. It is why Senator Portman and I are working to  make sure that our bipartisan Leveling the Playing Field Act 2.0 is in  the competition bill, the Made in America Act the House passed last  week.   Leveling the Playing Field has been critical for Ohio companies,  allowing them to file and win trade cases against foreign companies  that cheat the rules. We know our competition hasn't stopped coming up  with new ways to skirt these rules and distort the global market to  benefit their own companies.   The Chinese Government still subsidizes steel. The Chinese Government  engages in economic espionage to steal American trade secrets to prop  up their own state-controlled companies.   Look at the most recent conviction of a Chinese spy trying to steal  GE Aviation's pioneering jet engine designs to swipe them and take them  back to China. We need our trade laws to keep up.   Both the Senate and the House bills include the CHIPS Act to invest  in new semiconductor production in the United States, like the new  Intel factory coming to Licking County, east and north of Columbus.  Even though the United States started the semiconductor industry, today  those vital chips are mostly made overseas.   Fewer than 10 percent of chips are made in this country. Right now,  75 percent of chip manufacturing is in Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, and  China. It has meant severe shortages and long waits for those chips  that are critical inputs to so many of the products Americans rely on.   We need to bring the supply chain back home, starting with Intel in  Ohio, by passing the CHIPS Act. We must invest in domestic  manufacturing innovation. It is what Missouri Republican Senator Blunt  and I worked together to do with our provisions in the Senate bill to  create more manufacturing hubs across the country.   The first one, as many in this body remember because they voted for  it, was in Youngstown some years ago, something called America Makes.  All of us in the Senate and the House need to get to work immediately  to get these bills over the finish line.   If you want to get a sense of how important this is, how strong these  bills are, just look at what China is doing. The Chinese Communist  Party is lobbying furiously against this bill. That is right. The CCP  and its cronies, the communist party in China, are lobbying against the  bill that invests in American innovation, supports American  manufacturing, takes on unfair and illegal trade practices. They are  scared, pure and simple.    They know that pro-competition bills--the Make it in America Act-- will have real consequences for their cheating and their trying to  undermine American workers.   A Reuters headline from November: ``Beijing urges U.S. businesses to  lobby against China-related bills in Congress.''   I will say it again: ``Beijing urges U.S. businesses to lobby against  China-related bills in Congress.''   Unfortunately--I won't name them on the floor, maybe I should--but  there are U.S. businesses that are lobbying against this because they  do enough business in China, exploiting Chinese workers, evading any  environmental laws or worker safety laws that may be in place.   The Chinese Government threatens these American companies, recruiting  them to lobby against the interests of American workers. This time we  are not rolling over. We are going to stand up for American innovation,  stand up for American manufacturing, stand up especially for American  workers.   As I said, we have a President now who puts workers at the center of  our economic policy. We have a President who puts workers at the center  of our economy. We have a President who is not afraid to talk about  unions, knowing carrying a union card means a better life for workers.   We are going to get a strong bipartisan bill that increases our  economic competitors. We know how to speed up our supply chain and  lower prices and end our reliance on China: make more things in this  country.   That is the solution to many of our economic problems: make it in  Ohio. I urge my colleagues in both parties and both Chambers to go to  work. Let's get this done for American workers.   I yield the floor.   