 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition and urge my colleagues to oppose  the Levin amendment. What most concerns me about this amendment is  subsection (c), which extends last year's incineration moratorium on  all PFAS in firefighting foam and does not fix the underlying drafting  problems from that enactment.    Specifically, the scoping provisions in section 343 do not limit the  moratorium only to the Department of Defense but captures ``materials  sent to another entity or entities.''   In doing so, this ban continues to present ambiguity about who is  subject to the incineration moratorium, potentially extending the  temporary ban from just the military to any entity or person.   Moreover, this amendment contravenes the Federal law governing these  matters: The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Practically  speaking, if the executive or judicial branches of our government adopt  this interpretation, it would have profound policy implications on  waste, storage, and disposal practices in our country.   Of greatest concern, a policy like this has the real potential to  overwhelming existing landfill capacity and leave few viable disposal  options for Americans.   Again, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Levin amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, as I said, I rise in opposition to  the Ross amendment, and I urge my colleagues to join me.   This amendment would be an implementation nightmare for the EPA, and  the regulated stakeholders would have no choice but to comply or try to  comply.   The current provisions of the Toxic Substances Control Act require  the EPA to issue final regulations compelling anyone who manufactured  PFAS--back to 2011--to report detailed information about the chemical  and its manufacture to the EPA.   Last fall, the EPA already proposed regulations to implement TSCA  section 8(a)(7) and began taking public comment on it. The proposed  regulation uses a definition of PFAS that is structural, and the agency  believes it will capture 1,364 PFAS chemicals.   The Ross amendment would massively expand the EPA's definition of  PFAS to any PFAS containing at least one fully fluorinated carbon atom.  Just going off of EPA's master list of PFAS, the number of PFAS covered  could jump from slightly over 1,300 to more than 12,000--that is a 10- fold increase.   In addition, the Ross amendment makes no changes to the deadline the  EPA must issue these regulations, meaning the EPA will have to scrap  its current rulemaking and expedite a new one that gives very little  opportunity for public input.   Furthermore, under this amendment, the universe of new parties that  would need to report is unknown and could be huge. And because of the  retroactive nature of the reporting requirement, there may not be  complete records to fulfill the amendment's broad reporting mandate.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, like so many other amendments that  I have heard here tonight, this is one that really befuddles me that it  is in the NDAA. This is something that should be adjudicated in the  jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Committee, not something that  we should be trying to tag onto the NDAA.   This amendment simply tries to do too much, too fast, and too soon.  It dispatches the scientific assessment of the agency about how to  address it and disregards the public's input on the process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the Ross amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   