 Mr. President, I am coming down to the floor to speak  briefly on our efforts to protect women's access to birth control and  contraception, but before I do, I just want to note something that  happened here today that was really odd.   So a few weeks back, we came together and had a consensus bipartisan  vote to stand up for our veterans. A number of Republican and  Democratic legislators here in the House and the Senate worked together  to develop something called the PACT Act.   This is groundbreaking legislation, decades in the making, that  provides veterans access to healthcare for exposure to toxic chemicals,  exposure that comes through being subjected to military burn pits-- these are pits where a lot of toxic chemicals and plastics are burned  at military installations--but also for exposure to chemicals like  Agent Orange.   So we had an 84-to-14 vote here just a few weeks ago in favor of the  PACT Act and then the bill came back to the Senate due to some  technical corrections having nothing to do with the substance of the  bill. And yesterday the vote went from 84 to 55. Thirty Senators  reversed their vote, and the bill failed. All 30 of those were  Republicans.   What happened in 2 weeks that convinced 30 Republicans, who  previously thought it was a good idea to help veterans, to decide  instead to tank a bill that was helping veterans?   There are really only two explanations.   The more charitable explanation is that 30 Republicans just changed  their minds; that 3 weeks ago they thought it was a good bill, helping  veterans was a good idea, and 3 weeks later they decided that it wasn't  a good idea; that they would rather spend that money on somebody else  instead of our most vulnerable veterans.   Now, that would be pretty fantastic to have 30 Members of the Senate  change their minds on the merits of a bill, especially a bill that  helps veterans, the most vulnerable veterans in this country, veterans  who are dealing with cancer and respiratory illnesses.   The less charitable explanation is this. Republicans are mad that  Democrats are on the verge of passing climate change legislation and  have decided to take out their anger on vulnerable veterans because  that is the other thing that has changed in the last 3 weeks.  Republicans thought that Democrats weren't going to be able to pass a  bill asking corporations to pay a little bit more, tackling climate  change. Yesterday, news emerged that there is an agreement that makes  it likely that a climate change bill is going to proceed on the Senate  floor, and, magically, 30 votes flipped.   That is the less charitable explanation because that would be pretty  horrific if Republicans were mad about a climate change bill and  decided to take out their anger on veterans--on vulnerable veterans.   So maybe in the coming days we will figure out which one it was.  Maybe we will figure out if 30 votes flipped because the merits of the  bill dictated that flip or maybe we will find out that Republicans have  decided to just take out their anger about the reconciliation bill on  veterans. Either way, this is not a good day for veterans in this  country.   Democrats are standing up for veterans. We are going to keep voting  for the PACT Act. We are going to bring it back. But 30 Republicans who  thought helping veterans was a good idea just 3 weeks ago all of a  sudden abandoned the cause.   