 Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today once  again to talk about what is happening in Ukraine. This is the 10th time  in the 10 weeks of session since before the invasion started that I  have come to the floor to talk about the atrocities being committed in  Ukraine by this brutal and unprovoked invasion from Russia and to talk  about more effective ways for us to help the Ukrainian people.   I just spoke to the Ukrainian Ambassador to the United States, Oksana  Markarova. She started by thanking me on behalf of the Ukrainian  people--really, thanking the American people--and saying that they  appreciate all of the help, not just the funding and the weapons but  the moral support that the people of Ukraine feel from the people of  the United States of America. That made me proud.   She also talked about the desperate need right now to provide  Ukrainian soldiers with the heavy weapons they need to confront the new  fight in Ukraine--the need to confront Russia as Vladimir Putin  continues his brutal campaign to kill Ukrainian citizens, to flatten  Ukrainian cities.   Just today, Lviv, which is way over here in western Ukraine, was  attacked again. So Russia says they are going to focus over here. Once  again, they are lobbing missiles into Lviv. Once again, they have  attacked Odesa in the south, hoping, I suppose, to flatten Odesa as  well as they have done with Mariupol and kill there somewhere between  20 and 25,000 innocent civilians, according to the latest reports we  have.   Ukraine has been an independent and sovereign country since 1991.  They are not part of Russia. In 2014, the people of Ukraine made a very  conscious choice to turn to the West, to get out from under the Russian  thumb altogether. They wanted freedom and democracy, to move away from  tyranny and corruption. They wanted to be like us here in America. That  is one reason so much of the free world has rallied around Ukraine-- because this is about a country that is seeking freedom, free  enterprise, the ability to gather freely, free speech.   I was an election observer here in 2014 right after they made this  decision, and we saw a fair election, where a President was elected by  the people with huge voter turnout. Again, that is one reason we feel  this connection to Ukraine, as does the rest of the free world.   Ukraine's armed forces continue to perform well, but as this map  shows, the fight is fierce right now. The dark red here is Ukrainian  territory that was taken by Russia back in 2014. This includes Crimea.  It includes Donetsk, Luhansk. The lighter red is the Ukrainian  territory that Russia has seized during this latest invasion during  this war. And the light-blue area is where Ukrainian troops have  effectively countered the Russian offensives and pushed Russian forces  out of territory.   Ukraine won a decisive battle here, as an example, in Kyiv. You can  see where they pushed the Russian forces out.   The Kremlin, at that time, had as a strategic objective, seizing  Kyiv, which is the capital of Ukraine, and also other major cities all  around the country. They wanted to force the government--the  democratically elected government--out to overthrow the government of  President Zelenskyy.   Instead, because of effective Ukrainian resistance, Russia has been  forced to settle for these more limited objectives, even as they  continue to bomb cities all around Ukraine.   They now want to consolidate the Donbas region and create a land  bridge from Crimea up to Transnistria. They want to cut off one of the  world's greatest exporters--Ukraine--from any access to the city, to  make them landlocked so they cannot have an effective economy.   Our goal must be to stop Russia from achieving its invasion goals and  push them out of the territory of this free and independent country,  Ukraine, our ally. This is a very dangerous point in this battle.   While the Russians have made incremental gains in the east, they have  not achieved the decisive breakthrough that they want, thanks to the  toughness and tenacity of the Ukrainian forces. But it is a tough  fight, and the Ukrainians are outgunned. We must do all we can to keep  Russia from a breakthrough until heavier weapons pledged by the United  States and other allied nations can reinforce Ukrainian positions--our  howitzers, as an example. Artillery is starting to arrive but only  starting.   My hope is that by reinforcing Ukrainian positions with these heavier  weapons, that will allow Ukraine not just to defend itself but to be  able to roll back this Russian invasion and reclaim this territory.   Late last week, I was pleased that the Biden administration formerly  requested emergency supplemental funding that will provide needed  military, humanitarian, and economic aid for Ukraine. This proposal, by  the way, includes $6 billion for the Ukraine Security Assistance  Initiative--a bipartisan initiative I have long spearheaded. Funding  for this initiative is used to train, equip, and provide support for  the Ukrainian Government and military. It was crucial to helping  Ukraine prepare for the current fight, and it is crucial now.    As the President has requested, there is also drawdown authority in  this legislation. Now, that is what the President is currently using to  provide the howitzers I talked about and other military assistance.  There is $5 billion of additional Presidential drawdown authority in  this request.   The existing Presidential drawdown authority has been expended. I  just checked with the Ambassador again just before making this speech.  She indicates that out of the $3.3 billion that was in the previous  Presidential drawdown authority to provide weapons to Ukraine, there is  roughly $150 million left. In other words, they need this supplemental  spending package now. It cannot wait, not at this crucial time in the  battle.   I am encouraged by the administration's request for military  assistance because I think--assuming we approve it and get this done  quickly--it will send a very important message to the world and, most  importantly, to Vladimir Putin, that America is in this fight for the  long haul.   The humanitarian aid is also desperately needed to complement the  remarkable work that is being done in Ukraine by so many great  religious and nonprofit groups. Some of you know Samaritan's Purse, as  an example.   Last night, Jose Andres, who is the founder of what is called the  World Central Kitchen, told me that they have now provided 18 million  meals to Ukrainian refugees both in-country and out of country, and  they have 12,000 volunteers that have been engaged to do this. They are  not asking for money from American taxpayers, but they are providing  incredible help, so many of these great groups.   I am also encouraged that the administration heeded our bipartisan  calls and appointed a Ukraine military assistance coordinator, LTG  Terry Wolff. This followed a letter that I sent with Senators Shaheen,  Wicker, and Durbin, with the goal of cutting through the redtape to  ensure the right weapons get to Ukraine and they get there quickly.   When I asked Secretary Blinken last week who Lieutenant General Wolff  would be reporting to as the coordinator of the military assistance in  order to make this whole process work more smoothly and help the  Ukrainians more, he was uncertain.   I will state today that I hope that the coordinator, Lieutenant  General Wolff, will be reporting directly to the Commander in Chief.  Why? Because there are so many Agencies and Departments involved, and  the whole idea is to have one person who has the President's ear who is  able to get stuff done quickly, without the bureaucracy. And I know  President Biden believes that we ought to get this military equipment  and other assistance to Ukraine immediately.   In the context of this significant additional funding request for  Ukraine to be able to defend itself, it is important to note that they  are not just relying on us. We are not the only country providing  military assistance to Ukraine.  [[Page S2267]]    In the past few weeks, we have seen allies and nations in Europe and  around the world come together and increase their military aid, and I  commend them for that.   Last Thursday, after weeks of debate, I was very pleased to see that  the German Bundestag, which is their Parliament, voted overwhelmingly  in favor--586 to 100--of sending heavy weapons to Ukraine. This is a  breakthrough for Germany. They have now woken up to the serious threat  that Russia poses to European security, and the Germans are now  assuming more responsibility for defense of their own backyard. Good  for them. We need them.   Additionally, the Polish Government has now transferred even more  Soviet-era T-72 tanks to Ukraine--again, heavy equipment they need in  the Donbas.   Slovakia has sent S-300 air defense systems. Our great allies in the  United Kingdom have been tremendous supporters of Ukraine since before  the invasion, including sending anti-tank and anti-air weapons that  have been used to devastating effect on the battlefield. They have sent  humanitarian aid and have recently sent Saxon armored vehicles.   The Netherlands have also been very helpful by sending Stinger anti- air missiles that help Ukraine contest the sky against Russian superior  air power.   Turkey has provided armed drones that have proven deadly effective at  neutralizing Russian tanks, vehicles, and surface ships. I commend  Turkey for that.   Even on the other side of the globe, democracies are stepping up and  providing military aid to Ukraine, including Bushmaster armored  vehicles from Australia, bulletproof vests from Japan, and other  military equipment from South Korea.   The list of those countries that are providing lethal assistance or  humanitarian aid is now over 40 and grows every day as freedom-loving  nations everywhere see what is happening here. They see President  Putin's actions for what they are--an assault on freedom and democracy,  a brutal assault.   Again, the next few weeks could be a tipping point. But Ukraine is  finally starting to get the necessary weaponry from the free world to  have a chance to actually succeed in pushing Russia out of their  territory.    The new Ukraine funding bill is being scrubbed right now for issues  or problems, which is appropriate. We want to be sure, as an example,  that the direct economic support has the anti-corruption guardrails we  have had in it in the past. The Department of Agriculture funding has  to be scrubbed to ensure it actually helps Ukraine. But the scrubbing  has been going on for almost a week now. It is time for us to move this  legislation.   I encourage the Senate Democratic leadership to bring to the floor  this Ukraine funding bill this week, not combined with other measures  but as a stand-alone piece of legislation not tied to COVID funding or  other unrelated priorities, including title 42 and the border, which I  feel strongly about, or other issues, including issues to do with  Afghanistan and the parolees.   Let's keep other issues off of this legislation. Why? Because  otherwise it becomes a political football and will be impossible to  pass quickly.   We have time to deal with those other issues as well, and we should.  But our allies in Ukraine are desperate for assistance, and they need  it now at this crucial time in this battle. Adding other politically  charged issues to this request will slow it down and delay the lethal  aid, and in the end will cost the lives of Ukrainian soldiers and  civilians at the hands of the ruthless Russian attacks.   On the sanctions front, I am pleased that this past week, the  administration is finally saying they will move forward in seizing, not  just freezing, Russian assets in the United States.   Last Thursday, the administration announced a streamline process for  seizing assets and finding a legal way to repurpose those assets to  help the Ukrainian people. Good for them. I have called for this in  legislation I introduced 5 weeks ago with Senator Bennet of Colorado.  Our RELIEF Act would ensure seized Russian funds go to support the  humanitarian needs in Ukraine, which is just and appropriate. And, by  the way, other countries have already done this.   The Russians continue to commit war crimes and atrocities against the  innocent people of Ukraine. Late last week, Ukrainian authorities filed  criminal charges against 10 individual Russian soldiers accused of  taking civilians hostage and torturing them in the Kyiv suburb of  Bucha. Many of you have seen the videos. This is the first such move by  prosecutors investigating possible war crimes by Russians.   All 10 were noncommissioned officers and privates from Russia's 64th  Separate Guards Motor Rifle Brigade, one of the units that took part in  the monthlong occupation of Bucha.   I call on the International Criminal Court that has announced an  investigation to follow in Ukraine's footsteps and immediately begin an  actual war crimes tribunal. The evidence of war crimes is clear, and  there should be no delay. By holding Russians accountable now, the hope  is there will be some deterrent effect to avoid additional war crimes  being created.   Last week, Secretary Blinken, in his testimony before the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee on the new budget request, talked about the  request for additional funding of $5 million for what is called the  Global Engagement Center. This is an organization that Senator Murphy  of Connecticut and I cofounded with legislation to combat  disinformation abroad. Unfortunately, this very modest increase will  not adequately address the massive disinformation efforts by the  Kremlin, let alone the world.   In this hybrid war in Ukraine, it is not just about kinetic military  action; it is also about a massive disinformation campaign. They are  bombarding Ukraine with disinformation that must be confronted.    The Global Engagement Center is established to do just that.  Unfortunately, it has been 2 years since there was a coordinator  appointed by a President to lead this Global Engagement Center. This  gap in leadership is unacceptable, and I urge the President to  immediately appoint a person to this role.   The efforts we talked about tonight so far--the heavy weapons, the  security assistance, the prosecution of war crimes, and the seizing  rather than freezing of Russian assets--are all steps in the right  direction. However, further steps have to be taken if we are going to  stop the Kremlin from being able to finance this war effort.   The biggest problem, by far, is energy. Energy is Russia's No. 1  export. Forty to 50 percent of the Russian budget is funded by energy  receipts coming back into the country. President Putin, of course, has  long used natural gas as an energy weapon against Europe. Last week, he  directed the gas company Gazprom to stop providing natural gas to  Poland and to Bulgaria. The natural gas supply from Russia was  suspended because of Poland and Bulgaria's refusal to pay in rubles,  Russia's currency, which would help bolster Russia's economy and make  it easier for them to finance this war. Bulgaria and Poland should be  commended for not bowing to Vladimir Putin's wishes.   This is also a significant opportunity for the United States to step  up further and to help our European allies to wean themselves off of  Russian energy. The United States of America has the tools and the  resources to help our allies accomplish this. We have a tentative  agreement to do so. The United States has already halted the import of  Russian energy. I now commend Lithuania and Estonia for recently doing  the exact same thing. Poland has indicated they would like to do the  same.   In order to encourage Europe to end its dependency on Russian oil and  gas, America must act now to help ensure there is a more abundant  supply of energy resources on the global market for purchase by Europe  and other countries. Specifically, we need to expand U.S. production of  natural gas that will help stabilize the market, provide liquefied  natural gas to Europe, and reduce energy costs for consumers. Most  importantly, it will stop the flow of funding to Russia's war machine  that is killing innocent Ukrainians every single day.   Together, working with Europe, we can end the approximately $870  million a day--$870 million a day--that Europe is sending to Russia to  help fund the  [[Page S2268]]  war machine. We must do so immediately by expanding natural gas  production here and our infrastructure here to provide Europe with the  promised liquefied natural gas as an alternative to Russian gas.   But, more generally, we have to support all our domestic producers  here in the United States through a robust, all-of-the-above energy  policy that includes fossil fuels, renewables, carbon-capture  technologies, nuclear power, hydropower, hydrogen, and energy  efficiency.   Instead of recognizing that Putin is using energy as a weapon and  responding appropriately, unfortunately, the Biden administration has  acted to make it more difficult for domestic energy production. These  actions include an increase of taxes on energy production proposed in  the President's budget, restricting new leases on Federal lands and  waters for oil and gas production, rewriting the definitions of the  ``Waters of the United States''--or WOTUS, as it is called--which could  add significant time and complexity to permitting new energy projects.   As I raised directly with Secretary Blinken last week during his time  before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, these domestic policies  that the administration is pursuing are having a direct and negative  impact on our national security and the security of our allies abroad.  We need to produce more right now to be able to ensure our national  security and their national security is protected.   The ruble, the Russian currency, has just about fully recovered from  its preinvasion value, in part because Russia is still bringing in  revenues from the sale of energy. Our sanctions have left Russia's  biggest economic lifeline largely untouched: again, energy sales,  specifically to Europe.   In addition to cutting off natural gas and the revenue that fuels the  Russian war machine, we need to tighten up bank sanctions as they  relate to energy. Sanctions for energy transactions don't go into  effect against Russian banks, including the VTB Bank, until June 24.  These sanctions should have gone in place weeks ago, and they should  certainly go into place now.   President Biden must lead our allies to do whatever it takes to help  Ukraine win, and the administration should make clear that their  objective is for Ukraine to push the forces of Russia out of the  sovereign territory of Ukraine. Remember, Ukrainians are not asking for  us to fight for them, but they are asking us to help them fight for  themselves. We have got to do that so they have a chance to win.    Last month, I was at the border of Ukraine and Poland, and I was able  to talk to a number of Ukrainian refugees. Through their tears, they  spoke of their homes being destroyed, their loved ones killed, and the  pain of being separated from their husbands and fathers who had stayed  behind to fight. Almost every refugee was either a woman or a child,  grandparents with their grandchildren.   I also saw the heroic efforts and the amazing generosity of spirit  from the Polish people who were taking these Ukrainian refugees  literally into their homes--to feed them, to give them a roof over  their head.   Yesterday, I joined my colleagues Chris Coons and Roy Blunt  introducing a resolution to commend and recognize Poland's efforts in  welcoming Ukrainian refugees and supporting the Ukrainian resistance.  Poland has been amazing. Since Russia's invasion began, more than 3  million Ukrainians have fled across the border into Poland. We are so  grateful to them for opening their hearts and their homes and for  continuing to donate their time and resources to help the refugees.   I want to close my remarks today with talking about why the United  States has a special obligation to support Ukraine in light of Russia's  brutal and illegal invasion. It is important that we not forget the  Budapest Memorandum signed by Russia, the United States, the United  Kingdom, and Ukraine in 1994. After the fall of the Soviet Union, under  this 1994 memorandum, a newly independent Ukraine agreed to give up its  nuclear weapons, but they did so in return for an ironclad commitment  from all those signatories--the United States, the UK, and Russia--to  respect and ensure Ukraine's territorial integrity and independence.   This is what makes Russia's invasion and veiled threats of nuclear  weapons particularly outrageous. Russia made a commitment to respect  Ukraine's territorial integrity and independence in exchange for  Ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons. Now Russia invaded Ukraine and  is threatening to use nuclear weapons against Ukrainians.   This war is in gross violation of the Budapest Memorandum and, of  course, Russia's other international commitments, such as the United  Nations Charter. For these transgressions, it is now time for the  international community to strip Russia of its privilege of sitting on  the U.N. Security Council and other bodies of international  representation, and Russia should be deemed a state sponsor of terror.   There is reporting that Russia believed the invasion would split and  weaken the NATO alliance. Instead, as we have seen, Russia's brutal  attacks on a neighboring democracy have actually galvanized and  strengthened the resolve of NATO and the free world in general and will  likely lead to expansion with Finland and Sweden soon joining the NATO  alliance.   What the United States is doing to help Ukraine with military,  humanitarian, and economic assistance and rallying our allies to do the  same is critically important, particularly at this time, for the battle  is at a critical stage. It is critically important--it is important not  just because it fulfills our commitment under the 1994 Budapest  Memorandum but because it is in our national interest as the leader of  the free world to stand with our allies.   There was a speech once written that was never given. It was meant to  be delivered by President John F. Kennedy on the afternoon of November  22, 1963, the day that he was killed. The speech was profound and very  simple. It said: We, in this country, in this generation, by destiny  rather than choice, are the watchmen on the walls of world freedom--by  destiny rather than choice.   When democracies are under attack by authoritarian regimes, history  says when America leads, others will join, and we are victorious in  protecting freedom.   In this instance, in this critical point in Ukraine, we must continue  to lead the free world in standing with Ukraine until their final  victory.   I yield the floor.   