 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    I move to proceed to executive session to consider  Calendar No. 848.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I move to proceed to legislative session.  [[Page S2372]]     I move to proceed to Calendar No. 362, S. 4132.    I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I move to proceed to executive session to consider  Calendar No. 865.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, May 9, be waived.    Now, Madam President, I have just filed cloture on the  Women's Health Protection Act. This week, the Senate will be confronted  with a simple but urgent question: Do women in this country have a  basic right to make their own choices when it comes to seeking an  abortion, yes or no? It will be one of the most important questions  this Chamber confronts in decades because, for the first time in 50  years, women in America face the real possibility of living in a world  where the protections of Roe v. Wade are a thing of the past. It will  set up a situation where our children, female children, have less  rights than their grandparents--something that is so un-American,  taking away rights, stepping backward from rights in such a dramatic  way.   So, tonight, I will set up a vote for Wednesday on legislation that  will codify the fundamental right to an abortion into Federal law.  Every American is going to see where every Senator stands on protecting  one of the most important rights a woman has regarding her own body.   I want to be clear. This week's vote is not an abstract exercise;  this is as real and as high stakes as it gets. And Senate Republicans  will no longer be able to hide from the horror they have unleashed upon  women in America. After spending years packing our courts with  rightwing judges and Justices, after changing the rules of the Senate  to push three rigidly conservative Justices, after stealing the  nomination of Merrick Garland, the time has come for Republicans, this  new MAGA Republican Party, to answer for their actions.   If Senate Republicans allow the Supreme Court's decision to stand, it  will be open season--open season--on women's rights in America.   A few days ago, Leader McConnell himself acknowledged that a Federal  ban on abortions is now possible should the Supreme Court overturn Roe  and Republicans take control of the Senate.   Let me say that again because it is so dreadful. In light of the  Supreme Court's decision--upcoming decision--Leader McConnell  acknowledged that a national ban on abortion is now possible without  Roe if Republicans reclaim the majority.   Hear that, America? A total ban--a total national ban on abortion,  stated by not any Republican but by the Republican leader. Every single  American needs to hear what Leader McConnell said.   For years--for decades--Republicans have tried to disguise their  hostility to abortion by claiming that all they really want is to let  the States decide for themselves how they will treat the issue. It is  an old claim from the right: This is about States' rights. This  argument has always been hypocritical, and Leader McConnell's comments  make it perfectly clear why.   The game here is not about States' rights; the goal has always been a  national ban on abortions altogether. States' rights is a smokescreen,  nothing more than a distraction, a ruse to hide from the true claims of  the hard right, of the MAGA Republicans: a national ban on abortion.   A Federal restriction on abortion would be among the most extreme  ideas ever pushed by Senate Republicans, but in light of Roe's repeal,  it seems that is the road the MAGA Republicans want to take our country  down. And as scary as that is, I feel it is just the start. Ideas that  have long been relegated to the fringes will return to the forefront  with a vengeance--forced pregnancies, bans that make zero exceptions  for rape and incest, even imprisonment for abortion providers and women  who seek them--imprisonment for women who seek them, which is already  happening with some State laws.   Republicans are trying in vain to obscure this reality. Last week,  the chair of the Senate Republican campaign arm went as far as  releasing an absurd collection of talking points trying to convince  Americans that, no, Republicans don't want to throw doctors and women  in jail for carrying out abortions.   The Republicans should know their position is truly extreme when that  has to be one of their talking points. Oh, no, we don't want to throw  women in jail. But regardless of what Republicans or the head of the  Senate Republican campaign committee might try and claim, the laws  being passed at the State level tell a different, much darker story  that totally contradicts what he says.   In Arizona, for example, there is a law on the books that states that  anyone who performs an abortion could be sentenced to anywhere from 2  to 5 years in prison. The new law in Arizona provides zero exceptions  for rape and for incest.   In Oklahoma, a new law just came into effect banning abortion as  early as 6 weeks and, like the law in Texas, empowers citizens to  police each other's conduct and sue women simply trying to access an  abortion and, again, zero exceptions for rape, zero exceptions for  incest. If, God forbid, a woman is raped and doesn't want to have  that child, the Republicans want to allow some of them to go to jail  and some of them to be sued by their fellow citizens. Is that  [[Page S2373]]  a disgrace? Is that scary? Does that say we all must fight this tooth  and nail?    Now Republicans in Louisiana are even pushing a bill that could throw  women and their healthcare providers in prison for life--for life.   This is the America that Senate Republicans have made possible--an  America where women in many States could be forced to follow through on  their pregnancies against their will; an America where abortions can be  all but eliminated in more than half the States in the country; an  America where many States provide zero exceptions for something as evil  as rape or incest. These laws could put women and girls in serious  danger. And none of this is theoretical anymore; it is written into the  veracity of the laws that have been passed by the hard right at the  State level. And we know more are coming.   All of this I bring to the feet of my Senate colleagues as we prepare  to vote later this week. No more running. No more hiding. No more  diversions. Leader McConnell can't talk about the actual effects of the  law except when he made that one statement. Always diversions. Always  about ``Oh, look what they are doing'' because they don't want the  American people to know how hard right, how fiercely anti-women, how  vicious some of their laws are.   I ask my colleagues to think carefully about their choice later this  week. No more running. No more hiding. The vote will shine light on  every single one of us. It will be like a floodlight, and we will each  have to make our positions clear.   Again, I ask my colleagues to think carefully about their choice  later this week because the consequences of this vote will stay with us  for the rest of our time in office. The Nation will be watching. The  rights of millions of American women are at stake, and they will be  watching. And there will be no hiding from where each of us stands on  this most precious, most private, most personal decision that women  ever have had to make when it comes to their own lives.   I yield the floor.   