 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my  legislation,  [[Page H4748]]  H.R. 935, the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and  Brokerage Simplification Act of 2021.   Madam Speaker, this bill isn't new, we have been here before. In  fact, this will be the third instance that my legislation has actually  come to the floor. Each time Members of this body have unanimously  supported the legislation before us today. I certainly hope that the  third time is the charm.   Let's be clear. For small, privately-owned businesses, merger and  acquisition advisers and business brokers perform crucial roles in  preparing these privately held businesses for a sale or a merger by  finding and screening potential business buyers or partners. These  brokers play a vital role in navigating M&A transactions to successful  outcomes.    Unfortunately, Federal securities regulations technically require an  M&A broker to be registered and regulated by the Securities and  Exchange Commission, as well as FINRA, just like a Wall Street  investment banker selling or buying publicly traded companies. This is  a problem long identified by both practitioners and the regulators  themselves.   Whether it is a small, locally owned store in Holland, Michigan, my  hometown, or a Fortune 500 company, today, the same rules apply,  regardless of the size of the business, the size of the transaction, or  whether they are publicly or privately held.   Sadly, these last 2 years have only increased the need for my bill.  Despite $5 trillion in COVID relief packages, which have often picked  winners and losers, rising costs due to inflation are making it  difficult for many small businesses to keep the lights on today.   Recent data from the Federal Reserve itself showed that 85 percent of  small businesses experienced financial hardships and difficulties in  2021. According to the Small Business Administration, 68 percent of  small business owners say they are having a hard time keeping and  hiring staff.   Nevertheless, small businesses continue to be the backbone of all of  our local economies. Just look at my home State of Michigan, which is  the home of very large companies like the automakers, office furniture  makers, chemical companies, and medical device companies. But it also  is a place where 98 percent of businesses are small businesses--98  percent of them--and they employ literally half of the Michigan  workforce. Just as important, for every $100 spent at a local business,  roughly $68 stays in the local economy, according to studies.   Small businesses need to grow and have to do a couple of different  things to be successful. For some that means they need to consolidate;  some may need to restructure and try to recover from the challenges  that have been exacerbated by the pandemic or the economy or whatever  it might be; and sometimes it may be a family succession plan that is  happening within those small businesses. These innovators,  entrepreneurs, and risk-takers are critical to our country's economic  growth and prosperity. We need to level the playing field that gives an  unfair advantage to those Wall Street big guys.   So, how did we get here?   As was discussed, in 2006 merger and acquisition brokers attempted to  address their concerns with the Securities and Exchange Commission by  developing a rule that would codify and simplify the ``broker-dealer''  regulation.   Unfortunately, due to the fallout from the great financial crisis,  the SEC could not make the time for this rulemaking and make it a  priority, which sent groups then to Congress for a legislative fix.  Along the way, this bill has enjoyed bipartisan and bicameral support.  It passed the Committee on Financial Services, not once, not twice, but  now four times, including this last summer.   In 2014, the chief counsel of the Division of Trading of the  Securities and Exchange Commission released the M&A broker no-action  letter, which concluded that the SEC staff would not recommend  enforcement against an unregistered person who was engaged in  facilitating a securities transaction solely related to the purchase or  sale of a privately held company--regardless of the size of the  company--provided certain enumerated conditions were met.   H.R. 935 is consistent with the no-action letter but will clarify and  simplify the merger process for small businesses and M&A brokers. The  bill codifies the extensive investor protections, while not affecting  the SEC's jurisdiction over M&A brokers.   However, a no-action letter is not legally binding. It cannot change  securities laws. That is up to us, Congress. We must pass my  legislation to provide legal clarity once and for all.    Madam Speaker, we have been on this journey for nearly  10 years, going back to the 113th Congress. While many of the Members  who served with me back then no longer remain, the challenges small  businesses face have not dimmed.   Madam Speaker, I recognize my colleague, Representative Brian Higgins  from New York, who has been the original cosponsor from day one, and he  has been on this journey every step of the way, as well as  Congresswoman Maloney and Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this commonsense  bipartisan legislation.   