 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Pennsylvania for  yielding me 2\1/2\ minutes to speak about something today that we need  to shed light on, which is an issue impacting an entire generation of  students.   Children from preschool age through college have been barred from  their classrooms for the better part of 2 years now. Many of us have  stated from the start that shutting down schools would create more  problems than it would solve, and now the data proves us right.   Still, some teachers' unions refuse to work. They refuse to put the  well-being of the students' futures first.   Americans are sick and tired of the Federal Government moving the  goalposts and changing the ``science'' to fit whatever narrative they  want.   The President of the United States repeatedly caved to the teachers'  unions, ignoring the needs of our students to the detriment of our  children across the country. Now that he has seen the polling on school  closures, he says the schools should reopen, continuing to move the  goalposts.   Suicide and self-harm among students hit record highs while schools  were closed. Mental health problems are on the rise among kids of all  ages. Test scores are abysmal. All of these issues trace back to the  closure of our schools.   When schools remain closed, our children are harmed. Parents are  having to take their children to work, to their jobs, because they have  no way of having their children cared for during the day.   Students need to be in school environments for more than just an  education. The social skills developed through their school years have  a direct impact on the adults and members of society that these  children will grow into.   What will the next generation of leaders look like? What will the  next generation of doctors, scientists, or engineers look like if this  is their education today? In 20 years, our society will be dependent on  this generation in the workforce and throughout our society. We are  failing to prepare our children for it.   The future of our Nation belongs to the children. Yes, it really is  for the children. Can anyone in this Chamber look at the actions of the  last 2 years and say we are serving our children's best interests? The  answer is a resounding no.   Madam Speaker, I urge consideration of Congresswoman Hinson's  legislation to ensure our students are back in the classroom.   