 Happy St. Patrick's Day, Madam Speaker. I just want to  gently correct my colleague from North Carolina when he cited 8 percent  inflation. On an annualized basis, we are seeing it being measured at  10 percent here. I can understand the Representative from Tennessee's  sensitivity toward Bidenflation.   Today, we are here because the Democrats want to pass legislation  that insults the intelligence of Americans. According to my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle, the only people sophisticated enough to  enter into arbitration agreements are unions, so they have exempted  them from this bill. Convenient.   This legislation prohibits predispute arbitration agreements, which  are a fair, efficient, and effective way for consumers, workers, and  businesses to settle disputes without costly and time-consuming  litigation that mainly benefits the trial bar. This bill will also  deprive Americans of an effective legal option, while costing them more  time and money.   Predispute arbitration agreements exist in many employment and  consumer contracts today and are enforced like any other kind of  contract. Arbitration is generally fair, often leads to better outcomes  for workers, and does not keep claimants from simultaneously alerting  the world to bad actors. Those agreements create a win-win situation  for parties to contract in advance on a process for resolving future  disputes.    Courts, accordingly, uphold and enforce lawful agreements to  arbitrate when disputes arise between parties, an approach consistent  with the fundamental principle that arbitration is a matter of  contract. This policy of individuals being free to contract has  arguably long been a feature of American law. Existing law also permits  courts to invalidate agreements under generally applicable contract  defenses, such as fraud or duress.   Some will argue that arbitration requires confidentiality. This is  not true. The parties to the agreement always have a right to disclose  details of the proceeding unless they have a separate confidentiality  agreement. Nor does current law typically preclude a party from  disclosing information obtained in the arbitration process or any  resulting award. Arbitration is usually less expensive and faster than  litigation.    It normally minimizes hostility, is less disruptive of  ongoing and future business dealings, and is often more flexible. This  legislation does not favor the American consumer. The only ones favored  are the unions and the trial bar. This is not right for Americans, and  I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this un-fair act.   