 Madam President, yesterday evening, the Senate and  House Armed Services Committee released its strong, bipartisan National  Defense Authorization Act.   As Republicans have said for months, and I repeated yesterday, our  servicemembers, commanders, and civilian leaders should not have had to  wait until mid-December to gain certainty for a fiscal year that is  already more than 2 months over. We have to take our national defense  military modernization, and defense industrial base as seriously as our  rivals take theirs.   Fortunately, this strong, bipartisan NDAA is a huge step in that  direction. The bill tees up a significant and badly needed increase in  defense funding--$45 billion above President Biden's insufficient  request and roughly $75 billion over last year's level. Once again,  Congress agreed on a bipartisan basis that President Biden's defense  budget request was anemic and insufficient.   This NDAA authorizes crucial projects like nuclear modernization. It  directs critical investments in our defense industrial base so America  can both defend ourselves and remain the arsenal of democracy for the  world. It delivers for our servicemembers, their families, and our  military installations and communities around the country.   Thanks to the leadership from our colleague Senator Blackburn, among  others, this NDAA will repeal the President's military vaccine  mandate--a policy which this Democratic administration had stubbornly  clung to, even as it had clearly undermined readiness and hurt  retention.   And just as Republicans insisted, just as our servicemembers deserve,  this NDAA is not getting dragged down by unrelated liberal nonsense.  Good, smart policies were kept in, and unrelated nonsense, like easier  financing for illegal drugs, was kept out.   I am glad this Democratic-led Congress finally realized that  defending America is a basic governing duty. It is not some Republican  priority that Democrats can demand unrelated goodies to be wheedled  into.   Neither party, let alone a sitting President's party, can ever have  the mindset that they need to be goaded or bartered into supporting our  troops. We made it clear we wouldn't be going down that road; our  Democratic colleagues finally accepted it; and Senators Reed and Inhofe  did a great job landing the plane.  [[Page S7012]]    Now, that same lesson must carry over into our subsequent  conversations about government funding. Democrats must be ready to  actually fund the national defense, which this bipartisan NDAA  authorizes.   Just like on this bill, neither party has any standing to demand  unrelated goodies in exchange for doing our job and funding defense.  And let's hope this new acceptance of reality also helps shape  President Biden's next defense budget request. We have yet to see a  proposed budget from this administration that takes growing threats  very seriously.   Why do bipartisan majorities in Congress keep having to force this  Commander in Chief to adequately resource our Armed Forces?   Today is December 7, the anniversary of Pearl Harbor. No American  wants us to ever receive another painful reminder like December 7 or  September 11 of the painful price we pay when we let our guard down,  soften our defenses, or diminish our worldwide presence.   This strong NDAA is one important step in keeping our guard up. But  only one. We need to put it on the President's desk quickly and then  stay equally serious on this subject.   