 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues, including  my colleagues kindly speaking here today from Maryland and Illinois, in  strong support of House passage of S. 1760, introduced by my colleague  Senator Mazie Hirono, and passed unanimously by the Senate.   This critical measure, companion legislation to H.R. 3406, which I  co-introduced in the House with its principal sponsor, my colleague and  partner, Congressman Kaiali'i Kahele, will designate the new community- based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs, now  literally rising out of the ground at Kalaeloa in Hawaii, and known to  date as the Advanced Leeward Outpatient Healthcare Access, or ALOHA  project, as the Daniel Kahikina Akaka Department of Veterans Affairs  Community-Based Outpatient Clinic.   Daniel K. Akaka was many things throughout his long and full 93 years  of life: teacher, Member of this House from 1977 to 1991, the first  U.S. Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry from 1991 to 2012, beloved  mentor to generations, and on and on. Of all of these, he was a deeply  proud veteran, having served in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the  Second World War, deploying to the Western Pacific in support of the  critical island-hopping campaign, which won the Pacific war.   Senator Akaka carried his pride and passion and commitment to our  Nation's veterans into his work in Congress. As member and chair of the  U.S. Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, he produced an unmatched  record of progress on healthcare, compensation, and other benefits for  veterans, including crafting the new veterans' GI Bill in Congress to  ensure more education benefits for veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan.   In this Asian-Pacific Heritage Month, it is fitting to recognize his  work focusing on specific issues affecting our Asian-American, Native  Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander veterans.   The importance of the ALOHA project to our veteran `ohana, or family,  throughout Hawaii and the Pacific cannot be overstated. On its  projected completion in late 2023, it will bring our VA healthcare  system to our veterans, relieving significant and growing pressure in  Hawaii on that system, increasing healthcare access for Hawaii's over  110,000 veterans and more, and alleviating significant and growing  logistical and capacity challenges at Tripler Army Medical Center and  the Spark M. Matsunaga Medical Center.   I cannot think of a more deserving and appropriate individual to  grace this facility and those who work and are healed there with his  name and his still living, breathing spirit, than Daniel Kahikina  Akaka.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure so that it may be sent  directly to the President for his consideration and enactment.   ``Mahalo nui loa.'' ``Thank you very much.''   