 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend across the  Sabine River from me, Mr. Johnson, for having this Special Order.   President Biden and the Democrats hate the facts because the facts  are not  [[Page H3765]]  on their side. If we are being honest, the facts haven't been on their  side for a very long time. Nevertheless, they continue perpetuating the  lie that domestic energy is somehow bad, and foreign energy is somehow  good.   So, join me. Let's take a look at the facts here. The refineries,  petrochemical plants, and American businesses in and around my  district, the 36th Congressional District of the State of Texas, are  unmatched worldwide.   For years, they have showcased what our country does best, and that  is producing superior, high-quality petroleum products by leading in  technological innovation.   The best and brightest Americans are constantly discovering new ways  to enhance safety, lower emissions, and provide the world with  affordable and reliable energy.   But the left, the leftist Democrats, they don't seem to care. They  would rather lambaste the American public for not buying a $60,000-plus  electric vehicle. In fact, they would rather help tyrants and communist  countries become energy powerhouses than to spend even one cent  supporting U.S. oil and gas jobs, American ingenuity, or our state-of- the-art facilities.   And in the name of what, eliminating greenhouse gases? Give me a  break.   Here is a reality check. When we increase our dependency on foreign  nations for our energy needs, we increase our carbon footprint. Simple.   America makes the cleanest energy on the planet--fact. Foreign oil  and gas are not produced using the stringent environmental regulations  that we have here in America, not to mention foreign oil must travel  farther on less safe and less environmentally friendly modes of  transportation to get that product here.   If Biden and my Democrat colleagues want to talk about cleaner  energy, they must first accept the fact that we, America, lead in  reducing harmful pollution worldwide.   Americans are sick of suffering from Biden's anti-oil and gas agenda  that supports dirtier energy, funds corrupt governments, kills their  jobs, weakens our national security, and raises the cost of everything.   I spent $125 filling up my Ford F-150 pickup truck this past Monday,  just as an example.   But here is the bottom line: If Biden and the left honestly believe  that foreign energy is the best option, then they really do not care  about the environment or the security of our own Nation, the United  States of America.   Acknowledge the facts. Put America first. Unleash our energy sector.  Help the environment. End our dangerous dependence on foreign  adversaries.   