 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Senate has a once-in-a-lifetime  opportunity to pass bipartisan legislation this week. The Sergeant  First Class Heath Robinson Honoring Our PACT Act will honor this  country's commitment to our country's toxin-exposed veterans and their  families.   Generation after generation of veterans have been exposed to toxic  substances during their time serving this country. And when they return  from their military service, they have faced yet another battle right  here at home--that battle to get the care and benefits that they have  earned and that they desperately need.   In the worst cases, folks are praying and praying with the price of  their lives--veterans and heroes like SFC Heath Robinson, for whom this  bill is named. Like many Americans, Heath answered the call of duty and  deployed to Kosovo and Iraq with the Ohio National Guard.   When he deployed, he was a healthy and active soldier. While  deployed, he was exposed to toxins from burn pits. And 13 years--13  short years--after his deployment, he lost his life to a rare  autoimmune disease and stage 4 lung cancer, conditions undoubtedly  related to his exposure to toxins from burn pits while he was on active  duty serving this Nation.   Heath left behind an 8-year-old daughter. He also left behind a wife  and family. And this family is now committed to ensuring that this  country provides for other veterans what it could not provide for  Heath--the support he needed to survive.   This bill will address decades of inaction and failure by our  Government. It expands eligibility for VA healthcare to more than 3\1/ 2\ million combat veterans exposed to burn pits, supporting our post-9/ 11 and Vietnam-era veterans by removing the burden of proof for 23  presumptive conditions caused by toxic exposure, from cancers to lung  disease.   It establishes a framework for the establishment of future  presumptions of service-related toxic exposures, giving the VA the  tools it needs to bolster its workforce, establish more healthcare  facilities, and improve the claims process to better meet the immediate  and future needs of every veteran that the VA serves.   There is always a cost to war. And we often look at it with ships and  airplanes and tanks, but the fact is, the cost of the wars we have  fought are never fully paid. This bill will help right that wrong.   Congress has a chance to show our Nation's veterans that their  government has their back. Our men and women in uniform answered the  call of duty. The Presiding Officer of the Senate knows exactly what I  am talking about. They upheld their end of the bargain; we need to  uphold ours.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent that we yield back all time and  the vote occur right now.   