 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the great leadership  of the ranking member from Arkansas. I appreciate his yielding some  time to me.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly rise in opposition to the Big Cat Public  Safety Act.   Let it be known that I also rise in opposition to the complete lack  of decorum demonstrated by the majority in today's vote on the CHIPS  bill. This Chamber is supposed to be a deliberative body governed by  rules and norms agreed to by all the Members. The majority has made a  mockery of those rules and norms today.   The complete disregard for the minority is what they showed today,  and that is upsetting and disturbing. It is certainly no way to run the  House, Mr. Speaker.   Turning to this legislation at hand, it seems as if the Democrats are  prioritizing literally pet projects of a reality TV star instead of  considering legislation that would benefit the American people during  this time of economic crisis.   Natural Resources Committee Democrats have spent their time marking  up legislation like this instead of working on bills that would lower  the cost of gas for millions of Americans.   As the ranking member has referenced several times, our constituents  sent us here to represent them and to work together to solve the issues  that they are facing and that our Nation is facing. Right now, they are  facing things like the cost of gasoline and energy production, and we  are doing nothing about that in the Natural Resources Committee.    Legislation like this does not reflect the interests or the concerns  of the American people.   We have Americans literally suffering right now economically, and we  are debating big cats? Really?   Of all the things that are important, we are in here talking about  big cats.   We have an administration right now gaslighting the American people  by trying to change the definition of a recession which we are  experiencing.   It is time for us to work on legislation that actually helps the  American people.   Because of the actions of President Biden and the Democrats,  Americans are suffering from the worst inflation in over four decades  and are now facing the beginning of a recession. It is time for  Congress to work on critical legislation and stop wasteful and untimely  bills like this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 263, the Big Cat  Public Safety Act. Mr. Speaker, you have got to be kidding me. This is  ridiculous.   