 Mr. President, I, along with many others, want to thank  Senator Pat Leahy for a remarkable 48 years of service here in the  Senate. As chairman of the Appropriations, Judiciary, and Agriculture  Committees and President pro tempore of the Senate, I believe it is  more than fair to say that Pat has had a profound impact on this  institution.   First elected to the Senate in 1974, Senator Leahy has served Vermont  for eight terms and ranks first in seniority, as we know, in the U.S.  Senate. There are not many people in history whom you can say that  about, as it requires a great deal of hard work, patience, and  commitment.   Before coming to Washington, Senator Leahy served for 8 years as the  State's attorney in Vermont. In 1974, he was elected as one of three  outstanding prosecutors in the United States. Clearly, his degree from  Georgetown Law School has served him well over the years.   Senator Leahy has dutifully served on the Committee on Appropriations  for more than 40 years, and I have had the honor of serving alongside  him for 28 years. We have gone back and forth as chairman and vice  chairman in recent years, and while it is never easy to relinquish the  title of chairman, I would not wish to do so with anyone other than Pat  Leahy.   I am deeply proud of all that Senator Leahy and I have been able to  accomplish together on the Appropriations Committee. Just last night,  as all of you know, we reached an agreement and filed the 2023 Omnibus  appropriations package, containing all 12 appropriations measures. This  would not have been possible had Senator Leahy not been at the table.   Pat has several passions outside of the Senate, as a lot of you  probably know. He is an accomplished photographer and an avid family  man. He also has a deep appreciation for the ``Batman'' movies, even  garnering a few cameos on the big screen, as we know.   Everything Senator Leahy does, in my judgment, he does well. The  State of Vermont has benefited from his service in the Senate, and so  has the Nation.   By no means do we agree on everything, but we respect each other and  our constitutional duty a great deal.   The Senate will not be the same without you, Pat--without your  leadership, effectiveness, and kindness.   And I will miss working together with him for the betterment of the  country.   I want to thank, again, Senator Leahy for his many contributions to  this body, as well as his wonderful wife Marcelle. They have built an  incredible life together, and they are pillars in our Senate community.  My wife Annette and I have enjoyed their friendship over the years. We  wish them every happiness in their next chapter. They have certainly  earned their retirement.   I yield the floor.   