 Madam President, 2 weeks ago, Russia initiated the  largest land conflict in Europe since World War II. Millions of men,  women, and children fled their homes to safety. Countless others have  taken up arms in the name of freedom.   President Putin's unprovoked and brutal invasion of Ukraine did not  happen overnight. The warning signs were very, very clear. The response  from the Biden administration was anything but. The administration had  false hope that strongly worded statements would be enough to deter an  unprovoked war.   President Biden waited until after Russia invaded Ukraine to level  any sanctions at all. And even then, sanctions came in waves, and they  are still coming.   President Biden was slow to hit Putin where it hurts. He refused to  penalize the Russian energy sector until roughly a week--1 week--after  the invasion took place. The President refused to act, and the world  now sees the heart-wrenching results.   President Biden has shown weakness on the world stage throughout his  40-plus years in politics--40 years. His foreign policy caves to  adversaries, undermines our allies, and devalues the sacrifices of our  men and women in uniform.   In his first year of office, he abandoned 20 years of effort in  Afghanistan and emboldened Putin to attack his neighbor. As I speak,  the White House is reviving Iran's hope of developing a nuclear weapon.    Originally brokered when Joe Biden was Vice President in 2015, the  Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, more commonly known as the JCPOA or  the Iran deal, was a deeply flawed agreement aimed at preventing Iran  from acquiring nuclear weapons. In reality, it did the exact opposite.   Nuclear security can't be achieved with wishful thinking, watered- down sanctions, or by sending our adversaries planeloads of cash, which  we did. Years later, we all know the result. The Iran deal did not  work.   President Biden wants to revive this disastrous deal, and this time  it will be even worse. The Iranians don't even want to negotiate with  America and President Biden's administration so we are allowing Russia  to join at the negotiating table negotiating for the United States. It  doesn't make any sense. Many Americans are likely asking why? The  United States cannot trust the Russian Federation in any capacity. If  working with and propping up Russia isn't bad enough, Iran is poised to  receive billions of dollars from frozen assets in this new agreement,  including funds from renewed oil exports.   Rather than unleashing the power of the American energy industry and  allowing Americans to drill, drill, drill on our own soil, the Biden  administration would rather do business with Venezuela and plead with  Saudi Arabia to turn on the spigots.   The administration is, again, leading from behind, held back by their  pledge to their false climate gods. Yes, the climate has changed, and  it has been changing for decades, but we can't let the far-left  extremist wing push us to buy oil from convicts and criminals just  because they would rather hamstring our economy than unleash American  energy.   The administration is letting Russia and Iran and China dictate the  rules of the game, and they are letting an unelected bureaucrat who was  not Senate confirmed, by the name of Rob Malley, conduct these talks  through Russia. His now-former colleague resigned. Malley's former  colleague resigned in protest over Mr. Malley in conceding to Iran.   The Russian negotiators are bragging about Iran's huge wins in this  would-be deal. I have a long list of concerns about how these  negotiations are unfolding, but at the top are the limited sanctions  the administration appears to be open to in exchange for a short-term  pause on the development of Tehran's nuclear program.   Let me be clear. These short-term sanctions are not the solution.  They weren't a few years ago, and they are not today. The  administration must not allow Tehran to obtain a nuclear weapon. The  Iran deal was a bad deal in 2015, and it would be a worse deal today.  The Biden administration should immediately--immediately--walk away  from the negotiating table before these discussions lead to yet another  Biden foreign policy disaster.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   