 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  1361, I call up the bill (S. 1098) to amend the Higher Education Act of  1965 to authorize borrowers to separate joint consolidation loans and  ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their  remarks and insert extraneous material on S. 1098.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of the bipartisan,  bicameral Joint Consolidation Loan Separation Act, led in the Senate by  my colleague from Virginia, Senator Mark Warner, and led in the House  by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).   Student loans should provide a pathway to opportunity, not saddle  borrowers with a lifetime of burdensome debt, especially if the loans  don't even belong to them.   Regrettably, many borrowers' financial well-being has been made worse  by student loans jointly held by their spouse or former spouse.   The Joint Consolidation Loan Separation Act would provide much-needed  relief for individuals who previously consolidated their student loans  with their spouse. Although Congress eliminated the joint consolidation  loan program in 2006, it did not provide a way for borrowers to sever  existing loans, even in the event of domestic violence, domestic abuse,  or unresponsiveness from a former spouse after a divorce.   As a result, according to the most recent data from the Department of  Education, there are at least 13,500 borrowers with federally held  joint consolidation loans.   The Joint Consolidation Loan Separation Act would allow borrowers to  submit an application to the Department of Education to split the joint  consolidation loan into two separate Federal direct loans. The two new  Federal direct loans would be split proportionally based on the  original unpaid principal and have the same interest rates as the joint  consolidation loan, ensuring borrowers are not saddled with a higher  interest rate.   Importantly, the bill provides a pathway for an individual to apply  to separate a loan from a spouse, a current spouse or former spouse,  including in the event of an absentee or unresponsive spouse, for an  act of violence or economic abuse.   Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that no borrower should be forced to  pay a debt that isn't theirs, especially the debt of an abusive former  spouse.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 7 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price), the House sponsor of the  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, prior to yielding time, I yield  myself 1 minute just to remind those on the other side of the aisle,  who have lectured this side of the aisle on fiscal responsibility, that  every Democratic Presidential administration since Kennedy left office  with a better deficit situation than they inherited--every one, without  exception. And every Republican since Nixon, every administration left  office with a worse deficit situation than they inherited, without  exception. President Trump was well on his way to fulfilling that trend  before the pandemic.   But hypocrisy is not much of an issue. I just wanted to remind people  who is fiscally responsible and who isn't.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms.  Stevens), a distinguished member of the Committee on Education and  Labor and an original cosponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, would the Speaker advise how much  time is remaining on both sides.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to  the gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, while the Joint Consolidation Loan Separation Act does  not solve the student loan debt crisis, it takes another sensible step  to help borrowers separate with loans that do not belong to them. This  legislation also comes at a critical time when many borrowers seek  relief under President Biden's recently announced loan cancellation  program.   Unfortunately, not all borrowers with joint consolidation loans are  currently eligible for relief, even if they meet all other criteria.   Simply put, by advancing the Joint Consolidation Loan Separation Act,  we are providing borrowers with additional avenues of loan relief,  ensuring survivors of domestic or economic abuse are not responsible  for their spouse's or former spouse's debt.   Again, I thank Senator Warner of Virginia and the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price) for their leadership on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   