 Mr. President, I want to tell a bit of a story. There  are some great schools and great teachers in Oklahoma. They do an  incredible job, and they serve our families every day, doing remarkable  work, working alongside so many kids who struggle in their educational  environment, who struggle to be able to learn but who excel. I am  grateful to those teachers across our State. Those teachers who are in  our public schools--both our public traditional schools and our public  charter schools--deserve to be applauded and encouraged for the work  they do every day, and I am proud to know many of them as friends and  as neighbors.   But what is interesting to me right now is there is a push that is  happening from the Biden administration to divide teachers, teachers  who are in public school education, that there are some who are like  the good public school teachers, and apparently there are some that-- you are the bad public school teachers. And it is not based on the  ratings for their students or the quality of their teaching; it is  based on which public school they choose to be able to serve in.   You see, the Biden administration has put out a new policy to try to  crush public charter schools. How are they doing it? They are saying  that if there are open desks in other public schools, then the public  charter school can't prove a need for them to exist at all, and they  want to just be able to wipe them out.   Stop. Let me just set this in context for you. In Oklahoma, there is  a school called Harding Charter Preparatory High School. Maybe you  wouldn't know it, but U.S. News & World Report--they know it. U.S. News  & World Report--with 18,000 schools in America, they rank the 18,000  schools in America. U.S. News & World Report ranked Harding Charter  Preparatory School in Oklahoma City 115th out of 18,000 schools. In  fact, in Oklahoma, Harding Charter Preparatory High School was ranked  No. 1. The No. 1 school in the State is this public charter school.   Now, it happens to be in an area where there are open desks in other  schools around it, so it won't meet the need requirement that the Biden  administration is putting out to say: You can't prove a need for your  existence. So the No. 1 school in our State could be wiped out because  those public school teachers are teaching at the wrong public school.   What else can I tell you about Harding? At Harding, 100 percent of  the students go to AP classes--100 percent of them. What else can I  tell you about Harding? Seventy-two percent of the students at Harding  Preparatory School are minorities--72 percent--and it is the No. 1  school in our State.   What is different about a public charter school and a traditional  public school? Well, the rules for the kids are exactly the same--the  same testing requirements, the same State requirements, the same  Federal requirements for the kids. The rules are exactly the same for  the kids, but they are different for the grownups. The grownups have a  different set of rules. They have a different set of accountability in  charter schools.   What is the result they are getting? The No. 1 school in our State is  a charter school. The 115th school in the country is this charter  school. Yet, now the Biden administration is saying: You are going to  have to prove a need for it.   Can I tell you, the parents and families in Oklahoma have already  proven a need for it. I got an email in from one of those students, who  said: I was not getting access to these AP classes in the school--in  the public school they were in before. They had no shot of really  getting into the college they wanted to be able to get into until they  got into Harding Charter Preparatory School, a public charter school,  and now they have a shot.   I have to tell you, I don't understand the battle with choice that is  happening with parents in this country. I don't understand why suddenly  so many government officials want to be able to say to parents: You go  to that school, the school we choose; you can't move; you have to stay  right there--why that is suddenly the trend in America.   This growing push across our country for public charter schools, for  parents to be more involved in their child's education, for parents to  have new options in education, for parents to be able to have a choice  and some freedom, why is that so bad, that so many kids get a shot?   Can I tell you, I have two daughters. They are not the same. They  have different preferences. They have different ideas. They are both  beautiful and amazing girls. But, for some reason, the folks in the  Biden administration, in the Education Department, are saying: All kids  are the same, and we are going to require them to do it the way we want  all kids to do it--rather than allowing parents like me and parents  like others to be able to say: This child's best education environment  is in that location, in that public school, or another child has a  better educational environment in a different charter public school.   Don't lose track of this: They are both public schools. They both  have requirements for the students which are exactly the same, but the  rules for the grownups are different. Some in the teachers union do not  like that, and so this plan is to shut down this type of school, like  Harding.   I say let's stand with those parents and with those students, with  that charter school and a multitude of others in my State where parents  are engaged in their child's education and administrators in those  schools have to work twice as hard because they don't get the same  level of funding as other public schools. Let's support them, not try  to diminish them.   I yield the floor.   