 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, co- authored with Congresswoman Omar, in support of financial literacy  education. The amendment increases and decreases the Treasury Salaries  and Expenses account by $500,000. This is to encourage Treasury to work  with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to study the best models  for financial literacy programming and assist schools, nonprofits, and  localities in developing their own financial literacy programs for  young people and families.   If the pandemic has shown us anything it is that our financial well- being is important in times of crisis. Therefore, I believe it is  important to promote and establish financial literacy skills for  students across our nation to establish habits that will last a  lifetime. Studies have shown that 88 percent of Americans believe  finance education should be taught in schools and 92 percent of K-12  teachers believe that financial education should be taught in school,  but only 12 percent of teachers actually teach  [[Page H6854]]  the subject. Yet as of this year only 22.7 percent of U.S. high school  students are guaranteed to receive a personal finance education.   According to the Government Accountability Office, giving Americans  the information they need to make effective financial decisions can be  key to their well-being and to the country's economic health. The  global financial crisis, when many borrowers failed to fully understand  the risks associated with certain financial products and currently, the  economic hardships presented by the sudden disruptions caused by the  spread of COVID-19, underscore the need to improve individuals'  financial literacy and empower all Americans to make informed financial  decisions. This is especially true for young people as they are earning  their first paychecks, securing student aid, and establishing their  financial independence.   I believe America should be leading the world with the best-educated  students who will drive our economic innovation and success.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment.   