 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Domestic  Terrorism Prevention Act of 2021.   We are at an important crossroads in this country. With white  supremacy on the rise and violent extremists fueling each other's  bigotry and hate, we are seeing an alarming increase in domestic  terrorism fueled by this hatred.   A recent analysis from the Center for Strategic and International  Studies showed that in 2020, domestic terrorism in America was at its  highest level since information started being collected nearly 30 years  ago.   In 2019, Michael McGarrity, Assistant Director for the  Counterterrorism Division of the FBI stated that, ``racially motivated  violent extremists are responsible for the majority of lethal attacks  and fatalities perpetrated by domestic terrorists since 2000.''   Mr. Speaker, we are talking about the safety and security of every  American, and the targeting of already marginalized groups.   We also witnessed this just days ago in Buffalo, when a self- proclaimed white supremacist, fascist, and anti-Semite targeted the  Black community, murdering ten victims in a supermarket.   We saw this last year in Atlanta when a gunman attacked Asian women  in spas.   We saw it in the bomb threats at HBCUs and Jewish synagogues, and as  terrorists have attacked Black churches, synagogues, and Sikh temples.   We keep seeing it over and over again. Congress needs to act.   We can start today by passing the bipartisan Domestic Terrorism  Prevention Act. This legislation will create offices at the DOJ, FBI,  and DHS to monitor, investigate, and prosecute cases of domestic  terrorism, a long-overdue update to not only help prevent these  horrific crimes, but to also bring perpetrators to justice.   This bill would also improve and streamline information-sharing and  training systems between different law enforcement agencies, including  at the local and State level, to better our understanding of and  response to incidents of domestic terrorism and white supremacy.   And finally, it would establish an interagency task force to combat  white supremacist infiltration of our military and Federal law  enforcement--a terrifying trend that we need to combat now before it  gets any worse.   I thank Representative Schneider for introducing this desperately  needed legislation. I am proud to be an original cosponsor. I thank  Chairman Nadler for his leadership, and I urge all  [[Page H5148]]  my colleagues to support this important bill. It should be a strong  bipartisan vote. Say ``no'' to white supremacy and domestic terrorism  in America.   