 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Braun, Murray, and I be able to complete our remarks prior to the  scheduled votes.    Mr. President, I want to follow up on the statement made  by the Republican Senate leader, and I agree with many of the things he  said. We disagree with others. But there is a way for us to show our  commitment not only to our troops but to the defense of causes that are  important to America, and it is in his hands. It is known as the  appropriations bill for the Department of Defense. It is known as the  appropriations and budget for the United States of America.   Where are we now? We are on something called a continuing resolution.  That means we haven't decided. We can't get an agreement from the  Republican leader to move forward on the spending bills for this fiscal  year, which began October 1. We are spending at last year's levels when  the Biden administration has asked for more money for the Nation's  defense, and who is stopping him? The Republican leader.   So he can't have it both ways and argue we need to invest more in the  defense of America and then stop us from an appropriations process that  does just that. Let's get it done. This should have been done before  last October 1, and his cooperation means it can be done now.   Now, let me say there is another aspect to it. Many speeches are  given about the rise in crime in America. I know this personally,  representing the State of Illinois and the great city of Chicago. The  number of violent gun crimes in this last calendar year was just  shocking. When you look at all of the people who have been hurt and  killed with the use of guns in cities across America, it is clear that  we need to invest in our police force and law enforcement. Hold them  accountable for the right values and the right conduct, but put in  their hands the resources to  [[Page S466]]  protect us in our homes and our neighborhoods.   What is holding that up? The same decision by the Republican leader  not to bring any appropriations bills forward for approval by the  Congress. This is just mindless. You can't preach on one hand that you  want to fund the police and then stop the appropriations process, which  the Republicans in the Senate have done.   It is time to pass the Omnibus appropriations bill so the resources  are going to ATF and to the U.S. Attorney's Offices and other law  enforcement agencies that can help the State and local law enforcement  efforts to try to suppress this violent crime.   So don't preach about the need for this money and then turn around  and stop the effort here on Capitol Hill. Why aren't we voting on an  Omnibus appropriations bill this week? Why? Why can't we get this done  next week? It was supposed to be done last October, and it is time for  us to do it.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from Maryland  [[Page S468]]  (Mr. Van Hollen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Van Hollen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Van Hollen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  is necessarily absent.    Madam President, may I make an inquiry of the Chair?   How long was that last rollcall?    Can the Chair report the last Senator who voted?    Thank you, Madam Chair.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Van Hollen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  [[Page S487]]  the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan), and the Senator from Maryland  (Mr. Van Hollen) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.   