 Madam Speaker, I am enormously grateful to  Chair Waters for her advocacy for safe, decent, and affordable housing  and her support. I thank the Representative from Arkansas for his kind  words.   The Housing Temperature Safety Act, H.R. 6528, comes more than 6  months following the tragedy of Twin Parks North West which was the  scene of the deadliest fire in New York City history in more than three  decades. Even though the immediate cause of the fire was a  malfunctioning space heater, the deeper cause of the fire cannot be  overlooked.   We must ask ourselves a simple but fundamental question: What  prompted tenants to use hazardous space heaters in the first place?   The answer, of course, is the chronic deprivation of heat and hot  water which is all too common in places like the South Bronx. Tenants  freezing in their apartments are left with no choice but to resort to  space heaters out of desperation for heat. A space heater is often a  cry for help and a cry for heat.   The catastrophic fire at Twin Parks North West was a consequence not  only of a broken space heater but also of an equally broken system of  housing code enforcement.   The Housing Temperature Safety Act would pilot the use of heat  sensors which would enable State and local housing administrators to  monitor heat and hot water levels in real time in order to hold  property owners accountable for providing sufficient heat and hot  water.   When I served on the New York City Council, I passed a local law  establishing the New York City Heat Sensors Program which led to a 58  percent decline in heat and hot water complaints among buildings where  the sensors were installed.   The Housing Temperature Safety Act of 2022 presents us with a  historic opportunity to harness the power of technology to bring  housing code enforcement into the 21st century which is long overdue.   Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote for H.R.  6528 and embrace the future of housing enforcement in America.   