 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is difficult to put into words what it  is like to stand here on the floor of the U.S. Senate on this day of  all days.   For 163 years, this space has been the home of the upper Chamber of  the American Congress. What has taken place inside this room over the  centuries has determined in very real ways the trajectory of our  Nation. In this room, we carry on the mission handed down to us by the  Framers to assure the voice of the people is heard and represented and  acted upon.   But 1 year ago today, on January 6, 2021, mob violence descended upon  this Chamber and upon this Capitol. Thousands of rioters, possessed by  equal measures of rage, conspiracy, and spurred into action by the  sitting President of the United States, attacked the U.S. Capitol in an  armed, violent, and deadly effort to halt the peaceful transfer of  power.   Its windows were smashed. Its offices were vandalized. And lawmakers  and our staffs--everyday citizens who love their country and work here  every day--feared for their lives. Nearly 140 police officers were  injured, and at least 5 people lost their lives that day or in its  aftermath.   The warnings of history are clear. When democracies are in danger, it  often starts with a mob. That is what happened a year ago here in this  building: a mob attack. And for mob violence to win the day, it doesn't  need everyone to join in. It just needs a critical mass of people to  stay out of the way, to ignore it, to underestimate it, to excuse it  and even condone it.   The mob can start out as a small number, but if it is allowed to grow  and leaders egg on the mob, encourage it, it can become poison. That is  what Donald Trump is doing, as even his response to President Biden's  speech today showed. And once that happens, the unthinkable could  become real. Democracy erodes and could, God forbid--God forbid, horror  of horrors--vanish.   The poisonous mob mentality lives on today in the threats against  election workers, poll workers, even other public servants like school  board members and health workers. This is what erodes a democracy. And  Donald Trump today continues to spread his poisonous vile about the Big  Lie.   To borrow from President Franklin Roosevelt, the violent insurrection  of January 6 was a day that will live forever in infamy, a permanent  stain in the story of the American democracy and the final bitter,  unforgivable act of the worst President in modern times.   Today, on this first anniversary, Members from both the House and  Senate and our staffs, the President, and the Vice President are here  today at the Capitol, and one of our purposes is to share memories in  commemoration of that day. At noon we will hold a moment of silence in  honor of those who were lost because of the attack.   And to all my colleagues and to staff who struggle to get through  today, you are not alone. You are not alone. We are here by your side.  The Employee Assistance Program has resources available to all Senate  staff who are processing what happened a year ago.   Let me share my personal experience on that day. As I have recounted  many times since then, my personal experience that day was, in some  ways, like  [[Page S56]]  the opening sentence of Charles Dickens' ``A Tale of Two Cities'': the  best of times, the worst of times.   First came the best of times. Twelve hours before the attack, at 4  a.m. in the morning, I learned--or several hours before the attack, at  4 a.m., I learned that our two Democratic Senators had won in Georgia  and we would gain the majority.   At 4 a.m. it became clear. I tried to get some sleep, couldn't, got  down in my car, drove to Washington, and got to the floor of this  Chamber at 1 p.m., for the first time as the putative majority leader.   Within 45 minutes of sitting there and watching the beginning of  counting the ballots, a police officer in a big flak jacket and a large  rifle grabbed me firmly by the collar like this--I will never forget  that grip--and said to me: ``Senator, we've got to get out of here.  You're in danger.''   We walked out the Senate Chamber door, made a right turn, went  through another door. This happened to be captured on the videotape  above, and it was shown at the impeachment trial, although I didn't  even know they had the tape until I saw it at the impeachment trial.  But we go through the door. You don't see us for 20 seconds. And then  we are running out of the door at full speed.   I was within 30 feet of these nasty, racist, bigoted  insurrectionists. Had someone had a gun, had two of them blocked off  the door, who knows what would have happened. I was told later that one  of them reportedly said: ``There's the big Jew. Let's get him.''   Bigotry against one is bigotry against all. And I saw something that  I had been told later never happened before--the Confederate flag  flying in this dear Capitol. That is just one of many searing,  grotesque images of that unimaginable, most un-American day.   There were good moments too. I remember when the leaders--Senator  McConnell, myself, Speaker Pelosi, Leader McCarthy--were sent off to  the secret place. We convened after desperately trying to get the  President on the phone to ask him to call the rioters off. We spoke to  the Secretary of Defense and the Acting Attorney General, but to no  avail. But then the four of us got together and said: We are going to  come back. We are going to count those votes. We are not going to let  the violent insurrectionists stop us. And count the votes we did until,  I believe it was 3 a.m. the next morning. That was the moment, amidst a  lot of bad moments.    So now we ask 1 year later, how shall our country move forward? What  are we to say and think and do in response to a day when a sitting  American President, rather than step down from office, unleashed his  own supporters to attack the government through mob violence? How can  we help those scarred by that day find solace, find healing? How can we  make clear to the American people, to the world, and even to ourselves  that our democracy is still whole?   First, we must begin by commemorating our emergency responders who  have died, whether through complications from injuries or, sadly,  through suicide in the days and months after the violence: Brian  Sicknick of New Jersey; Howie Liebengood of Virginia; Billy Evans of  Massachusetts; Jeffrey Smith of Illinois; and Gunther Hashida of  Virginia. Today and every day, we remember them; we mourn their loss;  we honor their limitless heroism in the face of the unthinkable.   Second, we also thank every single member of the Capitol Police, the  DC Metro Police, and the National Guard, who kept us safe and prevented  a violent riot from turning into something much worse. That afternoon,  our Capitol Police were outnumbered, unprepared, and largely left on  their own. Just watching on television the brutal beating of one of  them by the mob, another being crushed between a door and a wall, just  rips your heart apart. You relive that day, and you remember how the  Capitol Police suffered but persisted and helped preserve our  democracy. When they held the line, our democracy survived. So not only  do we thank them but we commit to continue supporting them and fighting  for them as they fought to defend this building.   Finally, the only way we will truly move forward from January 6 is by  speaking truth to power--we cannot avoid it--the truth about what  happened that day, about what led to the violence, and about what it  means for our democracy moving forward.   I say this because too many--often depending on their allegiances-- seem desperate to sweep the memory of January 6 under the rug. Too many  are working to rewrite the history of what happened, to downplay or  excuse or even defend the mob, to excuse an insurrection of this very  Capitol. Too many are hoping the American people will just look away  and forget that day ever took place. After all, they say, Donald Trump  is no longer President, right? That can't happen. We can't let that  happen. We have an obligation not to let that happen because history  shows us that when you ignore or paint over this kind of violent  action, it will recur, often in worse form than it had originally. That  is what history shows.   We didn't look away after the attack on Pearl Harbor. We didn't look  away after the attacks on 9/11. They may have been from foreign powers,  but we still--just because it was Americans who did this, we cannot  look away after the attack of January 6. What we must do instead is  stare the truth, however ugly, in the face: The attack of January 6  didn't come out of the blue. It was not an act of God. It was not  something that came from foreign soil. It wasn't even just some mere  protest that got out of hand. No, no, no, no, no. January 6 was an  attempt to reverse, through violent means, the outcome of a free and  fair election, an insurrection--call it what it is, what it was. It was  fundamentally rooted in Donald Trump's Big Lie that the election of  2020 was illegitimate, in deep offense to the peaceful transfer of  power--indeed, in deep offense to the very notion of truth itself.   Anyone who thinks that the origins of this insurrection are going  away should just have listened a few moments ago when Donald Trump did  it again--lying and lying and lying about the election, a clear  reminder of the threat that he and his lie remain to our Nation.   Alarmingly--alarmingly--many of his supporters quickly embraced the  lie in the aftermath of the 2020 election. Many of them truly believed  and still believe that he won the election and the game was rigged--not  a small number, large numbers of Americans; if you look at polls, tens  of millions.   It didn't matter there was no proof to any of these claims. Donald  Trump kept saying it and saying it and saying it again. And he called  his supporters to rally here in Washington in a last-ditch effort to  stay in power. We all know this. That is what happened. We can't forget  it.   It was Donald Trump's Big Lie that soaked our political landscape in  kerosene. It was Donald Trump's rally on The Mall that struck the  match. Then came the fire. And pouring gasoline on that fire are many  in one branch of our media who spread the Big Lie then and continue to  spread the Big Lie even though they know it is false, and millions  listen to these people and believe it.   Here, too, is another terrible truth: The disease of the Big Lie  continues to this day. The attacks on our democracy are ongoing, if not  by the force of baseball bats and pipe bombs, then certainly through a  quieter and much more organized effort to subvert democracy from the  bottom up.    Just as the Big Lie inspired the attack of January 6, the Big Lie  continues like a disease across State legislatures throughout the  country, where we are seeing the most restrictive voter suppression  efforts since Jim Crow--since Jim Crow--in 21st-century America,  turning the clock way back.   Let's be abundantly clear. These new anti-voter laws are on the books  today only because their authors cited the Big Lie, cited the  fictitious bugaboo of voter fraud and are trying to succeed where the  insurrection failed.   Unless we confront the Big Lie, unless we all do our part to fortify  and strengthen our democracy, the political violence of January 6 risks  becoming not an aberration but, God forbid, the norm. And we have seen  it, too, with the threats against election workers, teachers, school  administrators, healthcare workers. We cannot put our heads in the  sand. We cannot brush this over.   What does that mean for the Senate? I think we have to talk about the  realities here today too. It means we must  [[Page S57]]  pass legislation, effective legislation, to defend our democracy, to  protect the right to vote. We must pass the John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote Act so that our country's  destiny is determined by the voice of the people and not by the violent  whims of lies and even mob rule. We must also guard against the false  hopes of solutions that don't deal with the problem, that try to cover  it up or push it away because people don't want to deal with it.   Some say the answer lies in doing the bare minimum, like reforming  the Electoral Count Act that my friend the Republican leader has  floated in recent days. Let me take this opportunity to make clear that  that plan, the McConnell plan--that is what it is--is unacceptably  insufficient and even offensive. Scorekeeping matters little if the  game is rigged.   As we know too well, State legislatures are working day and night to  undermine our democratic process from the get-go by empowering  partisans to potentially say which ballots count and which do not. What  good is it to accurately count a result that is compromised from the  start?   Senator McConnell's plan to reform the Electoral Count Act would do  nothing more than codify the Vice President's ceremonial role in the  counting of the electoral college votes, effectively guaranteeing that  partisan State legislatures could overturn the elections without fear  of recourse. Look at what it does. Look at what it does. It is a  cynical idea. It is an idea to divert attention from the real issue  because they don't want to confront the real issue.   This cannot be. This should not be about one party versus another.  Voting rights have always been bipartisan--supported by Bush, H.W., and  W., supported by Reagan--passing this Chamber with large votes from  both sides of the aisle. That is what always used to happen until the  Republican Party was taken over by Donald Trump.   So it is not about one party versus another. It can't be. It is about  one terrible lie against democracy itself, the kind of lie that, if let  stand both verbally and in action, erodes our democracy--erodes our  democracy.   If a majority of people--there is already a substantial minority who  don't believe our elections are legitimate, aided and egged on by  Donald Trump and rightwing media. What if a majority of this country,  because of these pernicious actions, starts believing it? A majority of  Americans don't believe that elections are on the level? Just ask  yourself what will happen. I can't predict the details, but I can  predict that it will diminish the greatness of this country in small  and even large ways.   So we cannot--this should not be a partisan issue. It is about  falsehood versus truth. In the history of this country, we have always  disagreed on ideology but never on facts until recently and in such an  important area.   If lying about results of an election is acceptable, if instigating a  mob against the government is considered permissible, if encouraging  political violence becomes the norm, it will be open season on this  grand democracy, this noble experiment, and everything will be up for  grabs by whoever has the biggest clubs, the sharpest spears, the most  effective lies.   I do not believe that is the ultimate destiny of our country. The mob  may be strong, but the counter is stronger--the roots of democracy, the  feelings of the American people. And the affection and love for this  grand, noble experiment in democracy are stronger as long as we speak  out, as long as we act.   The wellspring of democracy is deep, and even in the most difficult  of times, Americans have rallied and risen to the occasion. Since the  early days of our Republic, Americans launched mighty movements, fought  a bloody civil war, and, yes, passed Federal election laws and voting  rights laws to expand the promise of democracy until there were no more  boundaries.   We are called on, importuned by the millions who have lost their  lives, to defend this democracy, to defend it once again. I call on all  Americans--Democrats, Republicans, Independents--to rise to the  occasion and ensure that the mob, the violence, the lies do not win the  day. Let the anniversary of January 6 forever serve as a reminder that  the march to perfect our democracy is never over; that our democracy is  a precious, sometimes fragile gift, purchased by those who struggled  before us and that all of us now must do our part to keep the American  vision going in the present and into the future.   Somehow, in ways I can't predict but I know are true, I am certain  that God's mysterious hand will guide us, and truth and right will  prevail.   I yield the floor.    Would my colleague yield for a minute?    OK. We are about to approach noon, where we will have a  moment of silence, not only in memory of those who were lost and those  who were injured, but in all of the workforce here on Capitol Hill, who  worked through that day under dire circumstances--they did an amazing  job--and in recognition of the great job they do for us every day.   So we thank not only the floor staff, but all of those who work here.   And with that, I think we will commence the moment of silence, and  after we finish, I will call on Senator Klobuchar and then Senator  Stabenow, who will resume. OK?   So if we might now at 12 noon--well, it is a little before. It is 2  minutes before.    Mr. President I ask we commence a minute of silence, a  [[Page S62]]  moment of silence, for all of those who have helped us then and help us  now, the staffs and everybody else.   