 Mr. President, I am very glad to stand with Senator  Cortez Masto to support this legislation and also recognize the  leadership of Senator Murray on this issue as we fight to protect  fundamental rights belonging to the women of America.   For nearly half a century, women relied on Roe's recognition that the  Constitution protects their right to decide if and when to have  children. A radical and captured Supreme Court has revoked this  constitutional right, disrupting the reliance and trust of generations  of women to make fundamental decisions about their own health and their  own futures.   Overturning Roe is wildly unpopular, which is why extremists went to  the captured Court to get a change that they could not get through the  democratic process. Deep-pocketed extremist interests invested hundreds  of millions of dollars over decades to build a Court where that kind of  stuff could get done.   It is an outrage. Women across this country are angry. Democrats in  Congress are angry, and we are fighting back in every way we can.   In addition to State abortion bans, emboldened legislatures are  readying even more extreme restrictions on women, like proposals to  investigate, prosecute, and sue women who travel out of State to get  the care they need. You think I am kidding? Legislation to this effect  has already been introduced in Missouri. The Constitution already  protects the right to interstate travel, but as we have now seen, we  can't rely on an increasingly extremist Supreme Court to protect our  rights.   Remember, in a large number of pregnancies, abortion actually becomes  medically necessary--medically necessary--for the health of the woman  to bear children in the future, for the life of the woman to survive,  the risk the pregnancy presents, for the risk to have other children.   So it is extremely important to make sure women can get that medical  care. It is extremely important to protect their right to make this  choice themselves. And it is extremely important to protect medical  professionals in States like Rhode Island, my home State, from  punishment for providing care to women from States where State  legislatures have made abortions illegal.   I was proud to work with Senator Cortez Masto from the outset to help  draft the Freedom to Travel for Healthcare Act. It will protect women's  rights to cross State lines and seek medical services and protect  providers in States that they are traveling to. I join my colleagues to  urge swift passage of this bill. This is just one step. There is much  more work to be done to stand against this continuing assault on  women's constitutional rights.   I yield the floor.   