 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S7155]]     Mr. President, many of us in Connecticut and  throughout the Nation awoke today with a heavy heart, with grief still  so raw that we could almost touch it.   I wish I could tell you that 10 years ago to this day was a blur. I  wish I could tell you that the memory of that day has dimmed. I wish I  could tell you that the knife-like sorrow and pain has subsided. But  the fact is, it is still raw and real for so many of us in Connecticut,  this day 10 years ago.   My mind goes back to the horrors of this day, and I think that  reliving it reminds us of the need to honor those 26 lives with action.  It is still searingly and scarily vivid--the voices, the faces, the  unforgettable moments of that tragedy, as we stood at the firehouse in  Sandy Hook and saw parents and loved ones emerge after learning that  their children or loved ones--beautiful babies and great educators-- would not be coming home that night; parents with their faces frozen in  shock and sorrow, struggling through tears; police and first responders  bent with disbelief and grief; townspeople, loved ones feeling helpless  and hopeless.   And at the wakes and funerals that followed, what we saw was a town  and a State that rallied together--but still the searing sorrow of  those losses and also the determination that was expressed that night  at St. Rose of Lima Church to turn that grief and sorrow into something  positive.   As I recall very vividly, at one of the wakes, I approached a mom who  had just lost her child and said: When you are ready, I would like to  talk about what we can do to stop this kind of gun violence. And she  looked at me through her tears and said: I am ready. I am ready now.   That is the spirit that Sandy Hook and Newtown brought to the world  as the world watched them. And many of them, not all, but many turned  that grief and loss into advocacy. They came here to the Capitol. They  asked us to do something about gun violence. They spoke to colleagues.  They crusaded. They sought to improve the background check system that  all too often allows people who are dangerous to have weapons, people  who should be separated from their guns or prevented from having them  in the first place.   And they were in this Gallery, many of them, when the vote on that  background check bill failed. It received 60 votes, but it failed--it  received less than 60 votes, so it failed. It received a majority but  not the 60 votes that it needed.   And from the Gallery I heard then and I still feel that it echoes in  this Chamber: Shame. Shame on you.   And, indeed, shame on us for the 10 years afterward when no action  came from this body.   In the last decade, they have continued that crusade. They have  helped to form a movement. They have been joined by tens of thousands  of others in a movement to change the law, to turn that trauma and loss  into positive social change and reform, and they have helped create a  movement--organizations like Giffords and Newtown Action Alliance,  Sandy Hook Promise, Moms Demand Action, Students Demand Action, the  Newtown Action Alliance, Connecticut Against Gun Violence, many of them  coming here and working year after year.   That episode and others like it--the scourge of gun violence--have  given rise to that movement.   And through that decade, literally 41,000 Americans have died every  year. One million Americans in total have been shot. Gun violence is  now the leading cause of death among American children and teens. Every  day, eight children and teens are unintentionally or accidentally  injured or killed due to an unlocked or unsupervised gun.   But the survivors and the loved ones have become the difference  makers, and they have been joined by law enforcement and parents,  teachers, medical professionals, activists and advocates who have said  to us: Enough is enough. And their determination and courage, their  conviction, that momentum has created a different trajectory, a  different climate of opinion in this country so that now a majority of  Americans want commonsense, sensible controls on gun violence.   So the passage of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act was not an  accident of history; it was the culmination of a movement that is still  growing and spreading in its influence and impact.   And there is no minimizing the importance of the measure that we  passed with strong bipartisan support last August. It improves the  background system. It closes the boyfriend loophole. It helps stop gun  trafficking. It adopts the concept of red flag statutes, intervention  in crisis, separating people from guns when they are going to kill  themselves or others or at least tell people they are going to do it.   And that red flag or emergency risk protection order movement is one  that we in Connecticut initiated. We were the first to pass that  statute. And I have worked with Senator Graham and others in bipartisan  expansion of that proposal, and it is already helping to save lives. In  Florida, it has saved countless lives, in Connecticut--in the 19 States  where there are red flag statutes. And the act as a whole is helping to  save lives.   As my colleague Senator Murphy, who will speak shortly, has said, the  reforms on the background check system alone have helped to save lives,  and I credit him with his leadership in passing that measure.   And yet--and yet--the deaths continue. We know that that measure was  not the single solution or the panacea that will solve the problem of  gun violence, the scourge, the epidemic of gun violence deaths in this  country.   We have broken the grip of the gun lobby. The NRA is a shadow of  itself, and we have a movement that is growing in importance and  impact, but there is so much more to be done in the law. We need  Ethan's Law, safe storage, such as we have done in Connecticut,  strengthened red flag and emergency risk protection order statutes,  better background check systems to make them more complete and better  enforceable, and, yes, ban on assault weapons, high-capacity magazines,  ghost guns, which are the scourge of law enforcement.   And so I say to the advocates and activists who are continuing this  movement: We will continue that work. We will honor with action the  lives which are lost not only in Sandy Hook but all around this  country, day after day, in drive-by shootings, in crimes, and criminal  assaults in domestic violence.   Just in this past month, a brave young woman, Julie Minogue, was lost  in Connecticut to domestic violence, where a protective order should  have helped to save her life.   And we owe our police more support and resources to enforce those  protective orders and to take action against gun violence. They are  unsung heroes. And in the wake of Sandy Hook, many of them experienced  trauma and mental health challenges that still linger with them. On  this day, we should remember and commemorate and celebrate the service  of our police and, yes, our teachers who also, every day, have to do  the drills and experience the fear and apprehension for themselves and  their students.   They are also unsung heroes of Sandy Hook and afterward; and parents  who have to explain why they have that apprehension and why their  children have to prepare for those drills; our medical professionals in  the emergency room who see this trauma and the death and injury day in  and day out.   They are doing their jobs. Our teachers are doing their jobs. Our  police are doing their jobs. Parents are doing their jobs. Congress is  not doing its job. Thank you to them for doing their job. Congress must  do its job to strengthen our laws and prevent gun violence.   And there is a new generation of activists and advocates coming  along. The young woman who spoke at the vigil last Wednesday night and  introduced President Biden--a survivor of Sandy Hook--is just one  example; March For Our Lives, emanating from Parkland. All of the young  people who are demonstrating that positive energy that is so critically  important in advancing this movement, they are showing awe-inspiring  hope and grace. Junior Newtown Action Line is another example.   The community of Sandy Hook has responded with dazzling strength and  [[Page S7156]]  courage. That community has not only rallied around the loved ones who  have experienced unspeakable loss, but they have helped to support the  charitable and nonprofits that those families formed in the wake of  those losses.   They have truly chosen love, those families. Many of them have  established foundations and nonprofits that benefit music, art,  education, scholarships for students, animal sanctuaries.   I have worked with the Jesse Lewis Choose Love Movement, started by  Scarlett Lewis; the Sandy Hook Promise organization, started by the  Hockley and Barden families; the Catherine Violet Hubbard Foundation;  Ben's Lighthouse; the Emilie Parker Art Foundation; the Vicki Soto  Memorial Fund, which just a couple of weeks ago had a run in Stratford,  a 5K, to benefit the great work that it is doing on scholarships; the  Avielle Foundation; and the Ana Grace Project. The list goes on. It is  a part of this story because Sandy Hook is the story not only of social  change and legal and legislative reform, but it is also an intensely  personal story about grace and grit, about courage and strength, and  about a personal dedication to making good come out of the unimaginable  horror and evil on that day.   Sandy Hook in Connecticut is also the story about peacekeepers--a new  generation of peacekeepers, young people who are dedicated in Hartford  through the Compass Youth Collaborative, graduates of the Brother Carl  Hardrick Institute, who are determined to try to prevent violence and  reach out to others of their age and stop gun violence before it begins  by enlisting others in peacekeeping and intervention.   That is also the result of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act,  because the investment of $15 billion in mental health and crisis  intervention and community organization is, at the end of the day, a  critical part of stopping gun violence.   The survivors club, as someone has said, is one that no one wants to  join. This survivors club of gun violence is a network that no one  wants to be a part of personally. And yet, as long as the violence  continues, there will be survivors and loved ones, like the great and  graceful families of Sandy Hook.   As our heart goes out to them on this day, we should keep in mind and  in our hearts the need to honor with action--continuing action. They  are doing their job. Police, teachers, medical professionals, parents,  all of the professionals are doing their jobs. Congress must do its  job. The time is for action--more action now.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Connecticut, who has been such  a champion in this effort, Senator Murphy.   