 Today, we will have a bill before us ostensibly titled and  ostensibly about the subject of domestic terrorism.   But this bill would be more accurately called the Democrat plan to  brand and insult our police and soldiers as White supremacists and neo- Nazis. How insulting.   I have met our Nation's policemen. I have visited with policemen  across Kentucky, through our big cities and small, and I have not met  one policeman motivated or consumed with any kind of sort of racial  rage. What I have met are proud policemen and women who care about the  people that they protect in our society, but also who care about their  fellow officers.   I have not met one policeman who would not defend their partner:  Black, White, Jewish, Christian, Muslim. I don't see the kind of sort  of insulting rage that the Democrats have for our police.   I have met our country's young soldiers and marines. I don't meet  racists. I don't meet White supremacists. I don't meet neo-Nazis. I  meet young men and women who are courageous enough to defend our  country. And what an insult it is to put a bill before this House that  says: Oh, somehow our marines are consumed with White supremacy and  neo-Nazism. How insulting.   In fact, I don't think you could look at a group of young men and  women who are more adapted to the times, who are more accepting of  their fellow man. And I have never--I have never--heard of a marine  saying: Oh, I am not going to carry my fallen colleague out because he  is African American. I have never heard of an African-American marine  saying: I am not going to carry out my fellow marine because they are  White.   If there is any kind of grouping in our country more accustomed to  treating people because they are your fellow soldier and your friend,  it is the military. To insinuate that the military is consumed with  White supremacy is an insult. To insinuate that our soldiers are  somehow these terrible people, these neo-Nazis and White supremacists,  that we are going to get a new government Agency to police the  marines--the marines are a proud part of our military. Our soldiers are  a proud part of our country. These are the people who do not see color,  who do not see race, who do not see religion. These are the people who  don't leave their fallen.   Do you think the marines go around saying ``Oh, we are going to leave  our fallen if they have a certain race or religion''? You don't see  that. The marines, the soldiers in our country, the people who defend  our country, the people who defend and love our country, are the least  consumed with any kind of notion of race. How insulting.   This bill states as if it were a fact in the beginning of section 5  that this bill will create ``an interagency task force to analyze and  combat White supremacist and neo-Nazi infiltration of the uniformed  services and federal law enforcement.'' This is not just an insult to  your local police or to the Marines or to the Army and to the Navy;  this is an insult to the FBI; it is an insult to the Capitol Police.  This bill says that they have been infiltrated. This says that our  police are consumed with some kind of race rage.   It is untrue, and it is slander, and it is scandalous, but it is  predictable. This is the party that wants to defund the police. But  this party not only wants to defund the police, they think the police  are full of hatred and racism. It is not true.   Every policeman in our country, every soldier in our country should  look at this bill and say: Who are these people? White supremacy and  neo-Nazism infiltration of the Marines? That is not true. It is an  insult to every marine in our country. It is an insult to every soldier  in our country. It is an insult to every policeman in our country. It  is an insult to the Capitol Police.   I don't see this in our country. I actually see our armed services as  probably one of the areas where people intermix regardless of race and  religion better than any segment. These are our young men and women who  live in close quarters in barracks. These are our young men and women  who go overseas. These are our young men and women who have given arms  and legs, and I don't hear examples--I don't know of an example of some  guy who says: Oh, yeah, we were blown up by an IED, but we decided to  leave that guy because he is of a different race. How insulting.   So you are going to have a task force to investigate our soldiers.  This is a Federal task force that is going to go in and investigate our  soldiers for White supremacy--I guess read their emails, read what  websites they go to--because the implication is they are guilty until  they can prove themselves innocent. That is what this will set up. It  will set up more government Agencies that presume your guilt. But it is  an insult to our armed services, to our police, and to anybody who  works in law enforcement.   One might well ask if Democrats now believe that the U.S. military  and Federal, State, and local police departments are all corrupted. Are  there White supremacists and neo-Nazis running around our country?   Look, when I visit even the larger cities in Kentucky, when I visit  the Louisville Police Department, guess what. I see African Americans  and Whites working together and Brown, Hispanic--whatever you want to  call people--all working together. I see high-ranking people in our  department who are African American. I don't see that everybody is  running around hating each other. I see Black officers and White  officers who work together as partners, who care about each other and  would defend to the last breath their partner if they were shot in the  line of duty. I have seen the officers who have been shot, Black and  White. I don't see any of them saying: Oh, yeah, well, we are not going  to do anything because that person is of a certain race.   This bill is an insult to every police officer in this country. This  bill is an insult to everyone in our armed services. This bill says  that the armed services have been infiltrated by White supremacy.   So if you are a soldier in our country, if you are a policeman in our  country, you need to let your Congressman or Senator know that you are  not a White supremacist and that it is an insult for the Democrats to  call you a White supremacist. It is an insult for the Democrats to say  our police force is full of White supremacy, that our armed services is  full of this.   Everybody in this country who works in law enforcement should be  outraged by this bill and should respond and say: No, that is not me,  and that is not any of my colleagues. That is not what the Kentucky  police force is about. That is not what the National Guard is about.  That is not what the Marines are about. What an insult. What an insult.   So what do they do? They set up a new Department in Homeland  Security. Isn't Homeland Security Federal too? Have they not been  infiltrated as well?   See, the implication of this bill is that all people are bad, that  there is this great and worrisome thing that is infecting America--when  the opposite is true.   I was born in the 1960s. Every decade has gotten better. People get  along better. We have more intermarriage between races. We have more  integration within churches. I see less and less of this that everybody  is saying is now infecting us.   But they don't realize that they are insulting everyone. They are  insulting the police. They are insulting our marines. They are  insulting our armed services.   The bill creates two other Departments. These essentially are  Departments that are going to be the thought police of the military.   We just took down the ``Ministry of Truth,'' which was in the  Department  [[Page S2717]]  of Homeland Security. It took a couple of weeks for them to finally be  ashamed that they were going to try to censor speech, and the Biden  administration has canceled it or at least put it on pause. But this  bill will create two other Agencies, two other thought police offices  at the Department of Justice and the FBI--seems like a self-defeating  choice since elsewhere in the bill, we are told that Federal law  enforcement is completely infiltrated by White supremacists and neo- Nazis.    But, again, none of the bill makes sense. It doesn't make sense  because it was a bill that was never intended to become law and won't.  It is a dumb Washington talking points memo masquerading as  legislation, but it is also a grave insult to anyone involved in law  enforcement, anyone involved in the military. But congressional  Democrats have gotten so radical, so extreme, so out of touch with the  American people, that when they read it, they think this is something  worthwhile to do. It is a messaging bill for today.   This bill will fail today, though, because the Democrats' message-- hate the police; defund the police; the police are terrible people; the  military are terrible people--to slander the military and the police as  racist and White supremacist has been roundly rejected by the American  people and will continue to be.   