 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  complete my remarks, which will be brief.    Mr. President, since President Biden took office, we have  made tremendous economic progress as a country. Our economic growth  last year exceeded that of China's for the first time in 20 years, and  Federal Reserve nominees who have come before the Senate are crucial to  continuing that progress. As Americans face rising prices caused by  corporate greed, a global pandemic, and Putin's war, having a full  Federal Reserve Board has never been more vital.   A few weeks ago, the Senate confirmed Lael Brainard to be Vice Chair  of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Vice Chair  Brainard has served as a member of the Federal Reserve since 2014, when  she led bipartisan action to support families through the COVID-19  economic crisis and worked to create a better payments system that  works for consumers and small banks. She has championed efforts to  modernize and strengthen the Community Reinvestment Act, a landmark  civil rights law to start to undo the dark legacy brought on by Jim  Crow and, ultimately, redlining. We saw her tremendous efforts pay off.  Last week, all three Federal banking Agencies moved forward with their  new, historic CRA proposal.   Earlier this week, Democrats supported the historic nomination of Dr.  Lisa Cook, who is a prominent economist with years of research and  international experience on monetary policy, banking, and financial  crises. She is the first Black woman to serve on the Board of Governors  in the 109-year history of the Federal Reserve. She has seen how  economic policy affects all kinds of people in different parts of the  country, from the rural South where she grew up in Milledgeville, GA,  to the industrial Midwest at Michigan State University--one of the  great Midwestern State universities of this country--where she built  her career.   Dr. Cook is a Spelman College alumna. She was a Marshall Scholar and  a Truman Scholar. She studied at Oxford University. She earned her  Ph.D. in economics at Berkeley. She is a tenured professor of economics  and international relations at Michigan State.   Last night, the Senate confirmed Dr. Philip Jefferson, one of the  country's leading thinkers on the economics of poverty. He will be a  critical voice on the Fed. He is the vice president for academic  affairs, dean of faculty, and Freeland professor of economics at  Davidson College. He began his career as a Fed economist. He grew up,  as he  [[Page S2477]]  says, in the shadow of RFK Stadium in the Southeast part of this city.  He served as chair of the economics department at Swarthmore College,  my daughter Emily's alma mater. Dr. Jefferson would be only the fourth  Black man to serve as a Fed Governor.   Both Dr. Jefferson and Dr. Cook will bring important perspectives on  poverty, inequality, and racial equity to the Fed--perspectives that  have been missing for most of the last 109 years.   Today, we will vote on Jerome Powell, who has earned the  opportunity--earned the opportunity--to lead the Fed as Chair for  another term. He has been a steadfast defender of the Federal Reserve's  independence, resisting unprecedented attacks by former President Trump  to politicize the Fed. I know he will similarly resist those in  Congress who see inflation not as a burden on American families but as  a chance to blame the President of the United States for something that  is complex due chiefly to things that happened before he was President  and mainly to corporate greed and global events. Along with now-Vice  Chair Brainard, he played an instrumental role in stabilizing our  economy in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. He has been a reliable  voice and a steady hand through this crisis.   All of the nominees for the Fed have received an unprecedented amount  of support from across the political spectrum--more letters of  endorsement than I have ever seen for Federal Reserve nominees--from  State regulators, economists, bankers, and former government officials,  consumer groups, civil rights advocates, and on and on and on.   I congratulate Vice Chair Brainard and Governor Cook and Governor  Jefferson on their nominations and confirmations. I urge my colleagues  to vote to confirm Chair Powell.   Last point. I will continue to work with my colleagues to round out  the full complement of the Federal Reserve--it has not had a full seven  members in almost a decade--when we confirm in a few weeks the Vice  Chair of Supervision nominee, Michael Barr. The Banking, Housing, and  Urban Affairs Committee will hold a hearing on Mr. Barr's nomination  next week. We will move swiftly to vote.   I urge my colleagues to support Chair Powell today and to support Mr.  Barr's nomination as Vice Chair soon.   I am confident all of the President's nominees will fiercely guard  the Fed's independence and will work to bring down prices and, most  importantly, put workers and families at the center of our economic  policy.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   