 Thank you, L.F. It is great to be back in the House  today. I am glad you have made passing reference to the Senate. It is  good to be on the House floor where the motto in this institution as I  can always remember is, the other party is the opposition, and the  Senate is the enemy.   So I am glad you include Senators in the former Members organization.   It is my great pleasure to report on the work of the Congressional  Study Groups on Germany, Japan, Europe, and Korea, the flagship  international program of the FMC.   The study groups are independent, bipartisan legislative exchanges  that engage current Members of Congress and their senior staff and  strive to create a better understanding and cooperation between the  United States and our most important strategic and economic partners.   Unique in their year-round, bipartisan, and non-advocacy outreach to  Capitol Hill, the Congressional Study Groups remain a premier forum for  productive, candid, and topical dialogue on the issues most relevant to  our friends and allies abroad.   Featuring voices from Congress, the diplomatic community,  administration officials, the private sector, and civil society, study  group programming attracts a large and diverse group of policymakers  who are committed to productive dialogue.   Each study group has a bipartisan membership roster of between 75 and  125 Members of Congress and is led by a bipartisan, bicameral pair of  co-chairs. Our co-chairs are true leaders, who not only serve in their  role at the official study group events but are also called on by  various embassies and outside organizations to speak on panels, attend  roundtables, and meet with countless visiting delegations to the United  States.   I would take just a moment to acknowledge the service of our co- chairs for their dedication to these critical programs:   The Congressional Study Group on Germany is led by Senator Tim Scott,  Senator Jeanne Shaheen, Representative Brendan Boyle, and  Representative August Pfluger.   The Congressional Study Group on Japan is led by Senator Dan  Sullivan, Senator Lisa Murkowski, Representative Diana DeGette, and  Representative Larry Bucshon.   The Congressional Study Group on Korea is led by Senator Brian  Schatz, Senator Dan Sullivan, Representative Ami Bera, and  Representative Young Kim.   The Congressional Study Group on Europe is led by Senator John  Boozman of the great State of Arkansas, Senator Chris Murphy,  Representative Bill Huizenga, and Representative Deborah Ross.   A few highlights from our program calendar in the last 12 months  include:   Annual Congressional Member Study Tour to Japan, visiting both Tokyo  and Kyoto.   Annual Congressional Member Study Tour to Korea, visiting Seoul.   The 37th Annual Congress-Bundestag Seminar hosted by Representative  Brendan Boyle in Pennsylvania.  [[Page H9704]]    A Senior Congressional Staff Study Tour to Dusseldorf and Cologne,  Germany.   Two Senior Congressional Staff Study Tours to Korea.   Two Senior Congressional Staff Study Tours to Japan.   Over 55 high-level exchanges and roundtables here in our Nation's  capital.   So it has been a very full and very busy year for the Congressional  Study Groups.   As former Members of Congress, we are proud to bring the important  services provided by the Congressional Study Groups to our colleagues  still in office and are proud to play an active role in our continued  international outreach.   Now we will hear from Ambassador Connie Morella.   