 Madam President, folks in Texas and across the country  are looking to their elected officials for sound leadership. Family  budgets are being clobbered by the worst inflation in 40 years. From  gas stations to grocery stores and everywhere in between, people are  spending significantly more money on their basic expenses. Inflation  has outpaced wage growth, giving the average worker a pay cut. That is  what inflation does. It erodes and undermines your standard of living  by charging more for basic goods and services.   Families aren't just stressing about their finances; they are also  worried about their safety. The shocking surge in violent crime that  began in 2020 hasn't just continued. In many places, it has  accelerated, and last year several major cities had their deadliest  year on record.   With the safety and well-being of their families at the forefront,  our constituents want to know what is being done to address these  problems. They are pretty basic.   What types of solutions do their representatives have in the Senate  and the House? What actions are the White House contemplating and how  long will it be before they can experience some relief? Unfortunately,  when the voters gave Democrats the leadership of the White House and  both Houses of Congress, the responsibility has largely been up to them  to provide that leadership when it comes to the agenda.   Unfortunately, the real problems that my constituents in Texas are  experiencing, like inflation and crime, those were the last things for  our leaders here in Washington to consider. Forget real problems and  real families; Democrats' governing strategy was dictated by partisan  ambitions.   Our colleagues tried to give the Internal Revenue Service the  unprecedented authority and manpower to snoop on the finances of  virtually every single American. Now, we are accustomed to the fact  that the IRS knows how much you make; that is how you calculate your  taxes. But our Democratic colleagues went so far as to inquire for  every family: How much money do you spend and what do you spend it on?  That sort of invasion of privacy is unprecedented.   Then our colleagues on the other side of the aisle tried to get  involved in the childcare business and dictate what sort of childcare  and where you would be able to get that childcare and how much it would  cost. Basically, saying to those who are motivated to help support  families when it comes to childcare, that if you are a faith-based  organization, you are not going to qualify. And because of the huge  influx of money that the Democrats were planning to put into childcare,  excluding a huge segment of the childcare providers was going to result  in scarce supply and run up the price, further exacerbating inflation.   Then we saw when it comes to the wealthy--our Democratic colleagues  like to be the party of the average working person and complain about  Big Business and millionaires and billionaires. But what do they do  when it comes to tax proposals? They propose to give millionaires and  billionaires a tax cut by eliminating the cap on deductibility of State  and local taxes in high-tax jurisdictions like New York and California.  Who would have to pick up the responsibility or deficit? Well, you  guessed it; it would be the middle class.   Then we saw our colleagues on the left use the last year to attempt a  Federal takeover of State-run elections. Some even proposed to blow up  the rules of the Senate and eliminate the filibuster, the one thing  that forces us to do what doesn't come naturally, which is to work  together and build bipartisan consensus.   There were proposals from the majority leader himself and others  saying we are going to blow up the Senate because we cannot get our  way, and the main reason we can't get our way is because we are  unwilling to work with the other side of the aisle. Thank goodness two  of our colleagues, the Senator from West Virginia and the Senator from  Arizona, tapped the brakes, and we have not yet found ourselves in that  situation.    So every one of these examples I mentioned has been tried and failed  in this last year. But there is, of course, what economists call  opportunity costs. We can't take back the last year that we wasted on  these partisan efforts. A lot of the damage has been done. Invaluable  time has been wasted on partisan legislation that was sure to go  nowhere, while the most basic responsibilities of governing had been  tossed aside.   Last year, our Democratic colleagues nearly dropped a debt bomb on  our economy. We had to spend a lot of money during the COVID pandemic.  And during the last year of the Trump administration, we did that on a  bipartisan basis. But even after the imminent need for that help was  subsiding, our colleagues decided to spend another $2 trillion in the  first months of the Biden administration. Only 10 percent of that was  COVID-19 related and  [[Page S595]]  less than 1 percent had to do with people getting access to  therapeutics and vaccine.   Our colleagues allowed the National Defense Authorization Act to sit  on the shelf, to linger on the calendar for months, leaving it until  the very last minute. And then we find ourselves just 9 days away from  a shutdown of the Federal Government. Our colleagues in the majority  have yet to pass a single appropriations bill on a regular basis. And  unless Congress takes action here in the next week and a half, the  American people can add a government shutdown to the list of crises  that we are facing.   Unfortunately, this is a familiar story. We found ourselves in this  position on more than one occasion over the last several months.  Congress's deadline to pass funding bills doesn't just pop up out of  nowhere. It hits at the same time every year, September 30. Back in  September, it was clear that a yearlong funding bill was nowhere in  sight, and so our colleagues in the majority kicked the can down the  road for 2 months. Rather than use that time to try to pass annual  appropriations bills, they wasted week after week on unserious,  partisan bills.   By the time the new deadline rolled around, nothing had changed, and  so our colleagues had to punt again, setting up a new deadline of  February 18. And based on the way things look right now, it doesn't  appear that we are any closer to an annual funding agreement than we  were last September or last December. There is some rumor of a top-line  funding level agreement but no real progress on the underlying  substance of these appropriations bills.   So you can't help but wonder, how has it taken so long to accomplish  so little? Our colleagues are steering the ship of state, both Chambers  of Congress, and the White House, and still we can't seem to come up  with a way to do the basic function of governing, which is to fund the  government. We managed to avoid government shutdowns, to be sure, but  that is a pretty low bar to clear.   The Democratic majority has introduced yet another short-term funding  bill that would carry us through March 11. I sincerely hope that  progress can be made before then. I am just not sure how long the  conversation should continue when we know what the job is that remains  to be done and what the sticking points are.   But that is where we are. Our colleagues haven't just punted critical  responsibilities. In some cases, they have ignored them completely.   In 2021, for the first time on record, there were more than 2 million  people who attempted to enter the United States without a visa, a  passport, or legal immigration papers--2 million people--and those are  just the ones that the Border Patrol encountered. It doesn't count the  so-called ``got-aways,'' which is what the Border Patrol calls the drug  smugglers and other criminals who come across the border at the same  time.   Two million people is larger than the population of a dozen  individual States. That is how many new people have come into the  United States during a pandemic, without being vaccinated, without  proof of a negative COVID test, and at a time when people are concerned  about their jobs.   The Biden administration has allowed this crisis to grow and grow and  grow without any substantial action. As a matter of fact, the Secretary  of Homeland Security and other members of the President's Cabinet have  actually made it worse. Border Patrol will tell you there are two main  things that they look for when it comes to illegal immigration. They  look for the push factors, which are things like violence and poverty  in some of the states and places people are coming from. We all get  that. We understand those being the push factors, but they also talk  about the pull factors, which puts a big sign out that you are free to  come to the United States without any real consequence. You don't need  to get in line. You don't need to comply with our immigration laws. You  can just come as fast as you can get here.   One of the biggest pull factors is the misguided guidance from the  Secretary of Homeland Security himself. I call it nonenforcement  guidance. Basically, Secretary Mayorkas has said Border Patrol will not  detain anyone whose only offense is entering the country illegally.   That sends a big welcome sign to anybody who wants to come to the  United States without going through our legal immigration system. And  the transnational criminal organizations that benefit from this  financially make millions and millions--including billions--of dollars  by smuggling people and drugs into the United States.   And while an open border's message may appeal to some elements on the  left, it is creating serious burdens for law enforcement in border  communities.   Over the last year, I have spent a lot of time listening to my  constituents and the professionals in the Border Patrol about the many  challenges that this crisis has created. Border Patrol agents are  pulling double duty as childcare providers because our laws incentivize  unaccompanied minors to come to the United States.   Now, nobody actually believes they get here on their own, but once  they are here, under our current laws, they have to be placed with the  State, with a sponsor, and told to show up for a hearing--for your  asylum hearing--months, maybe years, in the future. And nobody is  surprised when as many as half of those individuals don't show up for  their asylum hearing--same thing for the adults in the family units.   But while you may think that this is primarily a problem for border  States like Texas and Arizona, California and New Mexico, and others,  it actually extends throughout the country. One of our colleagues from  Montana tells me that his sheriff in one of his major cities said that  one of the biggest problems they have is methamphetamine that is  smuggled across the U.S.-Mexico border.   You can't get much farther north, and you can't get much farther away  from the southwestern border than the State of Montana, but that is  what the ripple effect of this uncontrolled illegal immigration, along  with the drugs being smuggled across the border--those are the  consequences of those failures by the administration.   Leaders in my State have constantly sought for the administration to  take some action. This is a Federal responsibility, not a State  responsibility. They have asked for more staff, better resources, and  better policies to put an end to some of these pull factors.   But the Biden administration has done nothing to make it better. I  would argue that they have actually made it worse with policies like  the nonenforcement policy that Secretary Mayorkas issued months ago.   Senator Sinema--a Senator from another border State and a Democrat-- and I offered the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act, along with a  Democrat and a Republican House Member, with the idea that if maybe we  came up with a bipartisan, bicameral proposal, the Biden administration  would say: Well, why don't we start there? Why don't we start the  discussions there?   Well, the Biden administration refused to take any action, and the  chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee here in the Senate has  refused to even hold a hearing on that bill.   Now, our Democratic colleagues may control all levers of government,  but, for sure, that is a far cry from actually governing. Our  colleagues can't seem to accomplish the bare minimum, let alone craft  policies that address the needs of families.   Our colleagues seem to think that these partisan victories are the  only way they can prove to voters that they know how to govern, but  they got it backward, and they don't have much to show for it. The  reality is, our colleagues' burning focus on partisan legislation has  kept them from achieving much of anything at all.   Our colleagues have been so distracted by their own partisan  ambitions that they have allowed the Senate to skate from crisis to  crisis without meaningful action.   I can only hope that our colleagues will recognize that what they  have been doing is not working and engage in some sort of midcourse  correction in the coming months.   The truth is, our country deserves a government that works for the  American people, not for just one political party or for any  constituency within that political party, like the progressive left.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S596]]    