 Mr. Speaker, as an original member of the Homeland  Security Committee, I had the pleasure of serving with Chairman  Thompson. It has only been lately that we understand what he means to  this country. Together, we worked to establish and grow the Nonprofit  Security Grant Program into what it is now.   I associate myself with the words of the gentleman from New Jersey  (Mr. Malinowski) and our associates from Arkansas and Kansas. I hope  people listened to what they had to say on the previous bill because  knowledge is power in trying to keep the American people safe.   From Jersey City, to Colleyville, to Pittsburgh, our faith-based  communities have become targets. Our churches, synagogues, and mosques  are facing increased volatility, unpredictability, and threats. Now,  that is either a fact or it is not a fact.    The Nonprofit Security Grant Program is a vital tool to help keep  people safe from this dire threat. H.R. 6825 recognizes this growing  threat by increasing the program's authorization, as you just heard. It  is money that will be well spent.   We must ensure that every community can get these resources. Too many  communities do not have the historic ability to even write a grant,  believe it or not.   But revising the formula should not create obstacles for high-threat  communities or regions, like my home State of New Jersey. I am closely  monitoring the new formula FEMA has offered. It will give preference to  applications with a higher Social Vulnerability Index.   It is one of the pillars of America that our neighbors are secure in  their houses of worship. I will fight hard for fairness in distributing  these funds.   I applaud Chairman Thompson for bringing this bill to the floor.  Domestic terrorism threatens every community in our Nation, and we blew  it 12 years ago. It is something I have warned about over a decade, and  it is not abating but growing.   This funding will save lives and secure houses of worship. I urge  swift passage of H.R. 6825.   