 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, S. 2938, as amended by the Rules Committee, designates  the Federal building and United States Courthouse in Tallahassee,  Florida, as the Joseph Woodrow Hatchett United States Courthouse and  Federal Building, and for other purposes which are outside the scope of  the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee's purview.   Judge Joseph Hatchett served as the first African-American justice in  the Florida Supreme Court. Judge Hatchett served for 20 years as a  Federal circuit court judge. He was appointed by Jimmy Carter to the  United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and did that with honor.   I knew Judge Hatchett. He was a good man and a fair judge. He applied  the law equally.   This bill was introduced in the Senate by Marco Rubio and Rick Scott  both, and it passed December 29, 2021. However, it didn't meet the  suspension rules threshold here in the House and today comes before us  under a rule, and that is why we are considering it.   I reserve the balance of my time, Madam Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I voted for Judge Hatchett when the issue was on the  floor. But it failed. It failed because it didn't have an extraordinary  vote. It did have a majority vote, but it didn't have an extraordinary  vote. I believe anything that is dealing with the naming of a building  that will stay forever needs an extraordinary set of votes and  circumstances in order to be qualified. I don't think a majority is  enough to say we should name something after somebody else. That hurts  me, but I think it is the only thing to do.   Therefore, because of that, and because of the process that is here  and this bill is being combined with another person, those two reasons,  I would have to oppose this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   