 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this afternoon, I come here with genuine  concern about the possibility of the failure to resolve a railroad  labor management dispute, and I express my support for that resolution.   I represent a State, the State of Kansas, its people, America's  largest supplier of wheat, and a top leader in agricultural markets of  many other crops. I can tell you that a labor strike would disrupt the  stability of our ag markets and could prove catastrophic to our global  food supply.   At a time in which hunger is rampant around the world, again one of  the last things we need is more difficulties in getting agriculture,  commodities, and food to people around the globe who are looking for a  meal tonight. In my State, corn, soybeans, grain, sorghum--that harvest  is underway, and farmers need to be able to ship their crops by train  around the country and to our ports where the grain will be sent to  feed that hungry world.   In parts of Kansas facing severe drought, feed yards, places that we  feed cattle, are shipping grain in from other areas of the country to  feed their livestock.   Rail service is critical to making sure these producers are able to  get the feed they need and to keep their livestock fed and healthy. The  U.S. rail network moves critical agricultural commodities across the  Nation, and a complete shutdown of the rail system would result in  devastating consequences across an already weak supply chain.   The Association of American Railroads found that a nationwide rail  shutdown could idle more than 7,000 trains and lose more than $2  billion a day in missed economic output. As the deadline approaches, we  are already seeing the impact of contingency planning by railways,  showing that a full shutdown would be totally unacceptable.   With the trucking industry and other transportation systems already  at their maximum capacity, there is no alternative plan that could  mitigate the losses in case of a rail transportation strike and that  rail service coming to an end.   I have been in regular contact with our rail leaders, including those  at Union Pacific and the Kansas City Southern, Burlington Northern  Santa Fe, and I continue to urge all parties to reach an agreement.   Our constituents deserve certainty that will come from reaching that  agreement. In the event that the conclusion is not reached, I will  utilize my opportunities as a Member of the Senate, as a Member of  Congress for congressional intervention and work to shield the impact  of a rail shutdown across the Nation.   I yield the floor.   