 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 973, I call up  the bill (H.R. 6968) to prohibit the importation of energy products of  the Russian Federation, and for other purposes, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the bill under consideration before us.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I stand here today in a moment of great sorrow as the  Ukrainian people continue to endure the brutal and unprovoked assault  by Russia upon their independence.   We have all witnessed the heartbreaking footage of this war's  innocent victims. We heard the harrowing stories of families who have  been torn apart and forced to leave their country. We have watched with  admiration as the Ukrainian people have courageously defended their  homeland.   Madam Speaker, tonight, we are all Ukrainians. This unprovoked,  unjustified invasion is a horrific stain on humanity. This evening, we  here in this Congress will firmly condemn Putin's aggression with the  legislation that is before us. Inaction is not an option.   I am very pleased, once again, that the Committee on Ways and Means,  in a bipartisan manner, has led the development of this package that  will take decisive action to exact economic pain on Putin and his  regime.   The Russian regime relies on energy sales to fund many of its  offenses. This bill will cut off some of the revenue with a ban on the  import of Russian oil and energy products into the United States. The  more economic pain we inflict on Putin, the more pressure he will feel  to finally end this brutal campaign of terror on the Ukrainian people.  I don't think tonight the people of Ukraine think that Vladimir Putin  is a genius.   Madam Speaker, this legislation also takes steps to review Russia's  participation in the World Trade Organization. This is an international  organization comprised of 150 nations. Membership is a privilege that  comes with responsibilities, and bad actors who destabilize global  security should not enjoy the economic benefits of belonging to that  body.   Madam Speaker, I am committed to providing and punishing Russia at  the WTO as we proceed. Broad bipartisan support exists in this Congress  for these meaningful actions to hold Putin accountable and full support  for the Ukrainian people. With this legislation, we reaffirm our  commitment to peace and to democracy.   Madam Speaker, I urge our colleagues to support this consequential  moment and act accordingly, and I look forward to its swift passage  into law.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I just want to reassure the gentleman that I  remain committed to the position he has offered as it relates to the  World Trade Organization and a suspension of Russia's partnership in  WTO. Making sure that we do that in the right procedure I think is the  challenge before us, but I agree with the point that the gentleman has  made.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon  (Mr. Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio  (Ms. Kaptur), who represents 50,000 Ukrainian Americans.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This evening's debate is about holding Putin accountable for his  unprovoked attack on the Ukrainian people. What we are talking about  here is responsible use of trade policy as a powerful tool not only to  condemn  [[Page H1401]]  Putin's aggression and pursue peace but to act.   I hope in this moment, when we are in such a dire state, we would not  use the opportunity just for partisan argument but try to focus very  hard on the real task at hand, which is holding Putin accountable.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, our trade policy is a powerful tool, and this evening we  will have an opportunity not only to condemn Putin's aggression, but  just as importantly, to act upon it.   This legislation to ban the import of Russian energy products and  evaluate Russia's access to the WTO will help to hold this brutal  dictator accountable. We can and will do more.   I will continue to explore, as Mr. Brady noted, how we can utilize  the full jurisdiction of the committee to stand up to Putin and to  protect the Ukrainian people.   Let me, however, take a moment to congratulate Joe Biden for the  manner in which he has assembled a multilateral alliance across the  globe to condemn and to combat this dictator. When you consider that  not only have our traditional allies in NATO--which was condemned at  one time--we now can understand why it has been so enduring.   Just as importantly, beyond Western Europe and NATO, the Swiss, the  Finns, the Swedes, the Japanese, the Kenyans, like most of the rest of  the civilized world, have stood with us in this moment of challenge.  Tonight, let us all stand with the Ukrainian people and support this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   