 The ability to secure your border--to follow my good  friend from Ohio, the ability to secure your border is actually one of  the fundamental responsibilities of a legitimate government.   Even former President Obama, within the last few months, has looked  at what was happening at the border, and I believe the word he used was  ``unsustainable.'' We cannot continue to let this happen. It is a  border crisis, whether the administration is willing to call it a  border crisis or not.   There are drugs coming across, and I know my friend from Tennessee is  going to talk about that, as the Senator from Ohio did. More than 2  million people were apprehended trying to cross the border last year.  Of that number, more than 171,000 were unaccompanied children. The year  before it had been 37,000. In 2020, it was 37,000 people.   It should have been a warning sign. Thirty-seven thousand children is  bad enough, let alone 171,000--almost four times the number who came  the year before.   We need to ask ourselves, what are we doing to encourage that? Why  would parents let their children come or send their children or why  would children come on their own to the border at the numbers of  171,000?   Obviously, we don't know exactly how many people actually entered the  country illegally. So if 2 million people were apprehended entering the  country, some of them may have been making repeat efforts to come into  the country, but there is no real evidence that very many people get  sent back, but let's assume some do.   So some of the apprehended people may have been multiple offenders,  if you will, of trying to violate our law by coming in. I think it is  more reasonable to believe that more people weren't apprehended than  were apprehended multiple times, so we have a huge problem here.   The policies have already been discussed. Why would the number--just  over 2,035,000 last year--be 272 percent greater than the year before?   Things happening in the countries they come from aren't different,  substantially, than they were the year before. The weather is not in  crisis in any way different than it was the year before.   So let's look at day 1 of the Biden administration, where one of the  first decisions is, we are going to stop building the barrier that is  in the process of being built--not we are going to debate whether we  should do more of it or not, but we are going to stop building the  barrier that Congress has appropriated the money for, that the  equipment has been bought for, that the necessary metal and fencing and  other things have been bought for, and they are delivered, and after we  get that up, let's decide if we need to do more.   I have never been of the view that every inch of the border needs to  have a barrier, but I have always been of the view that a barrier or a  fence or a wall, whatever you want to call it, has to be helpful,  particularly if it has the technology that was going into this fence.   So, you know, just watching that great investment that the American  people made sit there and not be completed is a problem. Some wall and  fence had been torn down already so the new wall and fence could be put  back up. We have areas that don't have the kind of fence they had 5  years ago or 10 years ago or under the Clinton administration because  we said, no, we are just going to stop doing what the Congress has  already provided money and the authority to do.   And then the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, which, frankly, I thought  was one of the most amazing things that our government got the  Government of Mexico to agree to. It was a major step on their part to  help us not only secure our border but discourage people from  needlessly coming all the way through Mexico. You know, most of our  immigrants are not Mexican immigrants anymore; they are Central  American immigrants; they are the immigrants whom others have talked  about today from all over the world. But they come through Mexico, and  Mexico doesn't like that either.   So why would ``Remain in Mexico'' work? ``Remain in Mexico'' was  working because people, when they see that they are not going to be let  loose in the United States or delivered somewhere in the United States  and told to come back in 90 days or 5 years later, when they see that  is not going to happen, and they talk to anybody who understands the  law, 9 out of 10 of them know that they have no chance for an asylum  claim.   And they are in Mexico. It is not that they have no chance for an  asylum claim and they have arrived and been taken somewhere in the  United States and told to return at a later date. It clearly just did  not work. The ``Remain in Mexico''--we could have put more money there.  In fact, we put quite a bit of money there but then walked away from  the facilities that were just about to begin to serve the purpose in  the way that the American people--the most generous people in the world  about people coming to our country and some of the, I think, most  liberal immigration laws in the world for legal immigration.    We could have made an investment so that people could have safely and  securely understood that you are not going to be able to advance this  asylum claim.   The easiest thing in the world to do is show up at the border and say  we are claiming asylum. The U.S. Government sends you somewhere in the  United States to wait and come back later for a hearing. Now we see  people--single adults--getting on planes in the middle of the night and  being flown to other airports and getting off in the middle of the  night.   I have even heard--surely this can't be really accurate--that you are  told to use your arrest papers as your identification to get on the  plane. If we have come to the point where our border policy is use the  arrest papers to get on the plane so wherever we take you, you are able  to then be part of our society until somebody catches you and tells  you, you can't be part of our society, it is a huge problem.   The border is out of control. There is clearly a border crisis. I am  a major supporter of legal immigration. I am a major supporter of kids  who were brought here by their parents illegally, grown up in America  and not gotten in trouble. I think they should be able to stay, and we  should want them to stay.   I am not a supporter of this blatant violation of the law and sending  a message to the whole world, here is how you get done what you want to  get done, even though it is against the  [[Page S476]]  laws of the United States to do what we are clearly helping you do.   I yield the floor.   