 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join today with Chairman Davis to speak in  support of H.R. 9271, the Dr. Joanne Smith Memorial Rehabilitation  Innovation Centers Act.   This bill is important. It will create a standard to publicly  recognize industry-leading facilities through the distinction of being  a rehabilitation innovation center. These exceptional facilities are  truly at the cutting edge of treatment.   They are leaders in innovation--researching, developing, and applying  new medical breakthroughs and technologies that can then be spread to  patients and facilities across the Nation and the world.   I have seen firsthand the amazing positive impact of these premier  institutions. I am proud that The Institute for Rehabilitation and  Research, TIRR as we call it, Memorial Hermann, is located in Houston,  Texas, serving patients in my district, in this country, and around the  world.   I have had the privilege to visit TIRR Memorial Hermann to see  firsthand how their patients benefit from life-changing care,  particularly for patients who have suffered traumatic brain and spinal  cord injuries.   The patients arriving at TIRR are often recovering from very  medically complex injuries that really alter the course of their life.  TIRR provides patients with a full team of specialized caregivers and  physicians to ensure that each patient receives the very best plan of  care for their injury, so they are able to return to their communities.   This incredible work and constant effort to research and develop new  and innovative treatments for their patients has resulted in  breakthroughs that have benefited patients not just in Houston but  around the globe. Today I will share just two of the thousands of  stories that highlight the life-changing impact TIRR has made for  patients.   When our former colleague here in the House, Congresswoman Gabby  Giffords, was horrifically attacked at point-blank range and  miraculously stabilized from her critical condition, she was  transferred to TIRR Memorial Hermann for her recovery. On that long  road to recovery, TIRR's expert physicians, nurses, and therapists  worked together with Gabby designing the right combination of intensive  therapies and treatments. At TIRR, they still talk about Gabby's  motivation, her focus, and positive approach that she showed throughout  her remarkable recovery.   Corporal Nick Tullier was one of six Baton Rouge police officers shot  during a 2016 ambush attack. Doctors told Nick's family he wouldn't  survive 24 hours, but for nearly 6 years, he defied all odds after  being treated at TIRR Memorial Hermann. He passed away a hero in May of  this year.   I am immensely proud to have this amazing work happening in my home  region of Houston. In my district and hometown, we are fortunate enough  to host some of the TIRR patients at Memorial Hermann, the Woodlands  Medical Center. I am honored to have had the opportunity to visit with  the patients, nurses, doctors, and caregivers who are proudly part of  the incredible work of TIRR Memorial Hermann. I commend them, as you  do, for their incredible life-changing work.   I would also like to commend my friend and fellow member of the Ways  and Means Committee, Congressman Darin LaHood for his leadership in  shepherding this bill to the floor. He unfortunately couldn't be here  today, but on behalf of both of us and the Ways and Means Committee, I  would urge everyone to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I thank Congressman Graves for being here today and telling that  story again about this outstanding man and his family and the care he  got. I join with Dr. Davis. I applaud the sponsors of this bill. I urge  all Members of this body to support this important piece of  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   