 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania  for yielding the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today's rule provides for consideration of three bills:  H.R. 7309, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act; H.R. 6531, the  Targeting Resources to Communities in Need Act; and S. 2938, to name a  post office after Joseph Woodrow Hatchett. The latter two bills failed  on suspension last week and so now must be considered under a rule.   We were also expecting to consider H.R. 7688, the Consumer Fuel Price  Gouging Prevention Act. But after hours of debate in the Rules  Committee on this bill, the Democrats had to pull it for lack of  support within their own party. Perhaps they realized that, in fact,  there is no evidence of price gouging. In fact, this point was made by  the Secretary of Energy, Secretary Granholm, in a recent Energy and  Commerce Committee hearing where she said: ``I'm not sure anyone is  saying there is wholesale gouging.''   You know what? We could focus instead on increasing domestic  production rather than blaming an industry, an industry that has also  been suffering supply and demand difficulties that are significantly  influenced by global factors and government regulation.   The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act reauthorizes programs  from the 2014 bill of the same name but makes no needed reforms to  workforce development programs. Instead, it increases government  control, adds onerous requirements to program administration, and  decreases flexibility and the ability to actually achieve results. What  are the results that we want? Pulling people out of poverty and  enhancing the labor market.   First, the bill authorizes $78 million over 6 years. It does this  without making workforce development programs more efficient, without  making them tailored to the actual job market, and this funding will  further exacerbate what is now becoming increasingly evident as an  inflationary crisis.   The bill expands the size of State and local workforce boards, making  room for organized labor. It also introduces Federal definitions of job  quality, a determination that actually should be made by employers. How  is a Federal agency in Washington, D.C. best equipped to determine the  job quality for someone in Krum, Texas, a town of around 4,000 people  back in my district in North Texas?   This bill also requires burdensome equity reports. If our goal is to  pull people out of poverty and get them into the workforce, then every  eligible person should have the opportunity to access these programs,  not just a certain few who meet certain criteria.   Finally, this bill maintains the current Job Corps system without  adapting to the changing needs of eligible youth and continues the  inflexibility of the current apprenticeship system. I have long been  concerned that many young people do not always recognize their best  path to prosperity. For example, many students are conditioned to  believe that they can only get a good job by attending a 4-year  university. Meanwhile, a licensed plumber or an electrician or a welder  can often make more than someone with a university degree.  Apprenticeships have been a good way for someone to learn these special  trades. However, the program's structure is left over from the time of  the Depression in the 1930s and needs to be updated to meet today's  vastly different work environments.   Another concern I have is the amount of student loan debt burdening  our labor force. Flexible training or certificate programs could lead  to less debt by giving jobseekers alternatives to the traditional 4- year university path.   Additionally, we should be looking at ways to encourage the private  sector, private employers, to provide student loan repayment programs  for their employees, perhaps through a tax credit or other incentive.  The Federal Government has a student loan repayment program, and it is  a significant incentive for many young people to join public service.    The Republican substitute amendment would have added flexibility into  many programs and reformed our workforce development systems to ensure  that employee skill development is aligned with employer needs. A huge  factor in successful programming is knowing the programs are actually  meeting the actual needs.   The Republican substitute amendment would have ensured that States  and localities could use funding to survey employers to understand the  most in-demand skills.   Mr. Speaker, in the post-COVID world, employers and employees have  adapted to different styles of training and workforce environments. The  Republican substitute amendment encourages workforce boards to provide  services virtually to meet the changing needs of today's workforce. We  should be inserting additional flexibility into these programs rather  than simply maintaining the status quo, a status quo that was developed  many, many decades ago.   Unfortunately, the Republican amendment was defeated during the  Education and Labor Committee markup and likely will be defeated when  it is considered on the House floor.   Continued partisanship is not the path forward when it comes to  equipping the workforce for the modern labor market.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, Republicans will  amend the rule to consider H.R. 6858, the American Energy Independence  from Russia Act, introduced by Ranking Members McMorris Rodgers and  Westerman.    In the past 2 months, Democrats have denied consideration of this  essential bill five times, choosing instead to continue their assault  on domestic energy production through drilling and export restrictions  and massive tax increases on producers.   Republicans remain committed to America's energy independence by  approving the Keystone XL pipeline, by removing restrictions on the  United States liquefied natural gas exports, by restarting oil and  natural gas leasing, and protecting energy and mineral development.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, here to explain the amendment is one of the  most lucid speakers that we have on this subject.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Louisiana.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. McClintock), one of the most thoughtful leaders in  the House Republican Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter), my colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee  and a valuable member of the Republican Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gimenez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank my colleagues who have come to the  floor and spoken in favor of defeating the previous question in order  to consider H.R. 6858, the American Energy Independence from Russia  Act.   We have seen the damage that one-party rule has done in this town  over the last 18 months and, unfortunately, the victims of that damage  are the American people. So here, today, in this body, there is a  chance to vote against the previous question and bring up this  important amendment to begin to get some relief for the American  people.   In addition, back in 2014, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity  Act, which is also the subject of this rule, was enacted on a  bipartisan basis. But once again, one-party Democratic rule could not  be satisfied with that, and our colleagues have blocked Republican  efforts to try to improve the 2022 version of this bill and find any  sort of compromise.   Our workforce development programs need to be modernized and  modernized accurately in order to match the changing labor market. But  this bill lacks the necessary reforms and, instead, adds burdensome  requirements and centralized governance to these many programs. This is  not the way to prepare employers and potential employees to thrive in a  post-pandemic world.   Again, we have an opportunity to defeat the previous question and  consider rationalizing our energy markets. I urge a ``no'' vote on the  previous question, a ``no'' vote on the rule, a ``no'' vote on the  underlying measures, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   