 Madam President, I have already announced that I intend to  support Judge Jackson's nomination. Her character and her  qualifications are unassailable, but, unfortunately, that hasn't  stopped a number of Senate Republicans from treating her disgracefully.  Too often, behavior in the hearings was simply shameful.   It doesn't have to be this way, and it wasn't always this way. For  example, even though I disagreed with him on plenty of issues, I voted  for Chief Justice John Roberts, and he was treated very fairly by  Democrats. Serious questions were asked and answered, and there wasn't  anything resembling the over-the-line, juvenile theatrics like those  shown for Judge Jackson.   Things changed when President Obama's final nomination was stolen by  Republicans. They refused to even hold a hearing or consider the  sitting President's nominee on just fabricated grounds.   Democrats are trying to maintain a sharp focus on legal questions and  personal qualifications. Faced with sideshows and personal attacks, we  stuck to issues. What was particularly striking about those attacks was  they were attacks against somebody whom Senate Republicans had voted  for unanimously when she was nominated to a lower level court.   My view is, the radicalization of the Court and the nominations  process are just poisonous to our democracy, but that was what was on  display when Republicans attacked Judge Jackson.   I want to start setting the record straight on several of the key  issues.   First, Judge Jackson is squarely within the sentencing norm for cases  involving child sexual abuse material. She was smeared anyway as going  soft on predators. It was a gross and baseless accusation, more of a  dog whistle to conspiracists than an attempt at honestly vetting a  nominee. Even the National Review--nobody's idea of a liberal  publication--published a column that called the comments of our  colleague from Missouri, Senator Hawley--it called his attack  ``meritless to the point of demagoguery.'' Those were the words of the  National Review.   The fact is, on this hugely important issue, the whole question of  kids' safety, as the Presiding Officer of the Senate knows, there is a  big difference between talking about protecting child victims and  actually doing the work. Far too many of our Republican colleagues just  come down on the wrong side of the divide.   It is absolutely right that government at every level has failed to  protect kids from exploitation online. That failure has a lot of  causes. One is that the Justice Department, for reasons I will never  understand, has consistently declined to put enough manpower and  funding behind protecting these vulnerable kids. Another reason is that  Members of Congress talk a really big game, but when there is serious  legislation to protect vulnerable kids, they disappear.   Now, I have proposed an alternative. It is the Invest in Child Safety  Act. It puts serious funds into tracking down the child predators and  prosecuting these god-awful monsters and protecting the kids they  target and abuse. It would create a new executive position, to be  confirmed by the Senate, to raise this level of protecting kids and  strengthen oversight.   Now, instead of supporting that legislation, where we put real  prosecutors and real investigators to the task of protecting our kids,  putting more law enforcement on the beat, a number of Senate  Republicans spend their days going after section 230 of the  Communications Decency Act. So, yet again, vulnerable kids are being  used as pawns by politicians to advance their agenda.   I simply believe that child abuse and exploitation is too serious an  issue for U.S. Senators to cheapen it with baseless accusations and  ill-conceived legislation. This is the last subject--protecting our  kids--that elected officials ought to be playing politics with.   