 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Good for having this Special  Order.   Let me give you a live example of what happens with a well-armed  militia, the purpose of the Second Amendment is for the citizens of  America to bear arms.   This past Sunday, a deranged gunman opened fire in a food court of a  shopping mall in Greenwood, Indiana, which is a suburb of Indianapolis.  Police say this deranged gunman fired 24 rounds within 2 minutes,  killing three and injuring two others.   Nearby was a young man, Elisjsha Dicken, a private citizen who took  quick action to stop that gunman. Elisjsha was legally armed and  carrying his own weapon under Indiana's constitutional carry laws.  Thank God for this young man.   In summarizing Elisjsha's response, the Greenwood chief of police  said, ``I will say his actions were nothing short of heroic. He engaged  the gunman from quite a distance with a handgun.'' The police chief  went on to say Elisjsha was ``very tactically sound as he moved in to  close on the suspect, and was also monitoring for people to exit behind  him. He has had no police experience, no training, no military  background.''   What a true hero. Elisjsha was simply going about his business at the  mall when the unthinkable happened. It is hard to imagine how we might  react in that situation, but Elisjsha was equipped; he was prepared;  and he had courage to confront that sick individual, who was determined  to kill others.   Elisjsha would not have been able to do so if the liberals who want  to take away our Second Amendment rights had their way with this so- called gun control.   To my Democratic friends who are determined to restrict our Second  Amendment rights, I ask you this: How many more people might have died  last Sunday in Greenwood, Indiana, if you had had your way? How many  more people would have been slaughtered if Elisjsha didn't have the  ability to exercise his constitutional rights? Thankfully, we will  never know the answer to that question.   Americans deserve the right to protect themselves and others when  their lives are in severe danger. That is why it is so critical to  strongly defend our Second Amendment rights against the antigun left  that is so intent to demoralize our Second Amendment and our  Constitution.   