 Mr. President, I know we have a vote coming up. I have  brief remarks, and I ask unanimous consent to complete them before the  vote starts.    Mr. President, I want to join with my five colleagues who  have been here today and the two people who were with us, Senator  Durbin and Senator Fischer.   I would say one of the great things about this effort was the  unanimous feeling that all seven of us had about both what is happening  in NATO and our commitment to win in Ukraine. We were able to  demonstrate that to every group we met with from every country we met  with. I think with the strong leadership of Chairmen Shaheen and Tillis  that it made an impression on where we were and the unity we have on  this.   It would be interesting to know if Putin was more surprised by the  Ukrainian resistance, the poor performance of his own military, or my  guess would be he may have been most surprised by what has happened at  NATO--the great turnaround of the NATO--the current NATO countries and  their commitment to NATO, their commitment to what they have been  willing to do and pledged to do with NATO and then to see these two  incredibly important security contributors join NATO after 73 years of  being neutral and an important part of the world and saw that as part  of their long-term commitment.   But both Finland and Sweden, which, by the way, have been NATO  contributors for some time now in terms of being willing to be part of  NATO missions, training with their future NATO allies--all that is  incredibly important, but these countries not only bring incredible  security contributions to NATO, they also bring significant geographic  contributions to NATO. When you look at a map, suddenly not just  Norway, which has been in NATO, but Sweden and Finland in NATO has an  incredible impact on the ability of what happens in the Baltic. That is  important to us as we look to the future.   Now, with the exception of Russia, every country that borders and has  part of a claim on the Arctic will be a NATO country. This is a part of  the world we have been talking about much more the last 5 years than we  did the previous 25 years. To have this NATO unity as we look at the  Arctic is an important thing.   The 800-mile border that Finland has shared for years and defended  for years against Russia doubles the NATO border in Europe.   The intimate understanding that both Sweden and Finland have of  Russia brings a different point of view and a helpful point of view to  NATO.   For the current members, particularly the new members of NATO, when  you look at these Baltic countries of Estonia and Latvia and Lithuania  and then look at Poland and Romania, seeing what happens when the unity  is created and the force multiplier is there--I have heard my  colleagues already talk about the jet planes, the submarines, the navy,  the air force that both of these people bring, the cyber ability that  both of them bring to the fight is real.   You know, in a meeting that I was in before this meeting occurred  with the Latvian Defense Minister, the Latvian Defense Minister, one of  the newest members of NATO, one of the most vulnerable members of NATO  as we have looked at NATO for some time, said: We don't want to be  rescued by NATO; we want to be defended by NATO.   I think today, as we see the growth of NATO, we see a NATO that is  willing to do its job defending its members in this most successful  alliance of all time. There has never been anything like it. President  Truman was the leader in putting this together in 1949. Here we are 73  years later. In my view, NATO not only has its largest group of members  but also its most powerful and committed group of members in the  history of this alliance.   I look forward to being on the Senate floor when the Senate does its  job to welcome Sweden and Finland to NATO, and I am pleased that  process has started.   I yield the floor.   