 Mr. President, last week, our narrowly divided country  went to the polls and elected a narrowly divided Congress, including a  very narrowly divided U.S. Senate.   The next couple of months will see a number of long-serving Senate  all-stars taking retirement, but today we are getting to welcome and  meet our new soon-to-be colleagues on both sides of the aisle as the  new Senators-elect arrive here in the Capitol for orientation. Among  their ranks are an all-star lawyer and leader from Alabama, the  attorney general from the great State of Missouri, the Lieutenant  Governor of Pennsylvania, a businessman and best-selling author from  Ohio, and three distinguished Members of the House of Representatives.   Exactly 25 years ago, in remarks welcoming the new Senate class of  1996, Senator Robert Byrd told them that service in this body is both  ``a supreme honor,'' ``a serious responsibility,'' and ``the highest  political calling in the land.'' The famous student of the Senate's  rules and history, our former colleague from West Virginia concluded  that ``as long as the Senate retains the power to amend and the power  of unlimited debate, the liberties of the people will remain secure.''   So, Mr. President, it is a high bar to earn the trust of one's  neighbors to represent them and fight for their home State here in this  Chamber. Each of our soon-to-be colleagues has cleared this high bar. I  am proud to welcome members of what will be the 118th Congress freshman  class. I hope sincerely that each of our incoming colleagues will  embrace the honor of this immense responsibility. Of course, our half  of the Chamber hopes that, even after this week, we will be not quite  through with welcoming new Senators.   Democrats' unforced policy errors over the past several years have  hit working families in the State of Georgia especially hard. Under  one-party Democratic control in Washington and one-party representation  here in the Senate, the Peach State has paid an especially painful  price.   Since President Biden took the oath of office, Georgia families have  watched prices rise nearly 15 percent. They have shelled out hundreds  of extra dollars every month just to foot the bill for the massive,  reckless spending binge their two Democratic Senators pushed through  with deciding votes. Needless to say, this completely avoidable  Democratic inflation tax put Georgia workers and small businesses in a  heck of a bind.   ``It's absolutely murderous,'' one man in Columbus, GA, told  reporters. ``Food, gas prices. Inflation is awful.''   Of course, it didn't have to be this way. The people of Georgia's  Senators didn't have to vote in lockstep with Washington Democrats to  overheat our economy with reckless spending. Georgia's two Democratic  Senators didn't have to vote for the $2 trillion in inflationary  spending. They didn't have to vote for hundreds of billions of dollars  in leftwing climate policies. But every single time that the hard- working people of Georgia have needed a check and balance, their  Democratic Senators only gave them a rubberstamp. When Georgians needed  their Senators to stand up with independence, they just fell in line.   