 Madam President, last night, the Senate came together for  the American people and overwhelmingly voted to move forward on  historic, bipartisan, bicameral, and long-overdue reforms that will  help ensure the stability and the long-term success of the U.S. Postal  Service.   The Postal Service is one of our Nation's oldest and most trusted  institutions. It serves as a critical lifeline for millions of  Americans, including seniors and veterans in rural communities who  expect the Postal Service to deliver vital mail, including supplies and  medications.   However, for more than 15 years, this public service and its  dedicated workers have been hindered by burdensome financial  requirements. The need to quickly pass these balanced reforms, which  are broadly supported by the American people, has become increasingly  urgent.   One persistent burden has been a requirement to prefund every single  cent of healthcare benefits that every single postal worker employee  will use when they eventually retire, no matter how far off that may  be. This is something that no business in America is required to do,  and for good reason. It makes no practical sense, and it has imposed an  enormous cost on the Postal Service that has threatened their ability  to provide reliable and timely delivery.   In recent years, we have seen firsthand how burdensome policies have  driven the Postal Service to resort to harsh measures to cut costs and,  as a result, compromise delivery service. We must act now to set this  critical institution on a sustainable financial footing by passing the  Postal Service Reform Act.   This bipartisan, commonsense legislation will save the Postal Service  more than $49 billion in the next 10 years by eliminating the  aggressive prefunding requirement for retiree health benefits and by  integrating postal retirees' healthcare with Medicare.   These changes will help ensure the Postal Service, which is self- sustaining and does not receive taxpayer funding, can continue serving  the people and avoid making severe cuts down the line that would impact  millions of Americans. These reforms will also require the Postal  Service to deliver 6 days a week so it can continue serving as a  critical lifeline for countless communities that need timely delivery  of their essential needs.   This legislation will also make the Postal Service more transparent  and accountable to the American people by making weekly local  performance data publicly available online, enabling every single  community to see exactly how the Postal Service is performing in their  area.   I introduced this legislation in the Senate last year and have worked  hand in hand with Ranking Member Rob Portman from Ohio, as well as  Chairwoman Maloney and Ranking Member Comer on the House Committee on  Oversight and Reform, to craft this bill.   Last month, the House passed this legislation with overwhelming  bipartisan support. Last night, we saw this body advance it with  significant bipartisan support once again. Now the Senate has a  historic opportunity to move this legislation forward.   I am proud to have helped secure significant bipartisan support for  our Senate companion bill, with a total of 14 Democratic and 14  Republican cosponsors backing the legislation.   Together, we can finally, after more than 15 years, pass this  commonsense, bipartisan legislation to set the Postal Service on a  stable financial foot and bring it into the future. We can support our  dedicated and hard-working postal employees, as well as the customers  whom they serve. We can set the Postal Service up for success so that  families and small businesses, veterans, seniors, and all Americans can  continue to rely on this critical public  [[Page S855]]  service, as they have for generations. We can show the American people  this body can set aside partisanship and work hand in hand to improve  their lives.   Every single day that we delay will just hurt the Postal Service. We  must pass these urgently needed reforms. I urge all of my colleagues to  support this legislation and pass it swiftly so that we can ensure the  long-term success of this treasured institution and the essential role  it plays in the lives of every single American.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  [[Page S897]]  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 265, S. 3600.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Wicker  and Peters amendments, which are at the desk, be considered and agreed  to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, S. 3600 is commonsense, bipartisan  legislation that will help protect critical infrastructure from the  absolute relentless cyber attacks that we see that threaten both our  economy as well as our national security.   I appreciate Senator Portman working with me to get this legislation  across the finish line. And I think this is especially important right  now as we face increased risk of cyber attacks from Russia and the  cyber criminals that they harbor in retaliation for our support for  Ukraine.   I appreciate the Senate for coming together here tonight to get this  important landmark bill done.   I yield the floor.   