 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, during the immediate past recess, the  bipartisan conference committee negotiations over the U.S. Innovation  and Competition Act, otherwise known as USICA, have officially come to  a screeching halt. It has been more than a year since the Senate  actually passed this bill--more than a year.   Eight months later, House Democrats passed their own partisan bill,  which looked more like the failed ``Build Back Broke'' agenda, rather  than a serious attempt to protect our national security by countering  the Chinese threat.   And earlier this summer, a conference committee was appointed and  began negotiating a compromise bill that would finally fund the CHIPS  Act and make other critical investments in our national security and  competitiveness. Of course, the CHIPS Act was designed to try to bring  back on shore American manufacturing of advanced semiconductors, which  I will talk more about in a moment.   But with the CHIPS funding on the five-yard line, the majority  leader, the Senator from New York, has tossed a grenade into the end  zone.   And why would you possibly jeopardize such an important national  security priority? Apparently, so Democrats can try to, yet again, pass  their unpopular social welfare bill that doesn't even appear to have  universal Democratic support. Forget the bipartisan bill to safeguard  our national security; forget commonsense safeguards to protect our  most critical supply chains; forget new American manufacturing jobs and  big investments in States all across the country.   Senator Schumer has chosen to revive the ``Build Back Broke'' bill  because we are just months from an election where polls suggest that  his party is going to get swept out of control and then instead of  majority leader, he will become the minority leader.   So let's take a moment to recall how we happened to get here. More  than 2 years ago, Congress began working to bolster domestic  semiconductor manufacturing and address a major supply chain  vulnerability.   Semiconductors or microcircuits underpin all of the modern technology  we depend upon every day: the cell phones in our pockets, the cars in  our driveways, the tractors our farmers drive, and missile systems that  our troops use abroad.   Chips keep us safe; they keep us connected; and they ensure that we  have fresh food, clean water, and a way to get to work every day. The  United States relies on strong supplies of semiconductors, and we lead  the way in chip design, but here is the kicker. While we lead the way  in chip design, we outsource the actual manufacturing abroad.   That is right. We manufacture none of the world's most advanced  chips--zero.   Seventy-five percent of these chips come from East Asia, and a  whopping 90 percent of them are made in Taiwan. Given the explicit  threat of war by the Chinese Communist Party against Taiwan, that is a  grave cause for concern.   Furthermore, having just lived through a pandemic, consider what  another pandemic or natural disaster might do to disrupt the supply  chain of these critical semiconductors.   And when you consider the fact that global chip demand is expected to  increase by 56 percent over the next decade, it is clear that the  problem is going to get worse. A major disruption in our global chip  supply would halt manufacturing on everything from laptop computers to  cars, to anti-tank Javelin missiles being used in Ukraine against  Russian aggressors.   This is a matter of both economic and national security, which is why  addressing the chip shortage has been a bipartisan priority. In 2020,  96 Senators supported passing the CHIPS for America Act as part of the  national defense authorization bill. That was way back in 2020.   And it took less than 6 months from the time it became law until the  Senate passed a bill to fund the CHIPS Program. That bill was called  the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act passed by the Senate with a  vote of 68 to 32.   Despite the broad bipartisan support for the CHIPS Program, the House  refused to pass the Senate bill not because it was a bad bill, but  because it wasn't a partisan grab bag that provided billions for  longstanding liberal policies.   Their ``Build Back Broke'' agenda was 6 feet under, and they saw a  must-pass national security bill as a convenient way to resurrect it.  Their partisan legislation known as the COMPETES Act, included handouts  for labor unions, a key supporter for the Democratic Party. The labor  bosses were promised some pretty big benefits that never came to pass,  and this was the way that House Democrats saw to respond.   They also tacked on a range of unrelated partisan provisions, like an  $8 billion payment to a U.N. climate slush fund, which has provided  more than $100 million to China. The stated purpose of our efforts in  USICA--the United States Innovation and Competition Act--has been to  counter threats from China, not to subsidize them with taxpayer  dollars, which apparently is what the House has chosen to do.   Well, throughout the conference committee process, Republicans have  pushed back against the long list of unrelated and downright harmful  provisions.   This bill should be about safeguarding our critical supply chains and  strengthening our competitiveness, not doling out partisan political  favors.   Negotiations have made progress, but, frankly, we are running out of  time, and time is of the essence. Last month, more than 120 tech CEOs  sent a letter to congressional leaders urging quick action on this  legislation.   And we are seeing signs that a failure to act will lead to these  critical investments being made not in the United States but outside of  the United States, just the opposite of what we hoped to attain.   A company called GlobalWafers is planning to build a silicon wafer  factory in Sherman, TX, that would create up to 1,500 jobs and produce  1.2 million wafers a month. These silicon wafers are an essential  component of semiconductors.   But last month, Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo said the CEO told  her that the plan was contingent on Congress passing the CHIPS Act  funding. Unless the funding is approved by the August recess, the  company will scrap plans for the facility.   A couple of weeks ago, the CEO of Intel expressed a similar  sentiment. He said the company could expand chip production in Europe  instead of the United States if Congress fails to pass this funding.   So the stakes are high, as is the need to move quickly, but  apparently none of that matters to the majority leader and House  Democrats. They have chosen to ignore this rapidly closing window of  opportunity and the national security risks associated with the current  chip shortage.   They have chosen to ignore the jobs and investments this bill would  bring to States all across this country. They have chosen to ignore the  symphony of voices from across the spectrum who want to get this done.   And for what? Apparently, another unwanted and unnecessary partisan  spending spree--this trillion-dollar proposal known as a reconciliation  bill, which is a spinoff of Build Back Better, which I affectionately  call ``Build Back Broke.''   This proposal would attack oil and gas producers at a time when gas  prices remain at record highs, and one of the most urgent needs of  everyday, working American families is to bring down the price of  gasoline at the pump so they can afford to take their kids to school  and go to work.   Yet the partisan reconciliation bill that the majority leader  contemplates bringing up would actually make that problem worse, not  better.   This partisan reconciliation bill would also increase taxes on  American families, as their budgets are already being pummeled by  inflation. And it could be that we are already in a recession,  technically defined as two quarters of negative GDP.  [[Page S3195]]    Well, one thing President Obama recognized back after the great  recession of 2008, is it is not a time to raise taxes, and apparently  the current Biden administration did not learn that lesson, nor did the  majority leader.   This bill would simply make inflation worse, not better. Why the  Democratic leader has prioritized partisan politics over sound,  bipartisan policy is lost on me. Why he would elevate partisanship  above national security is lost on me. And why he would show contempt  for the challenges families are facing due to failed policies of the  Biden administration is lost on me.   But now he is doubling down. His decision to pursue this partisan  reconciliation bill won't just hurt families, it risks our ability to  pass critical CHIPS funding on a timely basis.   To reiterate the words of the Republican leader: There will be no  bipartisan USICA as long as Democrats are pursuing their reckless tax- and-spending agenda. Our Democratic colleagues cannot spend their  mornings working on a purely partisan spending spree for the next 4  weeks and expect Republicans to work with them on a bipartisan bill in  the afternoon.   We simply don't have time for these antics. Bipartisan conference  negotiations require compromise and confidence that the person sitting  across the table from you is negotiating in good faith.   Senator Schumer's tactics have jeopardized the good faith that has  driven this process up until now.   From the beginning, what was originally known as Endless Frontiers to  now the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, or USICA--this has been a  big bipartisan effort.   Two years ago, I introduced the CHIPS for America Act with Senator  Warner, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee on which I  sit, and a Democrat. We worked in good faith to get it signed into law  as part of the national defense reuthorization act. And we all worked  together--68 of us--to make sure that the bill was funded through the  bipartisan U.S. Innovation and Competition Act.   And more recently, I have been trying to help broker an agreement  that can get this bill signed into law as part of the conference  committee process. My desire to fund the CHIPS Act has not changed, but  Senator Schumer's choices have taken an already difficult job and made  it nearly impossible.   He is trying to turn what has been a bipartisan process into a  partisan exercise. I hope the Democratic leader will reconsider and  will abandon his partisan spending spree so that we can spend the next  3 weeks passing the CHIPS funding as part of the USICA with broad  bipartisan support.   This is a matter of national security and economic competitiveness,  and it should not become a victim of partisan games.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   