 Mr. President, families in Texas and across the country  are being pummeled by the highest inflation in 40 years. For everything  from gasoline to groceries, to clothing, to utility bills, basic  expenses have skyrocketed.   Groceries just don't cost more, they are also harder to find. Empty  shelves have become a sign of the times as supply chain problems,  staffing shortages, and severe weather have created a perfect storm.   On top of that, families are trying to stay safe and healthy in the  midst of a surge in COVID-19 cases. There is an urgent need for testing  and masks, both of which are increasingly hard to come by.   With so many urgent needs facing families in Texas and elsewhere,  what does the Democratic leadership have teed up for the Senate this  week? A partisan bill to take over the Nation's elections. Democrats  apparently want people to forget about the fact that they can't keep  their refrigerators or pantries stocked or that their kids are out of  school again because of the pandemic and can't study in person or that  it costs a small fortune to fill up your gas tank. Apparently, they are  trying to convince the American people that there is somehow a  coordinated assault on the right to vote and their partisan legislation  is the only savior.   According to our colleagues, the evidence of this attack can be found  in a number of State laws passed this last year, even though many of  the reforms in those laws make voting easier than in a number of blue  States. The Georgia law, for example, extends the early voting period  to 17 days, giving voters more time than what is offered in the  President's home State of Delaware, which, until this year, did not  allow any in-person early voting.   When that argument fails, though, our colleagues say the need for  this legislation stems from the attack on the Capitol on January 6,  even though their bill was written long before a mob descended on this  building. In fact, the first version of the For the People Act was  introduced in 2019, more than 3 years ago.   The so-called voting rights crisis is nothing more than manufactured  hysteria to justify our colleagues' longstanding attempts to take over  America's elections.   Just to put a timeframe around the concerns, this is what 94 percent  of respondents to a Pew poll, a nonpartisan poll, said about the 2020  elections. Ninety-four percent said it was easy or very easy to cast  their ballot. Yet the legislation that is going to be considered today  has its origins in a 2019 bill called the For the People Act, which  obviously predates this poll from the Pew corporation.   While I have no doubt the Senate will reject this legislation once  again, I never cease to be amazed at how far our colleagues are willing  to go to enhance their own political power purely along partisan lines.  As a matter of fact, they have done a complete about-face.   Less than 5 years ago, the majority leader said we should ``build a  firewall around the legislative filibuster.'' He has now laid the  groundwork and will call the vote to end it. The Democratic leader has  tried to frame this radical move as a way to promote debate, but make  no mistake, our colleagues aren't trying to blow up the Senate to force  Republicans to explain our opposition to the election takeover bill. In  fact, we have done that endlessly. We don't need this drama in order to  explain our position. I, for one, have spent hours on the Senate floor  explaining the dangers of this partisan legislation, as have many of my  other colleagues.   The only conclusion I can reach is that our Democratic colleagues are  trying to blow up the Senate in order to clear a path for purely  partisan legislation, to take a body that was actually created to  promote bipartisan consensus building and make it possible with purely  Democrat votes to work their will in a body that represents some 330  million Americans. What a bad idea that would be, to promote purely  partisan legislation and dissuade or take away the incentives that  encourage us to do what doesn't come naturally, and that is to actually  work together and build consensus.   Our colleagues apparently don't realize how shortsighted this move  actually is. In the Senate, the door actually swings both ways. One  day, you are in a majority. The next day, you are using every tool at  your disposal to have a say in the process while representing your  constituents.   No matter how much frustration and heartache the filibuster creates  for the majority party, the shoe is always capable of being on the  other foot. Those of us who have been here a while have been in the  majority and in the minority and understand the frustration that a  majority feels when they can't get what they want while complying with  the Senate rules and the consensus-building requirement of the 60-vote  cloture vote requirement.   But if our colleagues succeed in blowing up the filibuster, there is  no question that it will be easier for them to turn their progressive  wish list into the law of the land.   You can't just carve out one piece of legislation. Once we head down  that slippery slope, the legislative filibuster is gone.   Taking over America's elections may be the first item on their  agenda, but it won't be the last. They could pass the Green New Deal  2.0, impose sweeping gun control laws, legalize abortion from the time  of conception until the time of natural delivery, and force every  individual in the country into a one-size-fits-all healthcare plan.  They could expand the Supreme Court and pack it with partisan Justices.  They could even add new States--Puerto Rico, Washington, DC--and add to  their majority in the Senate while doing so.   There would be no limit, no constraint, not even a speed bump on what  our Democratic colleagues could do if they created so-called carve-outs  for every bill they dub ``must-pass legislation.'' The entirety of the  radical left's wish list could become law without having to gain a  single Republican vote.   Of course, there is one big caveat here: Our Democratic colleagues  can only do that if they retain the majority. As our colleagues know,  power is fleeting, and at some point, the shoe will always be on the  other foot. The sign on Senator Schumer's door may say ``majority  leader'' today, but that won't last forever. In a year, Republicans  could hold the majority in both the Senate and the House. Three years  from today, we could have a Republican President-elect. I would like to  ask my colleagues, what happens then? When Republicans control the  Senate, the House, and the White House, as Democrats do now, how would  our colleagues feel about the new rule book that they have created?  Will they stand by their decision to silence the minority and ignore  the millions of the people those Senators represent? Not a chance. If  the filibuster is eliminated, it doesn't just pave the way to our  Democratic colleagues' agenda; it clears the path for the majority's  agenda, whichever party that may be.    Now, liberal activists may like the idea of nuking the filibuster  today, but they will soon find themselves ruing the day their party  broke the Senate. The next Republican-controlled Senate could make the  2017 tax cuts permanent and ensure that blue-State millionaires are  required to pay their fair share of Federal taxes.   We could make sure that there would be investments in border security  and immigration enforcement and craft reforms to reduce the immigration  court backlog. We could withhold Federal funding from sanctuary cities  and prioritize the deportation of violent criminals.   We could implement a 20-week ban on abortions and ensure that any  baby who survives an abortion receives lifesaving care. We could expand  school choice to give students and parents more options when it comes  to a quality education. We could protect our constituents' Second  Amendment rights and establish concealed carry reciprocity throughout  the Nation.   We could pass right-to-work laws, expand natural gas production, and  make even more investments in our national security.   In short, a future Republican-controlled Senate would be able to  accomplish a lot, all thanks to a precedent that our Democratic  colleagues seek to establish today. And while I would love to see many  of these bills that I just  [[Page S287]]  mentioned become law, I oppose any effort to eliminate or weaken the  legislative filibuster, just as we did when we were in the majority  working with a Republican President during the preceding 4 years.   There is no scenario in which partisan wins are more important than  long-term stability for our laws and our public policy. It is not just  the American people who would experience whiplash under this game of  ping-pong. Imagine the chaos our economy would endure if laws were  simply changed every couple of years because a new majority comes into  place.   Without some degree of predictability, how could businesses, small  and large alike, make investments that would pay off in the future and  create more jobs and help grow our economy?   This is why we need the filibuster for every piece of legislation  that comes out of the Senate. The much derided 60-vote threshold is  there to ensure the stability of our country's laws and policies are  not affected by the transitory majorities that we find here in  Congress.   I know the Democratic leader and many of our colleagues are moved to  action by their political base, and some may actually be worried about  having a primary opponent unless they go to the mat trying to eliminate  the filibuster. Well, some of our colleagues have experienced  unbelievable pressure, particularly the Senator from West Virginia and  the Senator from Arizona. And last night, if the press reports are  accurate, when asked whether the majority leader would support a  contested primary run against Senator Manchin and Senator Sinema, he  didn't respond. The Senator from Vermont, Senator Sanders, did respond  and said he would consider supporting a primary opponent to the Senator  from West Virginia and the Senator from Arizona. I would make the point  that it was the junior Senator from Vermont who made that statement,  not the Presiding Officer.   So, in the Democratic Party, if you can't vote your conscience  anymore, you either have to fall in line or your colleagues will make  every effort to try to kick you out.   Well, I have some news for our friends across the aisle. If they  think liberal activists are upset now, they haven't seen anything yet  because, if the majority leader successfully blows up the rules of the  Senate, the radical left will have a full-on meltdown when Republicans  regain the majority, which could be as soon as next year.   Regardless of which party holds the majority, the Senate rules should  not be bent or broken to achieve strictly partisan wins. Democrats'  attempt to blow up the Senate is reckless and embarrassingly  shortsighted. You wonder if anybody learned anything out of the debates  and the nuclear option that was used strictly for judicial nominations,  which resulted in three Republican nominees being confirmed to the  Supreme Court during the last President's term of office.   Later today, all 100 Senators will go on the record. Each Member will  vote on whether to silence 50 Senators and the tens of millions of  people that those of us in the majority represent. All of my Republican  colleagues support the filibuster, even when we have received a lot of  pressure--like the Senator from Arizona and the Senator from West  Virginia have had--from people in their own political party, including  the President of the United States, because we have stood in favor of  that requirement because of the stabilizing force that it provides and,  again, forcing us to do something that doesn't necessarily come  natural, and that is to work together and build bipartisan consensus.   Don't get me wrong. It is hard, in this polarized country, to work  together and find common ground, but it is essential that we continue  to do so where we can. Our Democratic colleagues used to agree. In  fact, it has been less than 5 years since 27 of our current Democratic  colleagues signed a letter arguing that the filibuster should be  preserved. We will see if those colleagues and the many others who have  defended the filibuster end up caving to the radical left in their  political base and vote to blow up the Senate.   For the sake of the American people, our economy, and the long-term  stability of our government, I hope this ends up being another failed  vote.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Virginia.   