 Madam Speaker, over the last year, our  law enforcement officers have been faced with targeted attacks,  skyrocketing crime rates, and decimated budgets.   Madam Speaker, despite these challenges, our law enforcement officers  continue to protect and serve our communities with unwavering bravery,  sacrifice, and selflessness.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to represent so many incredible law  enforcement officers in eastern North Carolina, all of whom put  themselves at risk each day so that the rest of us can live in safe,  secure communities.   Madam Speaker, Deputy Zachary Bellingham, a former U.S. Marine and  deputy for the Craven County Sheriff's Office, in my district, is no  exception.   On October 21, 2021, Deputy Bellingham sustained life-threatening  injuries while performing a wellness check in New Bern, North Carolina,  when he was shot in the line of duty. Following his injuries, he was  taken to Carolina East Medical Center, airlifted to Greenville, and  received emergency surgery. He was then transferred to Shepherd's  Rehabilitation Center in Atlanta, where he has shown strong  perseverance in his rehabilitation.   The conduct and actions of Deputy Bellingham embody the values of a  true American hero. Madam Speaker, his brave actions on that fateful  day highlight the very best of our law enforcement and all they do to  protect our communities. I am so relieved to know that Deputy  Bellingham is in good care and continuing his road to recovery.   After his injury, members of our community quickly rallied around  Deputy Bellingham, offering him well-wishes in support of his recovery.   His service, Madam Speaker, is one we all honor and appreciate, and I  am grateful to represent such a compassionate and caring community in  eastern North Carolina.   Madam Speaker, please join us in expressing our sincere gratitude to  not only this deputy but all law enforcement officers for their  commitment to keeping us and our families safe each and every day.  [[Page H1011]]        