 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and for her leadership on this legislation.   Today the committee action agencies, or CAAs, form a network of more  than 1,000 organizations that meet the unique needs of communities to  help lift low-income individuals and families out of poverty. For  decades community action agencies have been central pillars to our  communities. They administer programs such as Head Start, to provide  quality early childhood education for low-income children and support  their families; Meals on Wheels, to support seniors experiencing hunger  and isolation; and LIHEAP, the Low Income Home Energy Assistance  Program that helps people keep up with their utilities.   In fact, it is the only Federal program whose broad mission is to  address poverty conditions and allow community action agencies to  tailor services for low-income individuals in their communities, and  they do this with the goal of giving a hand up, not a handout.   Community action agencies' work is made possible by the community  services block grant, the CSBG. Unfortunately, the CSBG program has not  been reauthorized since 1998 creating uncertainty in the program.   The bipartisan Community Services Block Grant Modernization Act of  2022 reauthorizes CSBG for 10 years, the longest period in history, and  improves the statute to help CAAs expand their work and reduce poverty  across the country.   This includes increased authorization levels and raising the CSBG  program income eligibility thresholds to expand access to their  services. This will put CSBG on solid footing so that the program  continues to meet the complex and changing needs of low-income  individuals and communities without changing local control to this  important program.   I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson), the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms.  McCollum), the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Stefanik), the gentleman  from California (Mr. DeSaulnier), and the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Comer) for championing this bipartisan legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   The chair of the subcommittee has said a lot about the charitable  choice provision and the fact that faith-based entities have long  participated in community action programs from the very beginning in  the 1960s, and there is no evidence that they will stop participating.   Charitable choice purports to advance religious freedom, ensuring  participation of faith-based organizations. The fact is, they are going  to participate. Some may not because they cannot operate without  discriminating. Well, that is their right. But if you are going to take  Federal money, you should not discriminate.   This language that is being offered, the language that is not in the  bill, authorizes broad religious discrimination against employees and  fails to adequately protect religious liberty rights of beneficiaries  in taxpayer-funded social services.   Now, when a church runs a program, they can hire whoever they want  based on religion with church money. But when you take Federal money,  there ought to be equal opportunity in hiring.   So, the charitable choice language, which is not in the bill as it  is, requires equal opportunity, so if you apply for a job, you won't be  discriminated against.   Unfortunately, this charitable choice thing kind of redefines the  victim of discrimination. When somebody applies for a job under  charitable choice and is told, ``We don't hire your kind because you  are the wrong religion,'' we have redefined the victim in that as the  agency discriminating because if we don't let them discriminate, we are  violating their religious liberty.   What about the person who applied for the job? They have been denied  a job solely on the basis of religion. It is my view that that is the  one who needs the protection. We don't need to protect the right to  discriminate.   In fact, that is why a broad coalition of civil rights, labor, and  health organizations supports the removal of the language that allows  that kind of discrimination, and that is in the letter that the  chairwoman has offered.   That letter says, in part: ``Charitable choice does not protect  religious freedom; rather, it uses the guise of religious freedom to  justify discrimination against employees and put people who need  government services at risk.''   I think it is time that this language be removed, as this bill before  us does, so that the real victims of discrimination who are being  discriminated against can get the protection of the Federal Government  as they have since the 1964 civil rights bill.   