 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Pennsylvania.  I would just note, my colleagues are talking about what we are actually  here to talk about. We are talking about the concern about Black  Americans. How about the fact that in Chicago we had 800 homicides last  year. How about in Philadelphia, 562 homicides. How about in D.C., 227  homicides. How about in Austin, we had 89 homicides. The 12 major  cities that broke homicide records in 2021 all have Democratic mayors.   Now, Democrats on the other side of the aisle want to politicize what  should be a bipartisan approach to figure out how to combat crime, the  very crime that has been created by the policies of our Democratic  friends on the other side of the aisle. That is the truth and that is  what we know.   The gentleman from New York is talking about what is going on with  respect to domestic terrorism. The fact of the matter is, we know the  truth. He asked what is different? Well, the gentleman from  Pennsylvania answered what is different. We know precisely what is  different, which is that this Department of Justice is targeting  Americans, like Scott Smith, a father in Loudon County, Virginia, who  dared to go to the school board and complain about the assault of his  daughter in a public school.   Now, the gentleman from New York is smirking--smirking about a little  girl who was raped in a high school. The father goes to complain to the  school board, and then the National School Boards Association  coordinates with the Department of Justice to figure out how to target  parents; to then tag individuals specifically as to whether or not they  are threatening people by merely going to a school board to register  their complaint.   That is what is at stake here. That is why we are opposing what  Democrats are trying to do. Then they want to gloss over things like  Frank James in Brooklyn, a Black nationalist who goes in and assaults  30 to 33 people on a subway in New York. That just gets wistfully wiped  away while the gentleman wants to politicize that which we should be  coming together to figure out how to save the American people from the  harm befalling them.    That is what is going on with the rule here. I will talk about energy  later. The rule here is bad for the United States of America, and we  should be protecting the people here during cop week.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Here we sit on the floor of the House of Representatives, and we are  talking about allegedly crime. But we are not talking about, of the  17,000 homicides last year, the 800 homicides in Chicago, the 562  homicides in Philadelphia, the 89 homicides in Austin, Texas--blowing  away the former record of 59 homicides. In the 12 major cities that  broke their homicide records in 2021, all have Democratic mayors.   We are seeing it across the country. We are seeing the absolute  destruction of law and order across the United States of America  through the defunding of police, through the attack on police, as we  sit here on National Police Week, undermining the ability to prosecute  bad guys.    Nobody in this Chamber would say we shouldn't prosecute bad guys. As  a former Federal prosecutor, sign me up. Let's prosecute bad guys. I am  all for it.   But we understand what this is actually about. We understand what  propping up a domestic terrorism unit in this FBI, in this  administration's Federal Government, what it is all about because we  saw it in naked display last fall.   We see, through all of the information we are getting from  whistleblowers, we see it in the information that we are getting on  tags targeting parents. We see it in the empowerment of the FBI to  focus and target parents in collusion with the National Association of  School Boards, in active coordination with the National Association of  School Boards, we are seeing the targeting of parents.   And this isn't made up. Scott Smith is an actual father. He is an  actual man in Loudoun County, Virginia, who had his face put up as the  poster child for an extremist activity by the FBI to target parents in  coordination with that National Association of School Boards.   If you go back and look at the video and you hear Scott Smith's wife  crying that her husband was being targeted, her husband was being  targeted in the school board meeting because he dared to question the  school board when his daughter had been sexually assaulted in a  bathroom at a school he pays taxes for her to attend.   And then this administration had the audacity to make him the poster  child to target parents with the power of the FBI. We know this  happened. We got the information from the school board association. We  got the whistleblower's account of the tags being used by the FBI to do  it.   So as my colleague from Florida pointed out about what this is really  about, it is about empowerment of the Federal bureaucracy to target  Americans. That is what it is about. It is questioning that you don't  think right. It is the extension of thought crimes that is pervasive in  this body that will allow the government to target us for what we  believe, inherently undermining our fundamental rights as Americans to  free speech, to freedom of association, to be able to engage, to be  able to talk with each other without having our government target us.   If a bad actor carries out bad acts, prosecute him, prosecute her.  But you have to do that with police that are funded. You have to do it  with district attorneys who will prosecute the crimes. And you have to  be honest about saying we need to target criminals for criminal acts  and not thought crimes. This is nothing more than empowering the  Federal Government to police thought and speech in the United States of  America, and we should oppose it roundly.   