 Madam President, it is a privilege to be here on the  Senate floor speaking to Kansans and to Americans, to Vladimir Putin  and to Ukrainians, and to the rest of the world, our allies, our  friends, and our adversaries. It is a privilege to be here with the  opportunity of speaking with one voice.   As we know, that does not happen frequently enough in the U.S.  Senate, but the Presiding Officer was on this trip with us to Eastern  Europe and to the Ukrainian border, and my colleagues here on the  Senate floor--Republicans, Democrats, and Independents; Members of the  U.S. Senate, together--saw what we saw and resolved what we resolved  together.   I am so pleased that that is the case. Particularly our adversaries,  but clearly our allies, as well, must know that this is not a  Democratic or Republican issue. It is an American issue. It is a world  issue. It is something about freedom that transcends any of the  differences that we have here in the United States or in the U.S.  Senate.   And every day matters. While it is important for us to bring our  report  [[Page S1730]]  home to our colleagues and to our constituents about what we saw, what  we heard, and what, most importantly, we felt, it is important that we  act.   Remember the Ukrainian citizens who told us: It is OK to proclamate.  It is OK to have a statement. It is OK to pass a resolution. But what  we need is action.   Every day matters in the fight against Vladimir Putin's unprovoked,  unjust, and immoral invasion of Ukraine.   To any of the people who say Ukraine is at fault here, I cast all  doubt about that. That is not the case. What is happening in Ukraine,  what is happening in Eastern Europe, and what may happen beyond the  borders of Ukraine is the result of an evil man named Vladimir Putin.   The United States--this administration--must stop telling Putin what  we won't do. Don't ever tell our adversaries: We are not going to do  this.   It makes absolutely no sense.   But we do need to do what we said we will do and even more.   Our slow bureaucratic march to provide aid is not keeping up with the  Russian forces. I dread when I get up in the morning, each morning,  before, but especially after, I returned from the Ukrainian border. I  dread turning on the television to see what the latest news is and what  the sights are from Ukraine, only to find more onslaught, more death,  more destruction.   Every minute, every day matters. We have delayed ourselves in  providing financial sanctions and in imposing financial sanctions. We  were slow in energy sanctions, and we were slow in getting a defensive  military package in place. But we are moving now.   This Congress has reached its conclusions about the importance of  these things. This administration has acted, but the things that we  have promised, apparently, still have not in total reached Ukraine.   How difficult it must be to be a Ukrainian, knowing that something is  coming from the outside world to help? While I get up and dread the  news of the day, every moment in their lives has to be the expectation,  the hope that something is going to arrive today to bring this  incursion, this massacre, this death and destruction to an end.   If you are a parent in Ukraine, it is not about what you see on the  nightly news, on the morning news. It is about how am I going to save  my children's lives today? What is going to occur in a few moments? And  our answer can't be: It is coming. We will be there later.   It has to be: We are there now.   The defensive military package includes Stinger anti-aircraft  systems, Javelin anti-armor weapon systems, tactical unmanned aerial  systems, grenade launchers, firearms, ammunition, and body armor and  helmets. But they must be delivered. They mean nothing on a list. They  mean nothing on a piece of paper that says we are shipping these  things, on a bill of lading. They mean nothing en route to Ukraine.  They mean something when they are in the hands of the Ukrainians that  we know to be committed, brave, persistent, undeterred.    You know in visiting, the Senator spoke about the military men and  women we have seen from our own country and what an inspiration they  are and how much we appreciate their service and their sacrifice and  their families back here in Kansas and across the country.   Our military men and women from Kansas have been training Ukrainians  over the last several years, and even they are amazed that, despite  their relationships and training with the Ukrainian soldiers, how  successful they are. I think, unfortunately, in this country we thought  that this invasion would last a few days and that it would be over and  the Ukrainian people decimated or surrendered.   And so our expectations, apparently, were that we were not necessary,  that we were not a solution to this problem. The course of events is  already predetermined, but the human spirit defies all expectations-- the human spirit of the Ukrainian people, the tremendous leadership.   My experience suggests to me the value of a leader. You can have  highly trained soldiers, but if you don't have leaders who inspire,  their abilities to succeed, their abilities to persevere disappear. And  President Zelenskyy has been the role model.   My guess is that citizens around the world look at Zelenskyy and say:  Oh, that is the kind of clear leadership, determination that we need-- clear spoken, clear acting, not running, fighting the fight.   We must make certain--this is a moral issue, Americans, the world. If  you think that the war was going to be over in a few days, you may have  a different attitude. But now that we know that it is not, we have to  provide the military equipment, the means for the Ukrainian people,  their military, their civilians, not just to survive another day but to  win the war. How immoral it is to provide just enough to live but not  enough to win.   What we saw on the Polish-Ukrainian border is the impact of Putin's  war to these people, to the people of Ukraine, to the people of the  neighboring countries--the fear that our NATO allies have that Ukraine  may not be next. Not only do we need to provide the equipment and  support for Ukrainians to win for purposes of the Ukrainian people, but  if Putin doesn't pay the price, if he feels that he is all-empowered  after his march through Ukraine, I have no level of comfort that he  stops at the Ukrainian border.   I am saddened by what I saw: the human suffering, the tragedies. We  all have kids and grandkids. And we saw Ukrainian children; we saw  parents who love them but had to give them up for their safety and  security. We saw families--wives who love their husbands, spouses who  love each other but departing because dad, brother needs to stay behind  to fight the fight.   And on the other hand, there was the tremendous relief in seeing the  response by others. It happens often in crises around the world, when  Americans and others--the whole world--resolve to help people in these  circumstances.   But this is not a flood; this is not is tsunami; this is not an  earthquake. The sadness of this comes from: This is unnecessary. This  is one man's evil actions causing the desperation and death, the  tragedy, in Ukraine.   And we should know that it doesn't end at the Ukrainian borders. Even  if Putin doesn't cross the border, the hunger, the starvation, the lack  of food around the world--Ukraine is the breadbasket of Europe, and its  ability to feed itself and its ability to feed the rest of the world is  disappearing.   We will see the need for assistance and humanitarian aid in countries  around the globe only increase at a time in which there is famine in so  many places.   It is a circumstance caused by a tyrant, whose actions will not just  affect Ukrainian people, but the rest of the world.   We must be unified with our NATO allies. And it was so pleasing to  see the NATO countries who now recognize the importance of NATO and are  stepping up to fulfill their commitments, in support of the Ukrainians,  but in support of this pact that at the end of World War II, across the  Atlantic, it was decided that America had a role to play, but we could  only play that role with the cooperation of others.   It is still true today. America has a role to play, but we need  friends and allies, and we made our commitment to NATO. They, too, need  to know that America will be steadfast. We can demonstrate that by  being steadfast in Ukraine.   It is immoral, it is death causing, it is damning should the United  States of America fail in its obligations.   I will conclude with the story I have told before. It comes from  watching the news--something I try to avoid doing--about the reporter  who is asking what appears to me to be a 10-, 11-year-old boy in a  Ukrainian orphanage that question we often ask young people: What do  you want to be when you grow up?   This little boy, through an interpreter, answered that question, What  do I want to be when I grow up? His response was: I want to be an  American.   What does that tell us about us? Americans? It tells us that we are  still something special. We still matter. The rest of the world still  pays attention to us, and an 11-year-old boy across the globe knows  enough about us to know that is what he wants to be.   That should make us feel proud as Americans, but it also ought to  make us accept and fulfill our responsibilities.  [[Page S1731]]    No 11-year-old boy in an orphanage in Ukraine ought to be in an  orphanage in Ukraine. And we, our allies, must fulfill our  responsibilities of what it is to be an American.   Madam President, I offer my willingness to work with you and everyone  in this U.S. Senate, the Congress, and the administration to make sure  that, knowing that there are people in the world who know what they  want when they grow up is to be an American, to do my part to make sure  that America is the place and an American is who you would want to be.   I yield the floor.   