 Mr. President, as if in executive session, I ask that the  motion to reconsider with respect to the Pagan nomination be considered  made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to offer  a few remarks about claims that have been made on this floor over the  course of the last few days regarding the path forward to American  energy independence.   The oil industry--reaping record profits in the billions of dollars-- is taking advantage, quite artfully, of the crisis in Ukraine to make  arguments to the U.S. Congress and this administration that they should  be given new liberties to drill on lands in the United States to be  able to reap even greater profits.   And the claim that the oil industry makes that is often parroted by  friends inside this body is that the path to American energy  independence runs through drilling for more oil in the United States of  America. That is not true. That is an oil industry talking point. That  is a means by which the industry can get Congress and the  administration to provide them with new opportunities for more profit.   But the facts belie the argument that America could achieve energy  independence solely through drilling for more oil and exploring for  more gas in the United States. Why do we know this? Well, we know this,  primarily, because the oil industry doesn't drill in the United States  to benefit our national security. They drill in the United States to  make money. And the reality is, when the price of a barrel of oil is  too low compared to the cost of pulling it out of the ground in the  United States, the oil companies don't drill. Right now, for instance,  the oil industry has thousands of leases to drill on public lands that  they are not utilizing.   As you would hear it on the floor of the Senate, the failure to be  energy independent is Joe Biden's fault because he is not providing for  any new leases on public lands. Well, you do not need any new leases on  public lands because there are thousands of leases that the oil  industry already has to drill that they just are not using. There is  nothing in the ground. There is no oil coming up. And the reason for  that is, well, the economy was in shambles, so there wasn't demand; the  price of oil was down so that the companies didn't see a big enough  profit; there is a general workforce shortage right now in the  industry. But none of those reasons are Joe Biden. Those are market- based reasons why the oil industry has not been drilling on land they  already own.   The second reason why there is not a path to energy independence  through drilling alone is because the oil that we drill in the United  States, it doesn't stay in the United States. Some of it does, but much  of it gets exported. In 2020, we were drilling about 18 million barrels  a day in the United States. About half of that was shipped overseas.  Only half of that stayed in the United States. I wanted to make sure  that wasn't something we needed to pay closer attention to.   The oil that we drill in the United States doesn't stay here. It goes  to the highest bidder. In fact, often, the oil we drill in the United  States is going to China. For as hard as my friends on the other side  of the aisle say we should be on China, the reality is, during some  months of the last several years, America was sending record amounts of  oil from U.S. oil production facilities to the Chinese Government.   It just isn't true that there is a path to American energy security  simply by drilling for more oil in the United States. That oil only  comes out of the ground when the price is high enough. The oil industry  doesn't drill to be patriotic. They drill to make money. And there is  never a guarantee that that oil or that gas stays in the United States;  much of it is sent overseas.   As I mentioned, there is also no argument to be made credibly that  Joe Biden is waging some war on American energy independence.   The two biggest changes that are often cited that the President made:  One is, as I referenced, this pause on new leases on public lands. That  just has very little impact because, first of all, very little of the  oil that the industry drills is on public lands. Only 10 percent of the  oil the industry drills is on public lands. Ninety percent of it is on  privately held lands, so a pause on 10 percent of the leases just  doesn't have a macro effect on oil drilling.   Second, any leases that the administration would give out right now,  they don't end up in drilling occurring for years. So whether or not we  are pausing or not pausing leases on 10 percent of the opportunities to  drill in the United States, that has an impact years from now, not  today.   The argument is, ``Well, the President stopped the Keystone Pipeline  from going into effect.'' Same thing. The Keystone Pipeline was years  out; and, second, most of the Keystone Pipeline oil wasn't staying in  the United States. Most of that oil was going to be shipped overseas.   There is a reason why the Keystone Pipeline was ending up near the  terminals in the Gulf that ended up sending oil to places other than  the United States. Once again, the Keystone Pipeline was not a  guarantee for American energy independence; that was a guarantee that  the majority of that oil was going to end up in some other country.   And so if you are serious about energy independence, then you are not  serious if you are talking about getting there through drilling. This  is not a serious solution, because the facts tell you that the drilling  only happens when the oil industry makes enough money and that the  lion's share, at least half of that oil and gas, can end up going  overseas, not to American consumers.   Do you know how you do make this country energy independent?  Investing in renewables, because we don't ship wind power overseas. We  don't ship solar energy overseas. When a wind turbine is running in  Iowa or a solar panel is generating energy in California, that energy  goes straight onto the American grid. That energy stays right here in  the United States.   Now, it also has a tremendous benefit of being clean energy, of not  contributing to the warming of the planet. That alone is a good enough  reason to prioritize clean energy over fossil fuel energy, but  renewable energy also has the benefit of being truly domestic energy;  truly secure, American-only energy, as opposed to fossil fuels, which  only get turned on when the price is high enough and often end up  leaving the United States to other countries.   Those are the facts. The oil industry delights when crises like this  occur and the prices go up at the pump, and friends of theirs come down  and claim that the only path to energy independence is through more  drilling. But the problem is it just isn't true.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   