 Madam Speaker, before I begin today's remarks, I will  take a moment to acknowledge the devastating news of the two confirmed  American deaths in Ukraine: Brent Renaud, an American journalist  working with a documentary film team who was fatally shot over the  weekend; and FOX News network just confirmed moments ago one of their  cameramen, Pierre Zakrzewski, was killed while on assignment in  Ukraine.   An entire nation grieves with their families as they mourn the loss  of their loved ones.   We also continue to pray for the recovery of FOX News correspondent,  Benjamin Hall, who suffered serious injuries while covering the war.   Now, Madam Speaker, on Sunday, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard fired  dozens of missiles near the U.S. consulate in Iraq. This brazen attack  on a civilian area by the terrorist arm of the Iranian regime was  unjustified, illegal, and dangerous.   Madam Speaker, the President of the United States has not said one  word about these missiles from Iran--which has bragged about it-- towards the U.S. consulate in Iraq. Iran continues to wage an  aggressive terror campaign against America and our allies.   Remember, Madam Speaker, Iran's Parliament has chanted ``death to  America'' and the commander in chief of the Revolutionary Guard has  vowed to set ablaze Israel. I would think with missiles being shot at  Americans that the Secretary of State and--at the very least--the  President of the United States would say and stand against this. Yet,  the Biden administration is quietly rushing ahead with a bad agreement  that would give Iran--the world's leading state sponsor of terror-- nuclear weapons.   President Biden has kept Congress and the American people in the dark  about this dangerous deal which is illegal and goes against legislation  this body has passed. Madam Speaker, when you look at the troubling  terms, it is easily seen why they want to keep us and America in the  dark.   It would lift our most significant terrorism and missile sanctions  and send Iran hundreds of billions of dollars. That means that Iran  would see the windfall of cash to continue their terror campaign they  had engaged in on Sunday and every day.   This agreement is entirely on Iran's terms.   But what is even worse is: Who is negotiating it?   While the world looks at the evil of Putin and Russia killing  innocent people and murdering throughout Ukraine, it is this  administration that has Russia negotiating with Iran on America's  behalf.   Now, what does the Russian Ambassador say?   He says that the deal that the Biden administration is negotiating  gives Iran much more than it could expect, much more. And in return for  making significant concessions, we get nothing: no serious system to  check if the Iranian regime is cheating on the terms of the deal; no  safeguards against Iranian terrorism like we saw on Sunday targeting  Americans; no leverage over the expanded trade between Russia, China,  and Iran; and nothing to help the Iranian people.   This reported agreement is even worse than the Obama Iran deal of  2015. Under the terms of this deal, Iran would be a nuclear state in  the blink of an eye. It would have enough uranium to create nuclear  bombs which would endanger America, Israel, and the entire world.   This is not only unthinkable, it is unacceptable. We should not allow  the rogue Iranian regime to have nuclear weapons. The Biden  administration has made a dangerous mistake by negotiating with the  Iranian regime.   They made terrible mistakes time and again, how they pulled out of  Afghanistan, welcomed a pipeline to Putin, and said in a press  conference that if Putin just takes part of Ukraine, it wouldn't be so  bad.   And now Iran sends weapons--missiles--at Americans, and not one word  is said but a negotiation continues using Russia as our negotiator.  This Biden administration has made a dangerous mistake.   Furthermore, President Biden has compounded his mistake by relying on  Russia to negotiate on our behalf and reportedly has given them written  guarantees that the deal would protect their trade with Tehran.   Think about that: We are making major concessions on Russian trade  with Iran at the very moment we are sanctioning Russia for mercilessly  killing Ukrainians. That is outrageous and just plain stupid.   Has President Biden learned nothing?   Our objective is to isolate Putin, not empower him. The Russians  should not be responsible for anything--especially not a major deal-- and should never speak on behalf of Americans.   Madam Speaker, I urge President Biden to make the right choice: Walk  away. Because knowing when to walk away from the negotiating table is  just as important as knowing when to sit down.    It is also very important to know when to stand up. If a terrorist  country sends weapons and missiles to attack Americans and you stay  silent, that is the wrong answer, the wrong response, and leads to a  dangerous future.   Stand up for America, stand up for freedom, stand up for what is  right, and walk away from this agreement.   