 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support  of this legislation.   I have been working on telehealth and telemedicine for nearly three  decades, since my time in the California State Senate.   As founder and Co-Chair of the Congressional Telehealth Caucus, I  have repeatedly introduced multiple bipartisan bills expanding access  to telehealth, and have worked with my colleagues on the caucus-- including Ms. Matsui, Mr. Welch, Mr. Schweikert, and Mr. Johnson of  Ohio--to ensure that access to telehealth services does not disappear  at the conclusion of the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency.   I was proud to author legislation two years ago expanding telehealth  in Medicare for the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. That  legislation--which was included in the very first COVID-19 relief  measure advanced by Congress--has allowed millions of seniors on  Medicare to see their doctors over the past two years without leaving  their homes.   By allowing these patients to receive the care they need remotely,  we've been able to minimize transmission risk while maximizing safety  for both patients and providers.   In my view, the expansion and widespread adoption of telehealth  services is one of the few silver linings of COVID-19.   Americans across our country now know firsthand that by integrating  technology with health care, we can bring care to underserved areas,  reduce burdens on parents and caregivers, increase the efficiency of  our health care system and, in many cases, save money: by ensuring that  patients receive care swiftly, we can treat medical conditions early  on--thereby warding off worse (and more expensive) complications down  the road.   However, while the value of telehealth is particularly evident amidst  a pandemic, its utility is not limited to the present circumstances.   It is critical that Congress extend telehealth flexibilities in  Medicare beyond the COVID-19 public health emergency.   And that's what this bill does.   This bill includes numerous provisions of mine ensuring that seniors  can continue to visit providers remotely, regardless of zip code, for  two more years. It allows us to continue amassing and analyzing data,  and sets the stage for telehealth to become a permanent part of the  Medicare program--a goal I've long sought.   I want to thank the many, many colleagues of mine who have worked  with me on this critical issue.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes.   