 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support of  this legislation.   I rise today in support of an issue obviously that is very near and  dear to my heart, our legislation, the Cardiovascular Advances in  Research and Opportunities Legacy Act, or the CAROL Act, named after my  late wife, Carol Leavell Barr.   Mr. Speaker, my life changed forever, and the lives of my daughters  and Carol's family and friends' lives changed forever, when we lost  her, my best friend, to sudden cardiac arrest on June 16, 2020. She was  only 39 years old.   At a young age, Carol was diagnosed with an underlying condition  called mitral valve prolapse, or floppy valve syndrome, a typically  benign condition that results in sudden cardiac death in only 0.2  percent of cases.   We were told that this was no big deal, so there was no cause for  alarm for most of her adult life. We knew about her condition, but it  was not cause for alarm. Even her doctors were not alarmed by the  condition because of the very low incidence of sudden cardiac death  with this.   The end of her life didn't define her life. I want to just share a  little bit. I mean, obviously, this is a picture of her. She was  beautiful, inside and out. She had an amazing smile. She was smart. She  was fun. She was accomplished professionally.   Ironically, she was in pharmaceutical sales, and she was in the  cardiovascular space. Her motivation and willingness to give back to  the American Heart Association and charity, a lot of that had to do  with the fact that she was aware that she had this underlying  preexisting heart condition.   She was an organized list maker. She would always say: Let's just get  it done.   She loved to read, travel, and cook for her family.   She loved Kentucky. She loved the Kentucky Derby, horses, and her  beloved Wildcats.   She loved her country, and she loved her family. She loved her  friends and especially our girls, and that was her gift: motherhood.  Motherhood was her gift.   She was a selfless giver to them, to me, to all of her friends, and  we have gratitude in our grief. We have gratitude for the 39 wonderful  years we did have with her.   We miss her terribly, but we are grateful and blessed that we now  have this to extend and amplify her legacy, this bill that is going to  help save lives, so her selfless giving goes on. I thank all my  colleagues for helping advance this.   Since this was such a rare situation where someone would die of MVP,  what were the factors that put Carol in the 0.2 percent versus the 99.8  percent category? That was the question that I had after her passing.   In my discussions with top cardiologists, medical experts,  researchers, and advocates following her passing, I learned the extent  to which the medical community seriously lacked the answers to that  critical question.   Sadly, over 25,000 of our fellow American citizens die each year from  heart valve disease, primarily due to underdiagnosis and undertreatment  of the condition, which was obviously the case with our Carol.   Inspired by her extraordinary life, my family and I decided to take  action and introduce the CAROL Act to better equip our medical  community with the resources needed to develop predictive models,  inform communities, and possibly save the lives of other loved ones.   Specifically, the CAROL Act authorizes a grant program administered  by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to support research on  valvular heart disease, including MVP.   This legislation marshals the full power of 21st century medical  innovation and encourages the utilization of technical imaging and  precision medicine to generate data on individuals with valvular heart  disease.   It is through this research, Mr. Speaker, that we can help identify  Americans like Carol at high risk of sudden cardiac death from valvular  heart disease and develop prediction models for high-risk patients,  enabling interventions and treatment plans to keep these patients  healthy throughout their lives.   Additionally, the CAROL Act will instruct the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention to increase public awareness regarding the  symptoms of valvular heart disease and effective strategies for  preventing sudden cardiac death.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful and honored that the CAROL Act earned the  bipartisan cosponsorship of 180 Members of this body.   I am grateful for so many others. I am grateful for Congresswoman  Kathleen Rice from New York, who I worked with in a bipartisan way on  the Energy and Commerce Committee. Obviously, Dr. Joyce was a powerful  spokesperson for this legislation in committee. I appreciate Chairman  Pallone's partnership in this. Ranking Member Cathy McMorris Rodgers  and my colleague from Kentucky who was friends with Carol, Brett  Guthrie, they really contributed mightily to this.    My friends Kevin McCarthy,   Steve Scalise, Brad Wenstrup, and Bill  Huizenga, they really helped us push it forward.   I thank Steny Hoyer, who himself lost his wife at a young age, and I  think he really helped push this forward.   In the Senate, Leader Mitch McConnell obviously knew Carol very well,  and his wife, Elaine Chao, was good friends with Carol. He was really  instrumental in pushing it through the Senate.   Arizona Senator Kyrsten Sinema lost a sister to a condition similar  to Carol's, and she was our lead Democrat in the Senate. I just saw  Kyrsten in the airport. She gave me a big hug to celebrate this great  day.   Finally, I thank Claire Osborn of my staff, who worked tirelessly on  this bill and made it a personal cause of hers. We would not be here  today without her tireless efforts.   The American Heart Association, the American College of Cardiology,  WomenHeart, Edwards Lifesciences, and over 20 additional medical groups  that supported our bill, I thank them for their advocacy.   Carol's greatest legacy will always be our two beautiful daughters,  Eleanor and Mary Clay. However, today, I hope that my colleagues in the  House will help me enshrine her legacy in a way that helps others avert  the tragedy that has profoundly impacted our family.   We thank all of our colleagues for helping advance this legislation,  and we are so grateful for the continued extraordinary legacy of Carol  Barr.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   