 Mr. President, as Senators are preparing to return home to  their home States over the Fourth of July, it is frustrating to me that  we once again kick the can down the road on providing needed funding to  address the ongoing COVID pandemic.   For months, the administration, scientists, and healthcare experts  have raised the alarm that we don't have the resources we need to stay  ahead of this virus. And actually with COVID, if you are not staying  ahead of it, you are slipping behind, to the detriment of all  Americans.   To keep our recovery afloat, we have robbed Peter to pay Paul.  Earlier this month, the administration announced that it is repurposing  $10 billion that we appropriated in Congress--$10 billion--to purchase  additional vaccines and additional therapeutics because our stocks are  running low.   The action by the administration, unfortunately, was necessary.  Projections indicate that as many as 100 million Americans--100 million  Americans--nearly 1 in 3, will be infected or reinfected with COVID  this fall and winter as our immunity from this disease wanes.  [[Page S3111]]    The President requested COVID funding. President Biden requested that  3 months ago. Republicans have blocked this funding. Without new  funding appropriated by Congress, the administration is left with no  choice but to repurpose that $10 billion. Even that, experts across the  board agree, is totally insufficient to prepare for the coming surge.   But even this necessary choice has consequences. To pay for these  vaccines and therapeutics, the administration had to take funding from  research for the next generation of vaccines and to sustain our testing  capacity. It was not, as some Republican Members have indicated, excess  cash that was simply there for the taking. This means that as the next  surge crashes over the country, we will not have the resources  necessary to assure that people can get tested.   Have we already forgotten the mad scramble driving from pharmacy to  pharmacy to get a rapid test so we could safely spend the holidays with  our friends and families just 6 months ago? It means that as new  variants will emerge, we are not going to have the necessary resources  to adequately continue the groundbreaking research we have supported  for next-generation vaccines.   And fueled by our waning immunity and insufficient vaccination  efforts abroad, new variants could emerge, and those will impose new  threats to us here at home.   The desperate measures taken by the administration, which they had to  do in the absence of congressional action, do nothing to support a  global vaccination effort that is running on fumes. The U.S. Agency for  International Development, which manages our global response to the  COVID pandemic, has already obligated more than 95 percent of the funds  they have available--95. Soon, they will have no choice but to start  shutting down their vaccine delivery operations. That will mean more  mutations, more variants, more infections, and more deaths abroad and  at home.    Keep in mind what we are doing with USAID. We are trying to stop this  pandemic outside our borders because we realize that every single one  of these variants is one airplane trip away from crossing our borders  even as we have to do things to stop it within our borders.   Finally, I want to make clear that we don't have time to say, ``Well,  we can act later on,'' as this is not a problem that can be solved by  flipping a switch, or to produce the tens of millions of doses of  vaccines and therapeutics necessary to prepare for a fall surge. The  government and biotech companies need to begin purchasing supplies now.   They can't say: Oh, we have an epidemic. Golly, go out and buy some  supplies.   Well, we have to make them first. Come back to us in a few months.   That doesn't do anything for the people who are getting hit with  COVID.   The longer we wait, the further we will fall behind as other  countries will place their orders ahead of ours.   I tell my friends on the other side of the aisle who are blocking  this money: We can't wait and see what happens. That is why we were  wholly unprepared for the pandemic in the first place. You will recall  the last administration said: We will wait and see what happens.   We refused to invest and prepare for the worst. Let's prepare for the  worst. We can hope for the best, but hope is not a vaccine. Preparation  can create vaccines. I am frustrated, once again, that we are leaving  town without addressing this looming crisis. Since March, I have called  on us to act.   As chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I will continue  to make these calls, and I will fight for these urgently needed  resources, but we have to wake up to the fact that we have to do it  now. You don't do it after the epidemic hits. You don't do the research  after. You try to do the research before and hope you can stop the  pandemic from happening.   I yield the floor.   