 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman of the Committee on  Appropriations for all she has done to get us to the point where we are  able to pass this continuing resolution today.   In June, House Democrats and Republicans came together to pass, by an  overwhelming supermajority, a sweeping package of reforms at the Food  and Drug Administration. That bipartisan legislation would strengthen  the integrity of the accelerated approval program, foster innovation,  improve clinical trial diversity, and reauthorize the agency's medical  product user fee programs. Those user fee programs help fund FDA  reviews for safety and efficacy of drugs and medical devices.   While the House concluded its work in June, the Senate failed to act.  As soon as we passed our legislation through the House, I reached out  to Ranking Member Rodgers and the Democratic and Republican leaders of  the Senate HELP Committee to begin bipartisan, bicameral conversations  to come to an agreement on a package of mutually agreeable FDA reforms.   After weeks of negotiations, our talks hit a temporary roadblock with  Senator Burr, the Republican ranking member of the Senate HELP  Committee, but we stayed at the table, and eventually, the negotiations  were fruitful. We were able to come together to find common ground  across several meaningful policy areas.   Unfortunately, despite this progress, Senate Minority Leader  McConnell decided to stand in the way of enacting bipartisan policies  to improve public health. Senator McConnell threatened to hold up  government funding if our FDA reforms were included in the continuing  resolution we are debating today.   While I am pleased that we are reauthorizing user fees, which will  prevent layoffs at the agency and allow the FDA to continue its  mission, I will continue pushing for the widely supported improvements  at the agency.   I have secured commitments from Senators Murray and Burr, as well as  Ranking Member Rodgers, to continue working to finalize a package of  FDA reforms before the continuing resolution expires in December, and I  look forward to taking meaningful action in the near future. For now, I  encourage Members to support continuing the work at the FDA by voting  in favor of the continuing resolution.   