 Madam Speaker, we are going to talk about hair, but this  bill is about discrimination. This bill is about equality. This bill is  about individual integrity. That is what this bill is about.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. I thank my  friend from New Jersey (Mrs. Watson Coleman) for putting it forward.   This bill, as I just said, is not about hair. It is about hair, of  course, but it is about the reaction, the inequality, the  discrimination, the ``you are not welcome here if your hair texture is  different,'' and you have to or want to fix it in a certain way.   It is about the ability of every person in our country to have access  to education, to economic advancements, and to opportunities to get  ahead.   This is an issue of civil rights. The legislation before us would  prohibit discrimination based on a person's hair texture or hairstyle  if that style or texture is commonly associated with a particular race  or national origin.   My hair is different than Barbara Lee's, who is seated next to me.  Neither one of us had anything to do with that. I had no way to have  the texture of my hair any way other than what  [[Page H3836]]  my genetic makeup was, nor did Barbara Lee.   Why, therefore, should there be any thought that anybody would be  able to discriminate on that basis? Too often, styles such as locs,  cornrows, twists, braids, Bantu knots, and Afros are wrongly perceived  as unkempt or unprofessional.   In fact, many of these styles are not only central to one's culture  and heritage but also based upon convenience, based upon a way to have  an easier time.   For a long time, and still today, expectations about what hairstyles  are considered appropriate or professional, as the previous speaker  said, have created immense pressure to conform to a beauty standard of  straight hair that requires considerable time, effort, and cost. This  burden falls disproportionately on Black Americans, particularly Black  women and girls.   At the same time, enforcing the standard sends a terrible message to  young people about their belonging in society and can harm their very  self-esteem.   A survey commissioned by the Dove company found that Black women were  80 percent more likely to change their natural hair to fit into an  office setting and 1\1/2\ times more likely to be sent home from the  workplace due to their hair than non-Black women.   For children and teenagers in school, spending time conforming their  hair to a different standard takes away from their time spent doing  homework or getting enough sleep.   I hope I never get so old that I don't remember that I really cared  about: Did I look like the other kids in school, or did I look  different?   I happened to have been really skinny as a kid. I am not too fat  right now, but I was really skinny as a kid, and I was really self- conscious about that. When you are a kid, being self-conscious is  really painful, and you feel put off if somehow you are different.   For children and teenagers in school, spending time conforming their  hair to a different standard takes away from time spent doing homework  and getting enough sleep, but, much more importantly, their  psychological well-being.   This legislation recognizes that natural hair, natural hair, natural  hair--none of us made our nature; it was made for us--should not be a  cause for discrimination or denial of opportunities.   If we treat this discrimination in the same way as we already treat  discrimination based on race--nobody decides the color of their skin.  It is who you are. It is what you have.   As Martin Luther King told us, it is really irrelevant. The content  of character is what is relevant--not the hue of skin, but how I treat  others and how others treat me.   That is what we meant by all men and women are created equal. They  are not created the same. We are different. But it is the character and  conduct that ought to govern how we are accepted and treated.   This is similar to title VI and title VII of the Civil Rights Act of  1964, the Fair Housing Act, and other civil rights laws.   Nationwide protection is necessary so that no one is denied the  simple dignity of being one's authentic self in America while having  access to all opportunities this country offers.   Character and conduct--our military took steps to end hair  discrimination last year, if anybody thinks this isn't a real issue.  Obviously, the military thought it was an issue, and it was an  important enough issue that they took action.    The House passed this legislation in 2020 with bipartisan support.  Frankly, it is disappointing that 188 Republicans opposed this  legislation last week when we brought it to the floor under an  expedited process, under suspension.   This should be something that all of us as Americans, as people who  honor the Declaration of Independence and that statement that  reverberated around the world of a very central premise that is  America: ``We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all,'' and we  said ``men'' because we were limited in our thought pattern at that  point in time. But as we have grown, we have expanded it.   Men and women of all different types and colors and, yes, sexual  orientation are equal. Not the same, but deserving because God has  created them, deserving of our respect and our equal treatment.   I am bringing this bill back to the floor, Madam Speaker, under a  rule so that we can pass it with bipartisan support today. I think it  will be bipartisan. This really ought to have unanimous support since  it is about fairness and nondiscrimination.   I know that some people say, oh, this is going to cause some people  problems because some people are going to claim that you violated my  rights. Yes, that is America. That is why the Constitution says you  have the right to redress grievances.   Yes, it may have some in court, but you can get around it really  quickly: Don't discriminate. Treat people based upon their conduct and  character.   We must act to ensure that everyone can get a job, succeed in school  or at work, find housing, and obtain economic security without facing  discrimination simply because of their hair.   Again, I thank my friend, Bonnie Watson Coleman, for her leadership  on this bill. And I urge my colleagues to make America a little fairer,  a little more hewing to that basic premise of which I just spoke.   Let's pass this bill. Let's make America a little more American.    Will the chairman yield?    Is it not correct, Mr. Chairman, the reason this bill is  on the floor is because Republicans voted against a suspension----    Which could have easily passed to say we are against  discrimination? And because 188 Republicans voted ``no,'' this bill  needed to come forward because, as the chairman has just pointed out,  the law is in doubt because courts have taken different positions. I  thank the chairman for yielding.   