 Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of the people of the Sixth  District of Virginia who are contacting my office right now expressing  their outrage at this failed, do-nothing Democratic majority who has  brought us to the brink of a government shutdown. They are furious,  furious because Democrats control the House, the Senate, the White  House, and still, here we are at the point where we have to keep the  government running, and instead of confronting these crises that are  leading us to this shutdown, this Democratic majority is kicking the  can down the road until after the elections in November.   The American people are furious at a broken, business-as-usual  Washington that refuses to confront the crises. In fact, it exacerbates  the crises created by President Biden and the Democratic majority.   This continuing resolution we are voting on today, once again, makes  clear that the Democrats' business-as-usual Washington must end.   Just look at some of these policies that Democrats have stuffed in  this bill, thrown taxpayer dollars at Biden's wide-open border crisis,  the raging inflation crisis, and the skyrocketing energy crisis.   $57.5 billion for DHS to continue wide-open border and amnesty  policies that have allowed illegal migrants to pour across our southern  border and drug cartels to smuggle deadly fentanyl into our communities  under Secretary Mayorkas' failed leadership.   $10.8 billion for the FBI that the Biden administration has  weaponized against Americans who disagree with its policies, including  parents concerned about their kids in schools.   $12.6 billion for the IRS, on top of the $80 billion that Democrats  just gave to hire 87,000 new agents to spy into the bank accounts of  Americans and conduct more audits on small businesses.   $728 billion to a Department of Defense that is more focused on  promoting the radical left's woke ideology than protecting our national  security here at home and abroad.   $3.8 billion for a Low Income Housing Energy Assistance Program that  pays for the increased energy costs for those that live in anti- fracking States like New York, without addressing the real cause of the  energy crisis, which is the Democrats' socialist Green New Deal agenda.   Americans are hurting and their paychecks are declining in value, but  Democrats continue to fund these out-of-touch policies, and that is why  I am voting ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, Americans are hurting. Their paychecks are  declining in value, but Democrats continue to fund these out-of-touch  policies with billions of taxpayer dollars from hardworking Americans.  That is why I am voting ``no.'' I hope my colleagues will join me.   