 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Cole for  yielding me the time.   Under the Biden-Harris administration, we are seeing crises,  manufactured crises. Let's just look at a few in turn.   We have a manufactured economic crisis. The inflation rate has  increased by 550 percent since January of 2021. Total government  spending during that time has increased over $9 trillion. This is out- of-control spending that is leading to this inflation. It is costing  the average American family $6,000 a year.   Let me just put that in perspective. That would be like going up to a  family and saying, can you give me 1 month's paycheck? Most cannot do  that. The inflation has deprived the average American family of 1  month's pay, and this CR does absolutely nothing to address inflation.  It does nothing to bring the economic crisis to an end.   It just doesn't stop there. Let's talk about the manufactured energy  crisis. The day, literally, day 1 that Biden took office, he declared  war on American energy. He shut down the Keystone Pipeline and, as a  result, American families are paying higher and higher prices at the  pump.   We are going to face record-level energy costs going into this  winter, and yet, this CR does absolutely nothing to address the energy  crisis.   Let's talk about crime. There is a crime wave going on all over  country. Cities across the Nation are witnessing the results of the  defund the police  [[Page H8325]]  movement. Homicide rates across this country have increased roughly 50  percent, compared to this time in 2019.   In my home State of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia has recorded over 400  murders so far this year. Philadelphia is on track to see the highest  homicide rate in recorded history, and it is because of the defund the  police movement. It is because of Democrat rule.   It is not just Philly. Los Angeles, in 2021, L.A. defunded the police  by $150 million. What did they get? Homicide rates went up 23 percent,  yet this CR does nothing to combat the crime wave that we are seeing.  It does nothing to re-fund the police.   Let's talk about fentanyl. In my district, and across the country,  communities are facing the opioid epidemic, and that is a direct result  of fentanyl flooding across our porous southern border.   The devastation is because of Biden's failed policies, the open  border policies that he has instituted. And just don't take my word for  it. The DEA Commissioner said that the open border policies are killing  Americans ``at rates never seen before.''   Yet, this CR does nothing to address the fentanyl issue. It does  nothing. It is because the base of the Democratic Party, the woke  yuppies who stay at home and are on Zoom classes all day view this  issue as a Cracker Barrel problem, something that will never affect  them because they don't shop at Walmart. They drive a hybrid, not a  Chevy Silverado; so that is why we are not seeing urgency on the  fentanyl crisis.   Let me just put it in perspective. Fentanyl overdose leads to about  300 deaths every single day in this country. That is the equivalent of  an airliner going down every single day. If an airliner went down just  once a week in this country, it would be declared an emergency within 2  to 3 weeks.   Yet, we are seeing the same death every single day, and because it is  viewed as a fly-over problem, an issue that is facing people that don't  live on the coast, no one cares about it, and this CR does nothing to  address it.   It is just not fentanyl. Let's talk about the crisis of immigration.  Since Biden took office, over 3.5 million illegal immigrants have been  apprehended at the southern border. This CR does nothing to add  additional border security; nothing for additional infrastructure;  nothing for advanced technology.   For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the rule  and ``no'' on the continuing resolution.   