 Madam Speaker, it is repeated over and  over again that the Second Amendment is not unlimited, it has limits.  No one contends otherwise.   What are the limits? Wouldn't it be nice to hear that in the debate?   The limits as set forth in Heller and McDonald is that it is  improper, and you cannot ban weapons that are ``in common use at the  time.'' You cannot require that firearms in the home be ``rendered and  kept inoperable.''   The Ninth and Fourth Circuits have said that, like other  constitutional rights, all of them, the Second Amendment protections  apply to 18- to 20-year-olds. The dissenting judge in that opinion in  the Fourth Circuit acknowledged that there is ``persuasive evidence of  that.''   This bill bans for 18- to 20-year-old adults guns that are in common  use. It bans for everyone ammo magazines that are in pervasive use. It  requires that weapons be disabled in the home. This one doesn't violate  the Constitution, I admit, but it even criminalizes a neighbor who buys  a gun for self-protection for a victim of domestic violence.   The Democrats say more is coming. They use the terminology ``weapon  of war.'' They intend to ban this class of weapons entirely. You have  made it clear in the House Judiciary Committee.   Ms. JACKSON LEE: Madam Speaker, will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I will not yield. She  has had a lot of time.   Madam Speaker, you made it clear that you will proceed regardless of  what the Second Amendment says. Mr. Jones made it clearer than anyone.  If the filibuster obstructs us, we will abolish it. If the Supreme  Court objects, we will expand it.   Do something, is the mantra. It is probably worth remembering that  that is short for the commonly heard phrase, ``do something, even if it  is wrong.'' The last thing we need is something that is wrong. What is  needed is an answer. You are not pursuing an answer because, frankly,  you are not grappling with the problem.   Could we begin with candor? Are these disasters enough to prompt  candor? Could we have some truth? You have been doing gun control since  1968. Has it worked to your satisfaction? The gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania said earlier: The country is sick. She has misdiagnosed  the problem.   They say it is the guns. Madam Speaker, guns have been prevalent in  the United States of America since before our founding. We did not  suffer the mass shootings. We did not suffer the chaos in the cities  like she described. Why do we have this now?   Chesterton, a British gentleman, came closest, he said: ``The  disintegration of rational society started in the drift from the hearth  and the family; the solution must be a drift back.'' Everybody knows it  is true.   If there is a sickness in the country, it is the product of 60 years  of disintegration of American culture by the liberal project: Assaults  on the family; hostility to God; cheapening life; pervasive expansion  of the welfare state; ridicule for individual and parental  responsibility; Soros DAs ending punishment for crime; delegitimizing,  defunding, and abolishing police.   Behold your handiwork. Stripping Americans of constitutional rights  won't cure what ails us. Not the Second Amendment, not the First  Amendment to which you are hostile, not the Fourth Amendment, not the  Fifth Amendment. Join us to solve the problems you have caused. We can  find answers together.   