 Mr. President, we have begun the long-awaited process of  moving forward on legislation that will bolster our domestic  semiconductor manufacturing and confront the growing threats posed by  China.   This legislation has had many different names over the last year or  so. We started with the Endless Frontier Act in the Senate. Then,  miraculously, it became the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act,  affectionately known as USICA. And then it became the Make it in  America Act. But now it has a new name, the Bipartisan Innovation Act.   Well, regardless of what you call it, it is absolutely critical that  we get a strong version of this legislation to the President's desk as  soon as we can. The Senate passed the original legislation  [[Page S1740]]  last summer with significant bipartisan support. We urged our  colleagues in the House to treat this legislation with the sense of  urgency that it deserved, but they wasted months with no action. To be  charitable, I guess they were preoccupied with other matters.   But it wasn't until last month, just ahead of the President's State  of the Union, that they finally leapt into action. The President, of  course, wanted to talk about this legislation in his speech. So House  Democrats had to cobble together a bill in short order. Unfortunately,  it was a highly partisan one. Their bill passed almost entirely along  party lines, and now, the two Chambers--the House and the Senate--have  a critical task ahead of us to reconcile those two versions. We need to  begin the formal conference committee process, dive into negotiations,  and get that strong bill to the President's desk.   The cornerstone of this effort, as far as I am concerned, is  bolstering our domestic semiconductor manufacturing. Even more  concerning is that 92 percent of the world's most advanced  semiconductors come from one place, and that is Asia. Sixty-three  percent come from Taiwan alone. If that supply chain were cut off, it  would lead to very serious consequences. And, unfortunately, that  potential is not just a doomsday scenario that is farfetched by any  means.   A few months ago, I led a congressional delegation to Asia to learn  more about the need to confront China in a variety of ways in that  region. One of the leaders we met with was the head of the Indo-Pacific  Command, the regional command that covers that part of the globe, and  he described the current power dynamic rather succinctly. He said it is  not a question of if China invades Taiwan but when.   Well, we have one rough idea of when that could potentially happen.  President Xi Jinping himself said he wants to be ready to unify the  People's Republic of China with Taiwan by 2027, just 5 years from now.  But, truth be told, we don't have any idea when President Xi will call  that play. We won't have any more notice for that than we did for  Putin's invading Ukraine.   It is tough to overestimate the impact this would have on the United  States and our allies. And, even absent some military action by the  People's Republic of China seeking to swallow up and absorb Taiwan with  its manufacturing capacity for the semiconductors, if we had another  pandemic, if we had another natural disaster, any one of those three  things could disrupt that critical supply chain, much to our detriment  and that of the rest the world.   We learned one thing in COVID-19, and that is that these supply  chains are very vulnerable. I still remember the first call I had with  my Governor when COVID broke out, and I said: Well, what do you need?  What can we do to help?   He said: I need two things. I need testing, and I need PPE, personal  protective equipment.   Those are gowns and masks used by healthcare professionals and others  to protect themselves when treating people with COVID-19, and the fact  of the matter is, almost all of it is made in China.   This notion of globalization of the economy has led us to believe  that the only thing to think about when it comes to manufacturing a  product is where can it be made the cheapest, but, obviously, there is  more at stake than just who can make it the cheapest. We learned that  in COVID-19--thus the need to bolster our critical supply chains across  a whole range of products, including semiconductors.   Semiconductors are something that most of us don't know a lot about.  I have had to learn a lot myself about it, and I still don't consider  myself an expert. But I asked my staff: Please tell me; how important  is this?   And they said: Well, Senator, everything with an off-and-on switch  involves semiconductors.   And if you think about how technological our lives are and how much  we depend on everything from the sensors in our car to the backup  camera when we back our car out of a parking place, to the laptop  computers that our kids were using during COVID-19 to study virtually-- and then there is farming equipment, communications equipment, and  medical equipment--all of these rely on semiconductors. And 90 percent  of them come from one region of the world, and that is Asia.   The shortages we have experienced recently would seem insignificant  compared to the complete chaos that would ensue if this supply chain  were disrupted. This gets downright dangerous when you think about how  a global chip shortage would impact our national security and, more  broadly, global security.   Russia's attack and invasion of Ukraine is a wake-up call for the  United States and our allies to examine our defense posture across the  planet. One of the bright spots of this, if you can call it that, is  that countries in Europe, including countries like Germany that were  reluctant to contribute 2 percent of their gross domestic product to  the joint collective defense effort of NATO, have turned around and  stepped up. That is a welcomed development. But the fact of the matter  is, our military and our national security depend on access to these  semiconductors because, increasingly, our military depends on  technology to perform their mission.   One advantage that the United States has typically had against our  adversaries around the world is our advanced technology and our  capacity to innovate and to solve problems using that technology. But  here is the bottom line: That technology cannot function without  semiconductors. It is that simple, whether you are talking about  advanced fighters like the fifth-generation fighter, the F-35, or you  are talking about missile defense systems like Iron Dome, which was  used by Israel to defeat the rockets that were raining in on it in  recent months. A single interceptor used by the Iron Dome missile  defense system--rocket defense system--contains more than 750  semiconductors, just a single one.   So semiconductors are our key to confront threats by any adversary,  not just China, and are essential to our economy here in the United  States.   Earlier this week, two national security and foreign policy experts  at the University of Texas wrote an op-ed piece in The Hill magazine-- or newspaper--and they made the national security case for CHIPS  funding. They noted this is not the first time that semiconductor  supply chains were regarded as a matter of national security. Back in  the 1980s, President Reagan pushed to maintain our competitive edge in  these chips, thereby helping us lead in the advanced weapons and  aircraft that they enabled.   As they said, Reagan didn't just outspend the Soviets; we also out- innovated the Soviets, winning that arms race. And that is what we need  to do again today. We can't just rely on our ability to spend more than  Russia or China or any other adversary. We need to out-innovate them as  well.   Considering the fact that China is the No. 1 master thief of  intellectual property, it is all that much more important. Now, there  are some critics of the CHIPS Program that has been introduced by the  Senator from Virginia Mr. Warner and myself. Both of us serve on the  Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. It is one reason why, because  of the briefings we get, this became a matter of grave concern to both  of us. But the good news is that concern is shared by a broad  bipartisan majority in the Senate. There are some, though, who said  that this initiative is just a bailout for domestic energy. But that is  not the case at all. This is not a handout. It is, frankly, one of the  tools we have to reshore--to bring back onshore--this essential  manufacturing capacity, as well as incentivize domestic industry to  build out our capacity here at home.    Here are the numbers. Over the last three decades, the United States  has gone from producing 37 percent of the global chip supply to just 12  percent today--12 percent here in America. The rest of it is in Asia  and in other places around the world. Now, that is a big flashing red  light when it comes to our national security.   Without some Federal incentives, companies cannot afford to invest  the enormous amount of time and capital needed to stand up new chip  fabs or expand existing ones, and that is because it costs about 30  percent more to build these fabs here in America than it does overseas.   But, again, going to the low-cost producer is not the only  consideration  [[Page S1741]]  when it comes to these vulnerable supply chains that are so important  to our economy and our national security. That is why it is absolutely  critical for us to bring this semiconductor manufacturing back home,  and full funding for the CHIPS Program is the best way for us to see  results.   We began to establish this program more than a year ago in the  National Defense Authorization Act, and the only thing missing now is-- well, you guessed it. It is money. We need the appropriations in order  to fund this CHIPS Program that we began to embrace over a year ago in  the National Defense Authorization Act.   That is why it is absolutely critical that we begin the conference  committee process for the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act or  whatever it is called today. I will have to refresh my memory--the  Bipartisan Innovation Act--since it has had so many different names.  But we need to get this done, and we need to get this done now, and we  need to get it done right.   Now, I expect the final bipartisan conference committee report to  look a whole lot like the Senate version. That is because, as I  mentioned a moment ago, the House decided to take the low road and pass  purely a partisan bill. The Senate bill was the product of intense  bipartisan negotiations and represented a good-faith compromise by all  sides.   I think that is the best place for us to begin once the formal  conference committee process is underway. I hope we can work quickly to  reach a final agreement and one that will serve the interests of the  American people, our economy, and, most importantly, our national  security.   I urge all of our colleagues to wade into this process so we can  begin that conference committee and reach a bipartisan resolution  promptly.   This is not a time for us to dawdle or to play politics. It is a time  for us to get the strongest possible bill we can to the President's  desk, and that begins with passing this appropriations portion of this  bill to bring that manufacturing capacity back to America.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   