 Madam President, I was scheduled to come to the floor  today to offer live UCs to bring up two Biden nominees--very important  nominees--to assume diplomatic posts in the Western Hemisphere.   Senator Scott of Florida was scheduled to be here to oppose my UCs  and have a dialogue. The hurricane in Florida has pulled him away, and  so he is unable to be here. I am left with the case where there is an  objection, but the objector can't come for a reason that I understand.  Senator Scott's team has indicated that he will likely be here  tomorrow, and we might be able to repeat this tomorrow.   What I thought I would do, having the floor, is say a little bit  about these two countries and these two nominees because I hope Senator  Scott might watch this or his staff might give him the transcript  because I think, if he does, he will see that they are both highly  qualified individuals. I want to talk about both, but I will not make  the motion at the end of my comments with respect to unanimous consent.   I would say that both Michelle Kwan, who was nominated by President  Biden to be our Ambassador to Belize, and Mari Carmen Aponte, who was  nominated to be our Ambassador to Panama, are both highly qualified  individuals, as I will describe.   But the countries are really important. Belize has not had an  ambassador confirmed for more than 5 years. Panama has not had a  confirmed ambassador for more than 4 years. And, sort  [[Page S5128]]  of, the theme for both of these is, Why punish good behavior? These are  great allies of the United States, both Belize and Panama. They are  both doing some really important work with us right now, and they  deserve to have confirmed ambassadors.   If we won't confirm an ambassador for more than 4 years or more than  5 years, it has a way of sending a message to these countries like:  Wow, we say you are great allies, but we clearly don't value you enough  to have a confirmed ambassador.   Let me talk about Michelle Kwan, the nominee to be our Ambassador in  Belize.   Belize is a critical partner in the Caribbean and Central America.  This is a region of significant distress and instability. But Belize  has been a bright spot in both relative stability and also closeness to  the United States. As I mentioned, no U.S. ambassador has been  confirmed there for more than 5 years. It is a stable democracy in a  region facing significant threats from organized crime, irregular  migration, human trafficking, as well as democratic backsliding in the  region.   We worked hard to deepen our relationship with Prime Minister  Briceno, and bilateral cooperation between the nations are increasing.  Our ability to engage with Belize at this most senior level is crucial  right now.   In particular with Belize, there is something fairly unique about  this country. In this hemisphere that is very important to the United  States, it is also of growing importance to China. We see Beijing  active all over the Americas, often outstripping our efforts to pay  attention to these countries.   Belize has been willing to be a stalwart partner of Taiwan. There are  only 11 nations in the world that recognize Taiwan, and China is going  after each one of them, putting pressure on them to strip away their  recognition of Taiwan.   The United States is encouraging nations that have recognized Taiwan  to continue to do so, but very few are able to hold out against the  Chinese onslaught. Belize has been willing to do this. This is good  behavior. We asked them to do it, and they have.   By leaving this position vacant, even as Beijing aggressively builds  more and more momentum in the region, it is nothing less than  diplomatic malpractice. Having a sitting U.S. ambassador there is of  utmost importance.    Now, how about Michelle Kwan?   Exceptionally qualified to take on this challenge. She has had an  incredibly distinguished career in public service and diplomacy and  especially sports.   She is the most decorated figure skater in U.S. history, having won  43 championships, including 5 world championships, 9 national titles,  and 2 Olympic medals.   Michelle became the first-ever U.S. Public Diplomacy Envoy in 2006,  16 years ago. For the following decade and a half, under Presidents and  Secretaries of State of both parties, she has traveled extensively on  behalf of the State Department all around the world to engage youth and  especially young girls on social and educational issues.   She would be an extraordinary champion for the United States with  this close neighbor, and her global profile will say to Belize: Hey, we  value you because we are sending an accomplished and well-known  athlete, inspiration, and diplomat to be our representative there.   And so I was going to ask today that she be confirmed by unanimous  consent, and I will return, hopefully, to successfully see her advanced  by the Senate into this position.   Now let me talk about Mari Carmen Aponte, who is President Biden's  nominee to be Ambassador to Panama.   First on Panama, Panama is one of our strongest partners in the  Americas. It is a critical ally on a wide range of U.S. priorities.   And, Madam President, you and I remember when we had major problems  with Panama--major problems. It has been a success story of turning an  adversary into a great ally and even partner, and yet Panama has now  been without a U.S. ambassador for more than 4 years.   My friends across the aisle frequently cite migration as a top  foreign policy concern. They have a point.   The Venezuelan refugee crisis is now the second largest displacement  in the world. The size and scope of this crisis and the humanitarian  impact on the region and the Venezuelan people is worsening by the day.  I agree. This issue needs much more attention.   Panama is on the frontline of this crisis. Their border with  Colombia--the Darien Gap on that border is the primary route by which  people migrate from South America, especially Venezuela, north. They  have a crucial role to play in any cohesive regional response.   Panama is also critical to narcotics interdiction efforts and in  promoting democratic values that are increasingly under threat in the  region.   They are also the subject of intense Chinese investment in the Panama  Canal. China has a new Embassy built right on the canal.   We are not competing in a vacuum here. We are competing in a highly  competitive world, where China is making more investments than we are,  and yet Panama still desires to have a very close relationship with the  United States.   And there is more.   Recently, Panama, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, and Ecuador  noticed democratic backsliding in the Americas and announced the  formation of something called the Alliance for Democracy and  Development. They want to band together, four democratic nations, and  be proudly pro-democracy in a region where we see too much backsliding.  They can punch above their weight. They can do work not only within  their own nations but be an influence throughout the region--indeed,  throughout the world. This is something that the United States has  celebrated and recognized.   So, again, why punish bad behavior? If they are doing these things to  help us with migration, if they are stepping forward to be pro- democracy in a region that is backsliding, why wouldn't we want a  confirmed U.S. ambassador?   Let me tell you about Mari Carmen Aponte. She is a Puerto Rican  native. She previously served with distinction as an ambassador to El  Salvador during the Obama administration. She was confirmed in this  body with bipartisan support. She has been the Acting Assistant  Secretary of State for the Western Hemisphere.   It is hard to imagine a more qualified nominee. She will have impact  from the moment she hits the ground. She was nominated for this role in  October of 2021. Her Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing was in  May, and she has been pending consideration by the entire Senate since  June.   Let's get a proven ambassador in the field and put her to work in a  nation that is critical to the United States in the region.   Finally, I will just note, Panama is the home of the Panama Canal. It  is the world's second largest free-trade zone. It has a sophisticated  logistics and financial operations hub. It attracts billions in direct  foreign investment, and we need to be there, again, to counter the  significant Chinese interest in this country.   So, again, I had planned to make a motion on behalf of Mari Carmen  Aponte. In deference to my colleague from Florida and the challenge  there, I will not, but his team has committed to me that they will pay  attention to my description of both the importance of these nations and  the qualifications of these nominees.   I will return in the hopes that we may soon be able to act as the  Senate and forward these highly qualified nominees to the field where  they can do their work as representatives of the United States.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   