 Madam Speaker, I am proud to join with  Speaker Pelosi and my Democratic colleagues in support of the ``America  COMPETES Act''--legislation that holds the promise of preserving  America's place as a global economic leader for generations to come.   Enactment of this comprehensive and strategic package of largely  bipartisan measures would enhance America's competitiveness on the  world economic stage and our security.   This package includes bipartisan legislation advanced by the  Committee on Homeland Security that spurs scientific and technological  innovation and, at the same time, reduces our dependence on foreign  countries by creating incentives for more U.S. manufacturing of  critical goods and technology.   The ``America COMPETES Act'' includes legislation offered by my  colleague on the Homeland Security Committee, Representative Correa,  which passed the House last November. The ``Homeland Procurement Reform  Act,'' or ``HOPR Act,'' requires the Department of Homeland Security  use least one-third of the funds obligated for uniforms or gear, like  vital personal protective equipment, to purchase goods manufactured or  supplied by American small businesses to the maximum extent possible.   These provisions would boost domestic sourcing of vital homeland  security equipment and supplies, create new opportunities for small  businesses, and improve supply chain security.   The vice chair of the Homeland Security Committee, Representative  Torres, has also focused on supply chain security. His ``DHS Software  Supply Chain Risk Management Act'' is included in the homeland security  division of this measure.   This legislation directs DHS to issue Department-wide guidance to  improve visibility into the supply chain for software purchased from  new and existing contractors. As the lead Federal agency for  cybersecurity, it is important that DHS lead by example in aggressively  protecting its own networks.   Similarly, Representative Guest's ``Unmanned Aerial Security Act''  ensures the integrity of DHS data by preventing DHS from operating,  financing, or procuring unmanned aircraft systems that are manufactured  in certain foreign countries that are identified as foreign adversaries  by the intelligence community.   Finally, the homeland security division of this measure also includes  Representative McEachin's ``Department of Homeland Security Mentor- Protege Program Act,'' which would help build and sustain a reliable  pool of small business vendors that could compete for DHS contracts.  This program encourages big businesses to help small businesses build  their capacity to compete for government contracts, which is incredibly  important for woman-, veteran-, and minority-owned firms.   The ``America COMPETES Act'' strengthens our economy, creates good  jobs--including good union jobs--and delivers for American families.   Madam Speaker, I congratulate my dear friend, Representative Eddie  Bernice Johnson, the chair of the Science, Space, and Technology  Committee for shepherding this complex bill through the legislative  process. I am so pleased we are acting expeditiously on this measure  and look forward to working with my partners here and in the Senate to  turbo-charge our economy by getting this package signed into law.   