 Mr. President, like many of my constituents in New  Mexico, I am a gun owner. I have a sincerely held respect of law- abiding gun ownership.   Many of my own most cherished memories involve the responsible use of  a firearm to feed my family and to forge memories with my sons and my  closest friends. But those same sons grew up doing active shooter  drills in their classrooms, something that would have been absolutely  unimaginable when I was their age. And just this spring, my son's high  school was on lockdown when I arrived, due to a nearby shooting that  actually involved students from that high school. That type of  experience has become all too common in our country.   The gun violence our communities are experiencing is appalling, and  it is unacceptable. It is evident from the unthinkable mass shootings  that we have witnessed in Uvalde and Buffalo and Tulsa and Vestavia  Hills and El Paso. And it is evident in the mounting number of gun  homicide and gun suicides that have taken tens of thousands of lives  each year.   My home State of New Mexico continues to struggle with one of the  highest rates of gun deaths in the country; and in recent years, far  too many New Mexicans have lost friends and family members to this  epidemic of violence.   I personally refuse to accept the idea that we are so divided in this  country that we can't do something to make this situation better. That  is why I join my good friend Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut and a  number of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to try and chart a  meaningful path forward. Over these past weeks, we have engaged in  challenging but productive conversations. We found areas of agreement  on real solutions that we can and we will pass here in the U.S. Senate.   Our bipartisan negotiations and the legislation that they have  produced prove that we can work together in this body. And they show  that when we set aside the vicious politics that have held us back for  too long on this particular issue, we can actually create policies that  save lives.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act includes Federal resources to  help States and Tribes implement crisis intervention programs.   New Mexico passed a law to establish one of these programs just last  year. The goal was to ensure that deadly weapons were kept out of the  hands of those that a court, with due process, determined to be a  significant danger to themselves or others. But as of last month, New  Mexico had only used our law nine times, primarily due to a lack of  funding and resources and training.   Just last month, on Mother's Day, New Mexico tragically lost two  teens, shot and killed by a man who very likely could have had his  firearm removed using New Mexico's crisis intervention law.   The alleged suspect had been issued a temporary restraining order at  the request of his former girlfriend and the mother of one of the  victims. The restraining order showed that he was in possession of two  firearms. Unfortunately, the local sheriff's office failed to recognize  the threat that he posed and didn't use our State's law to remove the  firearms that he used to take the lives of two young New Mexicans.   If we can provide our law enforcement officers and courts the funding  and training they need to make crisis intervention laws effective, we  can protect our communities and ensure that future lives are not lost.  The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act will help us do just that.   Our legislation also enhances the review process for firearms buyers  under 21 years of age. This new process will require an investigative  period to review criminal and mental health records, including checks  with State databases and local law enforcement.    Over the last 4 years, six of the nine deadliest mass shootings were  by people who were 21 or younger. The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act  ensures we respond to this deadly trend in a meaningful way.   Our legislation also makes clear who the Federal firearm licensing  requirements apply to, leading to more firearm sales that require a  background check.   We are finally making sure that convicted domestic violence abusers  and individuals subject to domestic violence restraining orders are  included in the Federal background check database, whether or not the  abuser is married to the victim. That has long been a major failure in  Federal law, and it has allowed dangerous abusers, who are dating but  not married to their partners but whom we know pose a violent threat,  to acquire deadly weapons. This provision alone will save an enormous  number of lives.   Our legislation will also make historic investments in community  behavioral health and school-based mental health services, and it will  increase access to behavioral health services through telehealth.   The bill will help support school violence prevention efforts and  provide training to school personnel and students so that they can  recognize the signs that so often precede some of these violent  shootings events.   Over the course of our negotiations, I worked especially hard on a  few key provisions with my colleague from Maine, Senator Susan Collins.  Our provisions will crack down on straw purchasing and trafficking of  firearms. These provisions will directly reduce gun violence in our  home States and internationally. Let me take a moment to explain how.  [[Page S3106]]    Under current law, it is a minor paperwork offense to buy a gun for  someone else. And even then, that only applies if you buy the gun from  a Federal firearm licensee. Under the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act,  we are making it a serious crime to buy a gun for someone else when you  know that person will use the gun to commit a felony or that they are  not allowed to buy a gun themselves. That applies whether you buy the  gun from a Federal firearm licensee or not.   The consequences of this simple change will be real. It will keep  deadly weapons out of the hands of people who would use them to hurt  others, and it will level serious consequences for those who break the  law.   Just last year, a New Mexico State Police officer was tragically  killed during a traffic stop in Deming, NM. Officer Darrion Jarrott was  shot and killed by a convicted felon whose wife had allegedly purchased  the gun for him. She is now being prosecuted under the paperwork  offense that is currently on the books. But under the Bipartisan Safer  Communities Act, she would be facing more severe and deserved  consequences for her role in the death of a State police officer.   This legislation will also stop the type of organized straw  purchasing and trafficking that we have seen too often in New Mexico  and elsewhere. Right now, law enforcement has to watch as an organized  chain of straw purchases happen one after another, intended to protect  the person most at fault--the mastermind of the operation--by keeping  them far removed from the purchase that happens at an FFL, at a Federal  firearm licensee.   Our law enforcement watched this happen, but they can only go after  the person who walked into the FFL and made the very first of that  series of straw purchases--that is usually the person least involved in  the scheme. But that is about to change. Soon, these ringleaders won't  be able to distance themselves from the law anymore.   With our new straw purchase provision, law enforcement will be able  to go after every link in the illegal chain of purchases to take down  the entire ring, not just the vulnerable individuals these rings  sometimes rely on to make the initial purchase.   There is more. While trafficking firearms into the United States is a  major Federal crime under existing law, trafficking firearms out of the  United States has not been. For years, this has meant that firearms  trafficked out of the United States are the primary supply of guns used  to commit violent crimes in Mexico, in El Salvador, in Honduras, and in  Guatemala.   It has also invited dangerous firearm trafficking into communities on  both sides of our Nation's southern and northern borders. We saw this  in my home State about a decade ago when a major firearms trafficking  ring was uncovered in Columbus, NM. This trafficking operation involved  the chief of police, the mayor, a village trustee, and an estimated 190  firearms, including large numbers of handguns and assault rifles. And  the crime they were charged with? Lying on their paperwork.   Not anymore. The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act takes this violence  on with the severity that it deserves. It gives law enforcement the  tools they need to stop this activity and the violence it directly and  indirectly creates in our communities and within our borders. By taking  on the violence that families are fleeing in their home countries-- violence that our inadequate gun laws have actually contributed to--we  are also taking meaningful action to address a root cause behind so  many refugees coming to our country.   Now, I fully recognize that the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act is a  compromise. Many of the parents and students who have raised their  voices to demand action on gun violence would like us to go further.  But progress has to start somewhere. The hardest part of every  negotiation is letting go of the perfect for the possible, and I am  confident that the legislation we are voting on will make a real  difference in reducing gun violence--a difference that will be measured  in lives. It will boost public safety, it will invest in mental health,  and it will keep more firearms out of the hands of those who would use  them against their communities.   The painful truth is that we can never bring back those precious  children whose lives were cut short in Uvalde, TX; in Parkland, FL; in  Newtown, CT; or Aztec High School, West Mesa High School, Deming Middle  School, and Washington Middle School in my State. We can never offer  enough words to heal the grieving families all across the country who  have lost their sons and daughters and their brothers and sisters and  their fathers and mothers to gun violence. But what we can do by voting  to pass this legislation in the Senate is to honor their memory--not  just with condolences and hopes and prayers but with concrete action.   I would encourage all of my colleagues to support the Bipartisan  Safer Communities Act. Each life that we save by passing this  legislation will mean literally everything to that person's loved ones,  and that is what this is all about.   