 Mr. President, I rise and thank my colleague from Hawaii  for stating plainly the qualifications of these candidates.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have had a chance to  review their qualifications. And as the father of a U.S. marine, I  agree wholeheartedly with the Senator's contention that these three  positions would be very important to fill at a time when the United  States has so many security challenges.   Anticipating a productive dialogue with my colleague from Missouri, I  would like to ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 779, 780, 781; that the  Senate vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening action or  debate; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in  the Record; and that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, if my colleague from Missouri would yield  for a series of questions, I want to make sure that I understand the  objection. I certainly understand the objection as indicated with  respect to seeking accountability for Afghanistan. I understand that  point.   Is it correct that in the committee, however, you supported each of  the three nominations who are proffered on the floor today?    I will yield for a response, yes.    My question was: I believe, in the Armed Services  Committee, these three individuals, you supported their nominations for  reporting to the floor. And I just want to make sure that I am accurate  about that.    On all three?    Is it the Senator's position today that you do not object  to them individually but there are other Members of your caucus who  individually object to them?    I will rephrase the question.   Do you object to having a vote on them? So, for example, I can modify  the motion to suggest to seek unanimous consent that we schedule a vote  on these three nominees instead of trying to move them en bloc.    I would be very happy to amend my motion to that, if you  would find that acceptable.    Then let me ask one final question. If we are able to  clear the objections of others, would you agree--at a time that is  convenient for the floor leaders of each party--to a recorded vote on  the three nominees, if we were able to clear the objections with your  other colleagues?    Yes, move to a final passage vote, on which you would be  able to express your views on each of these nominees.    I yield the floor.   