 Madam President, the Senate gavels back into session to  consider more Federal judges, continue working to fund the government,  and to find a path forward to protect marriage equality and other  critical issues.   Later this afternoon, the Senate will vote on the confirmation of  Judge Salvador Mendoza to serve a lifetime appointment on the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals. The child of Mexican immigrant farmworkers,  Mr. Mendoza was the first Latino judge to ever serve in the Eastern  District of Washington.   And if confirmed today, he would be the first Latino from the State  of Washington ever to sit on the Ninth Circuit. In 2014, the Senate  confirmed Mr. Mendoza with an overwhelming bipartisan vote, 92 to 4.  Today, it should be no different.   If confirmed, Judge Mendoza's elevation will be significant for  another reason. He would be the 80th, the 80th--8-0--judicial  nomination confirmed under President Biden. That is more judges  confirmed under President Biden than were confirmed by this point under  President Trump, President Obama, and President Bush. It is something  we Democrats are very proud of because the impact of these judges will  last for years, if not decades.   And we are by no means done. After Judge Mendoza is confirmed, we  will turn to the nomination of Arianna Freeman to serve as circuit  judge for  [[Page S4528]]  the Third Circuit. She would be the fourth circuit judge nominee we  would consider since the beginning of this work period.   Let me say that again. We are going to begin considering the fourth  circuit court nominee since we returned from the August State work  period. I said judges would be a priority, and this is what that looks  like.   And it is my intention, as majority leader, to keep the Senate  focused on judges this week and beyond. Our fundamental rights and our  democracy itself depend on it.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 1032.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum call for the cloture motion filed today, September 12, be  waived.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   