 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1396, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3843) to promote antitrust enforcement and protect  competition through adjusting premerger filing fees, and increasing  antitrust enforcement resources, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 3843.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3843 is bicameral, bipartisan legislation that  consists of three distinct titles, each of which would make modest, but  important improvements to modernize our antitrust system and to help  protect competition.   Title I of the bill updates the filing fees that merging parties pay  to the Federal antitrust enforcers that review their transactions.  These fees have not been updated in two decades, which has left these  agencies in desperate need of more resources to complete their  increasingly heavy workload.   This bill raises the fees that parties pay for large transactions and  lowers the fee that parties pay for small- and medium-sized  transactions, which ensures that larger deals pay their fair share.   Critically, this legislation raises revenue to support necessary  antitrust enforcement while also saving taxpayers $1.4 billion over the  next 5 years.   Title II of the bill requires merging parties to notify the antitrust  agencies if they are subsidized by countries or entities that are  strategic or economic threats to the United States.   This notification requirement gives the agencies immediate access to  the information they need to assess the full competitive consequences  of subsidized transactions and enables them to better protect U.S.  economic interests when they review proposed mergers.   Title III of this legislation ensures that States do not have to  waste precious time and taxpayer dollars when they litigate antitrust  suits in Federal courts. It does this by exempting State enforcement of  the Federal antitrust laws from the often time-consuming and costly  multidistrict litigation process. Federal antitrust enforcement  agencies are already exempt from this process, and the bill simply puts  State antitrust enforcement on equal footing with the Federal  Government.   Each element of this legislation enjoys bicameral, bipartisan  support. Titles I and II have already passed the House as part of the  America COMPETES Act, and title III passed the Senate by unanimous  consent.   Together, they would help ensure that our antitrust agencies have the  resources they need to protect competition, would provide important  disclosures about foreign economic adversaries, and would strengthen  State enforcement of our antitrust laws.   I thank Mr. Neguse for sponsoring this important package of  bipartisan legislation. I also thank Mr. Cicilline and Mr. Buck, the  chair and ranking member of the Antitrust Subcommittee, for their  leadership on these bills and on competition issues generally.   I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Speaker, I must confess I am a little puzzled at  some of the remarks of Mr. Johnson. He says the FTC sics the FBI on  parents or whatever. The FTC has no jurisdiction over the FBI and has  nothing to do with them. The FTC is part of--never mind.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island  (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to see that Mr. McClintock's argument  is against all antitrust laws. Consumers make choices, so what do you  need antitrust laws for is essentially what he is saying.   Companies buy other companies not just for good reasons. They buy  other companies to reduce the competition, and thereby enable them to  charge higher monopolistic prices. That is why we have antitrust laws.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jones), a member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I agree with Mr. Issa. We should never have  passed the Sherman Act to deal with those newfangled railroads.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Buck).    Mr. Speaker, we do know how the money is going to be  spent. It is going to be spent on antitrust enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Stanton), a member of the Committee on the Judiciary.    Mr. Speaker, when I listen to Mr. Gohmert and Mr. Jordan,  I am really amazed that every single Republican Senator voted for this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time each side has remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Rhode Island an  additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I find it amazing that the gentleman from Ohio would  argue we shouldn't give appropriations to the Department of Justice.  Congress votes appropriations for every department, and if you think  the Department of Justice is not being run properly, well, there is a  Presidential election coming up. That is the purpose of elections.   At the present time, the American people 2 years ago elected Joe  Biden President and Kamala Harris Vice President, and the President  appointed the Secretary of Justice and the chairman of the FTC, both of  whom I think are doing an excellent job. But it is a matter of debate  which can be decided in the next Presidential election.   To argue that we should starve agencies of the United States  Government so that they cannot do the job for which Congress passed  statutes mandating them to do the job is absurd.   All that the increase in fees does is update, because the last  increase of fees was I don't know how many years ago, and there has  been inflation. We need the enforcement against the large Big Tech  companies because, as Mr. Jordan already earlier acknowledged, they  represent a threat. I think he thinks they represent a different threat  from the one I think they represent, but everybody agrees they  represent a threat and that their power must be properly supervised by  proper enforcement of the antitrust laws.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Neguse), who is a member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, this bicameral and bipartisan legislation  is supported by a broad coalition of labor, consumer, and public  interest groups.   As the Biden-Harris administration noted in its Statement of  Administration Policy on this bill, H.R. 3843 would advance its  ``critical mission'' to ``combat the excessive concentration of  industry, the abuses of market power, and the harmful effects of  monopoly and monopsony.''   Every single United States Senator--every Democrat, every  Republican--agrees with this. It is only in this House that there are  some people who, for unfathomable reasons, disagree.   Madam Speaker, this bill is squarely in the tradition of the Sherman  Act, the Clayton Act, and the Celler-Kefauver Act, and it should be  passed.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support this important  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   Ms. JACKSON LEE, Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3843, the  ``Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act of 2021,'' a bill to ensure fair  treatment of small- and medium-sized businesses that are engaged in a  merger.   This bill enhances fairness by incentivizing mergers between small  and medium-sized enterprises while simultaneously disincentivizing  monopolization from larger corporations.   Small and medium-sized enterprises, also known as SMEs, are integral  to the U.S. economy. According to the Office of the United States Trade  Representative, over the past decade, SMEs have created approximately  two-thirds of new private sector jobs, greatly expanding the job market  and providing new financial opportunities for hardworking families and  individuals.   However, current merger filing fees have impeded businesses that are  looking to merge because steep fees may be unaffordable for these SMEs.   Meanwhile, large corporations benefit from disproportionately smaller  merging fees that enable them to dominate marketplaces by absorbing  smaller companies.'   This bill intends to modify and expand the schedule by establishing  graduated merger filing fees and requiring that such fees are adjusted  each year based on the Consumer Price Index.   To ensure a fair market for the public, the Merger Filing Fee  Modernization Act of 2021 adjusts the fees made during the merger  process based on the aggregate total amount of the merger, considering  the adjusted price at the beginning of the fiscal year.   The Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act of 2021 intends to directly  solve this issue by amending the aggregate total brackets utilized to  determine the filing fee of the merger, where larger aggregate totals  incur greater fees.   This legislation would amend the merger fees by decreasing them from  $45,000 to $30,000 for the first bracket. The criteria to qualify for  this bracket are also adjusted. The bracket qualification has been  increased to include aggregate total amounts of up to $161,500,000 from  the previous value of $100,000,000.   Similar adjustments are made to the next two brackets, decreasing the  meger fee for companies in the second bracket from $125,000 to $100,000  and decreasing the fee of the third, and formerly highest, bracket from  $280,000 to $250,000.   Finally, the bill will add a fourth, fifth, and sixth bracket for the  largest companies which have aggregate total amounts that exceed  $1,000,000,000, $2,000,000,000, and $5,000,000,000 respectively. In  this way, larger mergers are less incentivized as they must pay a  larger fee than before.   According to Texas Economic Development, the state of Texas is home  to 3 million small businesses. Texas is home to diverse and numerous  small businesses committed to technological discovery and economic  stimulation, ranging from scientific development to agriculture and  forestry.   Allowing SMEs to thrive without the extra pressures of merger fees is  integral to safeguarding the economic freedoms these businesses need in  order to grow and compete against large corporations who seek to  dominate and monopolize the marketplace.   Overall, these changes accomplish two goals in promoting a fair  marketplace for small- and medium-sized companies.   First, the adjusted merger fee has been decreased for smaller firms,  and the qualifying aggregate total has been increased, which encourages  mergers among medium-sized companies. By decreasing the fees required  for mergers, medium-sized businesses will have more financial resources  to reallocate towards developing their workforce, acquiring needed  materials, and reinvesting.   Second, this bill hopes to discourage mergers between larger  businesses by establishing larger brackets such that businesses whose  aggregate total accounting for more than $1,000,000,000,  $2,000,000,000, and $5,000,000,000 will not be grouped together. These  businesses will be required to pay a larger fee, ideally discouraging  monopoly formations.   Additionally, this bill seeks to provide oversight of foreign  transactions that may potentially influence the U.S. market. Merging  companies must disclose any subsidies received from foreign economic  competitors.   The Merger Filing Fee Act of 2021 promotes mergers between medium- sized businesses by adjusting the fee for merging based on the 2022  fiscal year, while also disincentivizing larger-sized businesses from  forming monopolies by creating higher brackets with greater fees.   A fair marketplace can be fostered through the implementation of this  bill, encouraging small and medium-sized businesses to look for growth  opportunities and mitigate extra pressures added by foreign economic  imbalances.   Madam Speaker, I urge my fellow Congressmembers to support this bill  dedicated to ensuring a fair marketplace for ambitious and innovative  American companies by eliminating cost hurdles and establishing  fairness in relation to large corporations.   