 Madam President, I am pleased to join my colleagues in  talking about the tax-and-spend bill that is being put forward by our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   I rise today to discuss the harmful economic consequences that this  tax-and-spend bill will have on American families.   Americans are facing soaring inflation that we haven't seen in  generations. In June, the Consumer Price Index was up 9.1 percent from  a year earlier. The price increases families are seeing at the grocery  store, at the gas pump, and for basic housing needs have far outpaced  wage gains and left Americans struggling to make ends meet.   The news last week that our GDP shrank for a second consecutive  quarter is only further evidence of this administration's failed  economic policies.   Now, my colleagues across the aisle are doubling down on their failed  approach, proposing to increase taxes on nearly every single hard- working American by $750 billion and spending nearly $370 billion on a  Green New Deal policy.   And, again, don't just take my word for it. Analysis by the Joint  Committee on Taxation shows this bill will increase taxes on millions  of Americans across every income bracket, with more than half of the  tax increase impacting Americans making less than $400,000 a year.  [[Page S4017]]    Next year alone, the bill will increase taxes by $16.7 billion on  American taxpayers earning less than $200,000--a clear violation of  President Biden's promise to not increase taxes on Americans earning  less than $400,000 a year.   Further, the Joint Tax analysis also shows that the corporate tax  increases in this bill would overwhelmingly hurt U.S. manufacturers-- U.S. manufacturers--with nearly 50 percent of the corporate tax  increase hitting the manufacturing industry.   Manufacturers are already struggling with inflation, supply chain  disruptions, and an impending recession. This tax increase would  undermine U.S. manufacturing investment in critical research and  development and in emerging technologies. And it will also result in  higher costs for American families.   Think about that young couple starting out. They have to buy a  refrigerator, a couch, furniture--all of these different things. They  are going to pay higher prices. I mean, that tax is going to impact  them on the manufactured goods they need, regardless of their income or  their ability to pay. That is increasing inflation in this country. And  inflation is the cruelest tax because it hits low-income people the  hardest.   Not only that, the bill, as I say, will actually increase inflation.  Analysis by economists at Penn Wharton at the University of  Pennsylvania, the Federal Reserve, Moody's Analytics, and the CBO all  show that it will not reduce inflation.   When you look at things like the tax on, not just manufacturing but  other companies that produce oil and gas, here we are fighting with the  highest prices we have seen at the pump in years that people pay every  time they pull up to fill up their car. And now with increased taxes,  that is going to exacerbate the cost of fuel at the pump. It is going  to impact the price of groceries at the grocery store at a time when we  are not only fighting inflation but we are fighting economic  stagnation--stagflation, something we haven't had in this country since  the late seventies and the early eighties.   Economists at the nonprofit Tax Foundation projected this bill will  reduce long-term economic output, reduce average wages, and eliminate  30,000 full-time jobs. Let me repeat that. Economists at the nonprofit  Tax Foundation have projected that this legislation will reduce long- run economic output, reduce average wages, and eliminate 30,000 full- time jobs in this country.   Rather than tightening our fiscal belt and reducing spending,  Democrats are continuing down the same old path that has led to record- high inflation and our economy on the verge of recession.   Increasing taxes and more Federal spending will not reduce inflation.  It will not create jobs. It will not lower gas prices, which are still  about 60 percent higher than they were just a year ago.   Instead, we should be empowering our domestic energy producers,  restoring our energy independence, reducing our reliance on foreign oil  imports, and creating more jobs here at home--not eliminating 30,000  jobs, creating more jobs. Less spending, less taxation, less regulation  gets this economy growing. This bill does just the opposite.   Democrats are proposing new energy taxes and Green New Deal-style  subsidies that will only worsen our current energy crisis and weaken  our Nation's economic and our energy security. And energy security is  national security.   As part of the $370 billion in spending on Green New Deal subsidies,  this bill includes: $51 billion to extend and modify the production tax  credit to subsidize the already profitable wind, solar, and geothermal  industries; $27 billion to establish a greenhouse gas reduction fund to  deploy low-carbon technologies in disadvantaged communities; $3 billion  for a neighborhood equity, safety, and affordable transportation  program; $3 billion for environmental and climate justice block grants.   Further, the bill includes new taxes on natural gas and increased  fees and royalty rates for oil and gas produced on Federal lands, which  will only result in higher costs for American families at the pump, at  the gas station, or their utility bills, and higher prices for goods  across the board because all of those goods have to be transported to  the grocery store. And now you are going to pay higher transportation  costs, and that is going to be reflected in the food prices. So you  don't just see it at the pump at the gas station when you are filling  your car, you see it at the grocery store.   And with this tax on manufacturers, you are going to see it on all  the manufactured goods as well. Low-income people are going to be  paying those higher prices, more inflation. That means the tax gets  them.    Gas prices are already $2.25 higher a gallon than when President  Biden took office. Diesel prices are even higher--nearly $2.81 per  gallon more than in January of 2021.   In short, look, we need to unleash our domestic energy production,  not ask for help from OPEC or Venezuela. We need to unleash our oil and  gas resources in States like my home State or the Presiding Officer's  home State. We can produce a lot more oil and gas in this country, and  we have the best environmental standards.   That is how you bring the price down at the pump: more supply, not  higher taxes; more supply, not taxes that will drive prices up and  reduce supply when we still have increased demand. That is why we have  the inflation in the first place.   The Biden administration policies are creating the inflation and now  the stagflation, and this legislation will make it worse. It is going  down the same path.   We need to unleash our domestic energy production. We need to get our  debt and deficit under control. We need to work on behalf of farmers,  ranchers, the ag supply chain to continue to produce the highest  quality and the lowest cost food supply in the world. We need to  unleash our energy resources.   Those are the things that will increase supply, reduce inflation, and  get our economy going so we don't have a recession or stagnation. Those  are the things that benefit all American consumers, all American  workers, regardless of their income level. This bill does none of those  things. This bill makes the problem worse, and it should be rejected.   I yield the floor.   