 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the Pregnant  Workers Fairness Act, which is a bill I first introduced in 2012 with  Senator Shaheen of New Hampshire.   Senator Cassidy from Louisiana has worked hard for years with me and  with others to get this bill passed. I want to thank Senator Cassidy,  as well as the chair of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions,  Committee, Senator Murray; Ranking Member Burr of that same committee;  and Majority Leader Schumer and others for all the work they have done  to help us pass this bill.   This is a commonsense bill that has broad bipartisan, bicameral  support. Everyone from the ACLU to the U.S. Conference of Catholic  Bishops, to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports this legislation.  These organizations didn't merely endorse the bill after reviewing it;  they were actively involved in shaping the legislative text and finding  agreement on the text that we are attempting to vote on, and they  remain supportive today.   The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act simply closes a loophole in the  1978 Pregnancy Discrimination Act to allow pregnant workers to request  reasonable accommodations--``reasonable accommodations''; you are going  to hear that phrase a lot today--so that that worker can continue  working safely during their pregnancy and upon returning to work after  childbirth.   I am going to be coming back to that phrase in a moment, ``reasonable  accommodations,'' but I want to cite just two examples among many. Just  one from Pennsylvania--Janasia, a teaching assistant working at a  childcare facility. She is from Bucks County, PA, in suburban  Philadelphia. She suffered a miscarriage due to an infection during a  previous pregnancy. When she got pregnant again, she asked for extra  bathroom breaks, which were necessary to prevent contracting another  infection. She was made to wait over an hour just to use the bathroom.  Later that day, Janasia was fired.   This is just one example of a pregnant worker asking for a simple-- simple--commonsense accommodation and being denied that accommodation.   What are other types of reasonable accommodations that pregnant  workers might request? Light duty is a common example. Pregnant people  are routinely advised by their doctors to limit how much they lift,  whether it is 20 pounds or 25 pounds or 30 pounds.   Peggy Young was a UPS driver who requested light duty when she was  pregnant. Other workers had received light duty, but she was denied  because there was no requirement under the 1978 Pregnancy  Discrimination Act to provide reasonable accommodations. That is the  loophole we are trying to fix. Peggy Young was forced onto unpaid leave  and eventually took her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.   Other common accommodations a pregnant worker might request are  stools or water bottles. Cashiers and other retail workers are often  denied these reasonable accommodations that can help them maintain a  healthy pregnancy.   There have also been multiple cases where pregnant workers have been  demoted or forced into lower paying jobs because their employer refused  to provide uniforms that can accommodate  [[Page S7049]]  the worker's pregnancy even though the pregnancy did not affect the  worker's ability to perform essential job functions.   These are all examples of simple changes employers can provide to a  pregnant worker's job duties or requirements that would not  substantially inconvenience the employer, while allowing pregnant  workers to continue working through their pregnancies. Yet, all too  often, pregnant workers are being denied these reasonable  accommodations, leading to impossible choices for these workers.   Keep working in an unsafe environment. Is that a good choice? Taking  leave early and running out before the baby is born? Or, No. 3, be let  go or forced to quit and face the stress and financial strain that  comes with losing their job.   There is no need for this to happen. The Pregnant Workers Fairness  Act sets up a simple framework that is easily understood and utilized  by both employers and employees.   Under the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a pregnant employee may  request reasonable accommodations from their employer. The worker and  the employer will then engage in an interactive process to determine  how the employer can provide these reasonable accommodations to the  worker. This protects both parties. The worker may not be forced to  accept accommodations that are not needed and that do not address the  original concern. The employer cannot be asked to provide an  accommodation that would cause an undue burden on that employer.    If this process sounds familiar, that is because we have carefully  crafted it to closely resemble the process under the Americans with  Disabilities Act. The ADA is 30 years old--lots of case law in those  years, testing and probing and examining this reasonable accommodations  standard. So we have 30 years of evidence that reasonable  accommodations is a way to protect workers who have a disability in the  workplace, and it is also a great way to protect a pregnant worker.  Reasonable accommodations.   Mr. President, at this time I will yield to my colleague, the Chair  of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Pensions, and Labor.    Mr. President, I just want to add parenthetically before I  offer the unanimous consent request--Senator Murray made reference to  the overwhelming support. This bill, when it comes to a final vote,  will have at least 60 votes in the Senate, if not more. I think it will  be more than that.   But we should also note the passage in the House that Senator Murray  made reference to, better than 3-to-1, 315 to 101, more than 75 percent  of House Members support it--obviously bipartisan.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation  with the Republican leader, that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 425, S. 4431; further, that there be up  to 2 hours of debate equally divided between the two leaders or their  designees, and that the only amendments in order be No. 1, Lee, and No.  2, Braun; further, that upon the use or yielding back of time, the  Senate vote on the amendments in the order listed with a 60 affirmative  vote threshold required for adoption; and that following the  disposition of the amendments, the bill be read a third time and the  Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with a 60  vote affirmative threshold required for passage without further  intervening action or debate. Finally, that there be 2 minutes of  debate, equally divided, prior to each vote.     I yield to my colleague from Louisiana.  [[Page S7050]]     Just by way of conclusion, I hope we can continue to work  with our colleagues to get this bill passed.   I want to say for the record, however, that under the act, under the  Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, the Equal Opportunity Employment  Commission, the EEOC, could not--could not--issue any regulation that  requires abortion leave, nor does the act permit the EEOC to require  employers to provide abortions in violation of State law.   The EEOC understands that what is reasonable is specific to each  workplace. For example, if the accommodation conflicts with a generally  accepted work rule, like a seniority system, that is generally not  reasonable.   So for these and other reasons, we want to get this bill passed and  not have to start all over again to delay the passage of the Pregnant  Workers Fairness Act.   I yield the floor.   