 Thank you very much, Senator Brown. And I see in the Chair  another strong supporter of Social Security, the distinguished Senator  from Massachusetts.   And for colleagues who aren't aware, Senator Brown is our chair of  the Subcommittee on Social Security in the Senate Finance Committee.  This is a crucial subcommittee for all the reasons that Senator Brown  just mentioned, and I am just going to make a couple of points, and if  my colleague is still on the floor, maybe we can have a little bit of a  colloquy.    Thank you.   What Senator Brown has illustrated again is the differences between  the two parties on Social Security and Medicare, and my colleague was  kind enough to go back to my past as codirector of the Oregon Gray  Panthers.   Ever since those days, the difference between the two parties has  been that on our side of the aisle, we are very blunt when we get asked  about Social Security and Medicare. As Senator Brown just said, on our  side, we make it clear that Social Security and Medicare are a  guarantee. They are not a voucher. They are not something that is going  to be thrown to the private market. They are a guarantee.   What we hear from our colleagues on the other side is sort of a word  salad, but it nearly always involves a statement about how much they  want to protect Social Security, but then we hear a lot about  privatization, about portability, about investment.   It is anything but what you just heard Senator Brown say; that  Medicare and Social Security are not something to be privatized; they  are about a guarantee.   And we should make no mistake about it, seniors, others who are  eligible for the programs have earned these benefits. They have earned  these benefits.   And yet, somehow, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle and  candidates don't get what the programs are really all about.   For example, not long ago, I saw a Republican Senate candidate out  West say in a primary forum: Congress ought to ``privatize Social  Security and just get the government out of it.''   ``Just get the government out of it.''   Now, apparently, he is the nominee, and he is for protecting Social  Security. He swears up and down he is for protecting Social Security-- huge about-face.   I heard another westerner asked on live TV about his thoughts on  Social Security. And he said nothing about a guarantee. He said: We  ought to look at portability issues and individual accounts and benefit  cuts are on the menu.   Again, this is kind of Washington lingo, Washington code for  unraveling the guarantee that is Social Security and Medicare that I  learned about in those days when I was codirector of the Oregon Gray  Panthers.   And Americans don't want their elected representatives to cut this  crucial set of programs that are earned benefits. And they certainly  don't want their elected officials and candidates to talk out of both  sides of their mouth.   Now, I mentioned this question of westerners and where westerners  stand, but apparently this opposition to these core principles of  Social Security doesn't just reside in the West. It seems to spread  across the country. Senator Rick Scott has proposed ending, again, the  guarantees of these bedrock programs--Social Security and Medicare--and  just sunsetting them after just a few years--sunsetting them.    So as I would say to my colleague, who has worked with me on a lot of  these issues, let's just unpack that for a minute. We believe that  Social Security and Medicare are guaranteed. They are not subject to  these annual, political kind of battles and pushed and prodded for  political advantage. They are guaranteed. But yet, after quoting those  in the West who want to come join us, now we have a southerner in a  position of great importance who wants to sunset programs like Social  [[Page S5044]]  Security and Medicare after just a few years and, in effect, throw them  to the winds to see what kind of politics might be put in place.   I don't believe that is acceptable. Senator Brown, the chair of our  subcommittee, doesn't believe that is acceptable. Social Security is  among the most foundational principles in our country's history,  providing financial security through guaranteed benefits for millions  of Americans. Over 70 million Americans receive Social Security and  Supplemental Security Income every year.    I would be happy to and, particularly, so you can tell  everybody again why you feel so strongly.    Yes. What ``sunset'' means is you would unravel the basic  principles of Social Security and Medicare. We don't subject them to  annual or regular political fights. We have said that people have  earned those benefits, and we aren't just going to set arbitrary dates  and say we are going to, in effect, move on and we will decide what  happens to seniors and the disabled based on the politics of the  moment.   It is a 180-degree departure from the kind of guarantee that you  spelled out that I feel so strongly about. We don't say we are just  going to have these arbitrary changes that could put at risk the entire  program.    My colleague from Ohio is being way too logical because,  you bet, what this essentially means is if you sunset it, the program  and the benefits are not going to continue as they have. As you said,  if people decide because of some particular kind of flurry at the  moment that for some cause they don't want to continue it, the well- being and security of seniors is jeopardized.    You have stated it well. It would mean that when you  sunset it, you would have to have a brand-new fight to reestablish its  primacy as a guarantee. You sunset it.    Nope, no question about it, and it would put in jeopardy  fundamental core principles that seniors all across the country--in  Ohio and Oregon and Massachusetts--have been able to count on. When you  sunset it, you say you can't count on it. You have to wait for another  political battle.    And I would just say to my colleagues--showing how extreme the  position is of our colleague from Florida, Senator Scott--that Senator  Orrin Hatch, the late Senator Hatch who worked with us, when he was in  the Senate said: We will update the Medicare guarantee to start  covering chronic care. This is something the Senator from Massachusetts  has worked with me on, home care for seniors. So Senator Orrin Hatch,  our late colleague and my personal friend, who was not exactly a  liberal, he understood what you and I are talking about: that Medicare  and Social Security are a guarantee. And when we talked about chronic  care, he said: We are going to update the Medicare guarantee--nothing  about saying: Well, gee, maybe we will do something after we sunset it.  So my colleague has said it well.    He hasn't talked about it, but I think that would  certainly be one of the questions our constituents would ask about,  because this issue of there being a double standard between seniors at  home and their elected officials would be very real. He hasn't spelled  out how he would deal with that, but there is certainly the question of  elected officials, because we have these retirement benefits that have  been part, again, of a program that has been established for some time.  They haven't been talked about.   But I will tell you, I think the chair of the Social Security  Subcommittee and myself on the Finance Committee, we are going to go  out there and say: No double standard.   You can be sure of that. If something is sunsetted for working people  and seniors and the disabled, we are certainly not going to let Senator  Scott pretend that somehow it is business as usual for elected  officials.   Mr. President, I think Senator Brown started us off very well, and he  is asking questions that I think millions of Americans are going to  ask. My understanding is that my colleague from Ohio, the chairman of  the subcommittee, is going to be looking at a lot of these issues in  his subcommittee. But certainly this last point, about politicians  talking out of both sides of their mouth and saying somehow that we are  going to have a program sunsetted for seniors and the disabled--Social  Security, Medicare and others--but we are not going to even talk about  what happens for elected officials is an example of how you shouldn't  legislate. It is an example of what I believe could be a double  standard.   And I will just close, unless Senator Brown wants to. In fact, I am  going to let Senator Brown do it. I thought, as I listened to Senator  Brown, and I put it in the context of all these years with the Gray  Panthers, that everybody can understand what Senator Brown is talking  about. Medicare and Social Security are a guarantee--period--inviolate,  as a result of the history that we have had in this country where  people worked so hard for this.   On the other side, we are talking about privatization, we are talking  about portability, and we are talking about lots of new cost analyses  in the private sector and individualized programs. I am for  individualized programs on top of Social Security, not in place of it.   So I really appreciate your resolution, Senator Brown, and I am going  to do everything I can to support it.   