 Mr. President, I would like to welcome you and all of my  colleagues back from the August work period. I hope everyone had the  chance to travel across their States, meet with their constituents,  listen to their concerns, and share all the major accomplishments the  Senate secured over the last few months.   Indeed, the Senate gavels back into session after a season of immense  productivity. When Democrats assumed the majority in 2021, I promised  we would leave no stone unturned in tackling the biggest challenges  facing our country. Twenty months later, Democrats have delivered on  our promises.   We promised to lower costs for the American people in the wake of  crippling inflation; so we passed the Inflation Reduction Act to reduce  energy costs, reduce healthcare costs, and expand tax breaks for  working and middle Americans.   We also promised to take on Big Pharma and lower prescription drug  costs, so we passed historic legislation to lower insulin costs for  seniors on Medicare, cap out-of-pocket expenses, and empowered Medicare  to finally be able to negotiate drug prices--this for the first time  ever; long sought after by many Congresses; accomplished by this one.   We promised to take on entrenched oil interests and get tough on  climate change, and so we passed the largest clean energy package  ever--by a long margin, by the way.   Thanks to our work, Americans will see their energy bills go down,  their savings go up, all while we create millions of new, good-paying  jobs and finally dealt with climate change in a very significant and  real way.   We also promised to bring manufacturing jobs back to America and get  tough on adversaries like the Chinese Communist Party, so we passed the  CHIPS and Science Act, the largest investment in manufacturing jobs and  science research since the aftermath of World War II.   Of course, we promised to take on the NRA, as the Presiding Officer  well knows, and protect our kids from gun violence, so we passed the  first gun safety bill since the Brady law 30 years ago, which I was  proud to author when I was a Member of Congress.   Now, none of these accomplishments were easy. They demanded immense  patience and persistence above all. But for anyone who thought  Washington  [[Page S4418]]  was broken and couldn't do big things, this Democratic majority has  shown that real change is possible. The results speak for themselves.  Jobs across the country remain up. Americans are going back to work.  Our supply chains are healing. In fact, freight rates on ocean trade  channels have dropped by 60 percent since January. As gas prices  continue their 2-month drop, we are seeing evidence that inflation  might be starting to ease up.   Of course, the work isn't done. As we begin this short work period,  we have several high-priority items that demand our immediate  attention. Before this work period concludes, the Senate must come  together to pass a continuing resolution to extend government funding  beyond the September 30 deadline.   Last week, the administration sent us a request for a number of  funding items they would like us to work on--aid to Ukraine, pandemic  relief, and other items.   This process, of course, needs to be bipartisan. Democrats are going  to work in good faith to avoid even a hint of a shutdown, and it is my  expectation that our Republican colleagues will do the same.   We will also work this month to confirm even more of President  Biden's judicial nominees. Later today, the Senate is scheduled to vote  to advance the nomination of Judge John Lee to serve as a circuit court  judge for the Seventh Circuit. If confirmed, Judge Lee would make  history as the first Asian-American judge to sit on the Seventh  Circuit, joining the proud company of other Biden nominees who are  making our courts fairer and more representative of our great country.   A graduate of Harvard and Harvard Law School, Judge Lee was  unanimously confirmed by this Chamber a decade ago to serve as a  district judge. In his time on the bench, he has proven himself to be  impartial, fairminded, and committed to the rule of law.   Judge Lee will be the first of many judicial nominees whom we will  advance this month and beyond because now more than ever, the Senate  must make judicial confirmations a top priority.   We have a lot of work to do in the Senate to keep improving the lives  of the American people, so in the coming weeks, let us continue with  the same vigor, the same determination, the same persistence that has  made this one of the most productive Senate sessions the Senate has  seen in a long, long time.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider calendar No. 1043.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 986.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, September  6, be waived.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4791, which is at the  desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 462, S. 3662.    I further ask unanimous consent that the committee- reported substitute be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 441, S. 958.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Wednesday, September 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Lee nomination, postcloture; further, that the  Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly  caucus meetings and that at 2:15 p.m. all postcloture time on the Lee  nomination be considered expired; finally, that if any nominations are  confirmed during Wednesday's session, the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Portman.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   