 Madam President, in a few moments, the Senate will vote  on the confirmation of Mary Boyle to be a Commissioner of the Consumer  Product Safety Commission, CPSC. It appears that the Democratic leader,  Senator Schumer, finally has the votes lined up for confirmation of Ms.  Boyle and that she will be elevated to this position. I think this is a  decision that Members of the Democratic Party and the administration  will come to regret and Americans, in general, will come to regret.   Recently, the Commerce Committee failed to report Ms. Boyle's  nomination favorably. All Democrats voted aye; all Republicans voted  no.   I think Members should understand this. CPSC plays a vital role in  ensuring the safety of American consumers. For this reason, I have  significant concerns about major administrative failures at the agency  during Ms. Boyle's tenure as Executive Director there, including the  improper disclosure of unredacted manufacturer and consumer data.   An investigation I led as chairman of the Commerce Committee last  Congress determined that the unauthorized release of this data, which  violated section 6(b) of the Consumer Product Safety Act, was the  result of insufficient training, ineffective management, and poor  information technology implementation.   All of these failings at the CPSC were under Mary Boyle's watch as  the primary career official charged with the day-to-day administration  of the Agency's business, and yet today we are being asked to elevate  her to an even more important and responsible position at CPSC.   I am also deeply troubled by the CPSC's curtailing of port  inspections for several months beginning with the pandemic and Ms.  Boyle's involvement in this decision. In addition, she presided over  the deficient and prolonged process of fully returning CPSC staff to  work at these ports. So the inspections were not getting done. There  are now hundreds, if not thousands, of unsafe products that entered the  country under Ms. Boyle's watch, and we still lack a clear plan from  the CPSC on how those dangerous products will be removed from the  market.   This nominee has failed to demonstrate strong and effective  leadership in her current position as executive director of the CPSC.  Yet the administration and, apparently, the majority leader of the  Senate are inexplicably trying to promote her to a higher position of  trust and authority.   In light of these many problems at the Agency associated with Ms.  Boyle's leadership, I think her confirmation will be a mistake, and I  think my Democratic colleagues and the administration will come to  regret this decision.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   