 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, as the former chairman of the House Committee on  Veterans' Affairs and the prime author of 14 major laws to assist  veterans, including the Homeless Veterans Comprehensive Assistance Act  and several healthcare laws as well, I have always deeply respected and  strongly supported the unique mission of VA healthcare.   Comprised of 172 medical centers and over 1,100 outpatient clinics,  the VA operates the largest integrated healthcare network in the entire  world. VA medical personnel--371,000 professionals and support staff-- are absolutely committed to healing, nurturing, and rehabilitating.   So it is beyond disappointing that President Biden issued an illegal  rule--I was here when section 106 of the Veterans Healthcare Act of  1992 was enacted, and it couldn't have been clearer--to turn the  lifesaving, life-enhancing mission of the VA into new venues for  abortion on demand.   And the word health--Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton couldn't have made  it more clear, and Doe v. Bolton with the companion opinion issued by  the Supreme Court, they defined health. They used the World Health  Organization's definition, and it is everything including any kind of  mental stress. So it is completely wide-open, abortion-on-demand  language. It is not rape, incest, and life of the mother. Health is  included in Biden's rule.   The new Biden VA abortion rule authorizes and forces taxpayers to  fund the violent death of unborn baby girls and baby boys by what?   By beheading, dismemberment, forced expulsion from the womb, deadly  poisons, and other methods at any time until birth.   Abortion, Madam Speaker, is not healthcare unless one construes the  precious life of an unborn child to be analogous to a tumor to be  excised or a disease to be vanquished.   For decades, Madam Speaker, abortion advocates have gone to  extraordinary lengths to ignore, trivialize, and cover up the battered  baby victim. But today, thanks to ultrasound, unborn babies are more  visible than ever before. Today, science informs us that birth is an  event--albeit an important one--but it is not the beginning of life.  Modern science and medicine today treats unborn children with  disability or disease as a patient in need of diagnosis and treatment,  not death by abortion.   Unborn babies are society's youngest patients and deserve benign,  life-affirming medical interventions and not medicines that kill. The  weakest and most vulnerable unborn babies deserve our respect, empathy,  protection, and love.   The legislation before us today will be used to promote the VA's new  abortion-on-demand mission.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose it, and, hopefully, we  will see a change in the policy sometime in the near future that  President Biden has issued.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  the bicameral, bipartisan Global Food Security Reauthorization Act of  2022. I especially want to thank my good friend and colleague, Betty  McCollum, for her authorship of this important legislation that will  help so many.   Today's vote on global food security will show that we can come  together to advance the good. For the Global Food Security Act is a  model of cooperation, from the collaboration between Congresswoman  McCollum and I on previous iterations, which began back in 2014 when I  first introduced it, and the House passed the legislation.   Madam Speaker, like PEPFAR, the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS  Relief, our food security policy is a remarkably effective, relatively  low-cost lifesaving, life-enhancing initiative, championed by both  Republican and Democrat administrations.   Indeed, we are fortunate that President Bush, beginning in 2002, had  the initial foresight to elevate the important role of food security in  U.S. foreign policy, especially in Africa, via the Initiative to End  Hunger in Africa, or the IEHA, which was funded through development  assistance and implemented through USAID. The objective was to help  meet the nutritional needs of millions and to elevate self-sufficiency  over dependency.   At the same time, the Millennium Challenge Corporation began making  substantial investments in ag-led economic growth programs,  particularly in Africa. The food price crisis of 2007-2008 accelerated  and underscored the need for robust food security policy.   President Obama, in 2009, announced further enhancements to our food  security strategy at the G8 summit in Italy, and this became known as  the Feed the Future initiative.   Our emphasis on ag-led economic development and food security self- sufficiency continued through the Trump administration and now into the  Biden administration.   Madam Speaker, last week a World Food Programme and Food and  Agriculture Organization, WFP and FAO, report said the world faces its  ``largest food crisis in modern history.''   The report sounds the alarm: 2022, as they put it, is a ``year of  unprecedented hunger.''   ``As many as 828 million people go to bed hungry every night, the  number of those facing acute food insecurity has soared from 135  million to 345 million since 2019. A total of 50 million people in 45  countries are teetering on the edge of famine.''   ``Conflict,'' they point out, ``is still the biggest driver of  hunger, with 60 percent of the world's hungry living in areas afflicted  by war and violence. Events unfolding in Ukraine are further proof of  how conflict feeds hunger, forcing people out of their homes, and  wiping out their sources of income.''  [[Page H8198]]    As we all know, the weakest and most vulnerable are dying, and many,  many more are at risk of death while millions more are made susceptible  to opportunistic diseases while many children continue to suffer from  stunting. Many, however, are rallying to mitigate this suffering.   As my good friend and colleague from Minnesota pointed out, many of  the organizations that have done so much for so long are doing even  more now to make sure that we get to the point where people are food  secure. And, of course, that includes the secular groups and the faith- based groups all working in tandem for this noble goal.   One of the objectives of the Global Food Security Act was to take a  whole-of-government approach, led by USAID, in promoting food security.  In conducting oversight hearings with regard to its implementation,  however, we found that there were several places where a whole-of- agency approach, let alone a whole-of-government approach was lacking.   One area that needed attention was to make sure that our nutrition  efforts were firing on all cylinders. While the original bill, law, and  subsequent reauthorization placed great emphasis on reducing stunting-- and I have seen it all over Africa, as have Betty and many others. You  go to Nigeria, and stunting is endemic to this moment. That can all be  alleviated through the right kind of nutritional interventions,  including the first 1,000 days of life, from conception to the second  birthday, with nutrition that helps both mother and baby.   We have seen pictures of children with distended bellies caused by  worms that rob them of needed nutrients. I chaired several hearings on  worms, horrible things to see, growing in little kids, causing them to  die, but certainly to be very sick in most cases.   USAID, when it came to deworming, often had a more stovepiped  approach to it, while this legislation integrates the whole idea of  deworming with the food security so that we don't feed the worms, we  feed the future, and we feed these wonderful children and all those who  are at risk.   We also have put in and continue the integration of water,  sanitation, and hygiene, or WASH programming, which is also  extraordinarily effective.   This is a great bill. I hope it gets total support of this body.  Again, I thank Betty. I look forward to this vote and enactment into  law.    Madam Speaker, I thank Vicky Hartzler for  authoring this very important and extraordinarily timely resolution.   Under Xi Jinping, the Chinese Communist Party is waging war against  all faiths: Christians, Falun Gong, Tibetan Buddhists, Muslims,  Uyghurs. He is actually committing genocide against the Uyghurs and has  been doing it for some time now.   Thankfully, this Congress has spoken out before, particularly on the  Uyghurs, but we need to speak out again on the Christians who are  suffering, the most persecuted group in all of China.   Let me say, too, that in calling for sanctions, we have sanctions,  Madam Speaker. The Global Magnitsky Act and other sanctions are in  place for the violation of the Religious Freedom Act of 1998, and the  sanctioning could occur there as a CPC country, a country of particular  concern.   I believe we need to do more to hold individuals and, collectively,  the Chinese Communist Party to account. That goes for all. That goes  for Trump when he was in office. It goes for President Biden now.   We should have done more. We need to do more now because it is all- out war on religion.   I wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post in 1998. I titled it ``The  world must stand against China's war on religion'' and noted that the  sinicization, making all faiths comport to Xi Jinping's horrible,  nightmarish vision for that country, needs to be incorporated. Whole  texts, the Bible texts and sacred scriptures of all faiths, are being  rewritten in order to comport, again, with his socialist ideology.   In 1994, after Tiananmen Square, I went to China. I went there many  times--barred from going now. I know Bishop Shu of Baoding Province.  Here was a man who spent years being tortured, being deprived of food,  but especially being tortured because there were terrible usages of  cattle prods and all the other terrible things that they do in Chinese  prisons, Laogai.   I couldn't believe when he looked me in the eyes and said: I pray for  my persecutors.   I mean, we all get a little mad when we get a bad editorial or  something politically. Here is a man saying he has endured all this,  and he prays for the people of China and for his persecutors.   I held a hearing as co-chairman of the Tom Lantos Human Rights  Commission, asking Xi Jinping, just this Congress: Where is Bishop Shu?   He disappeared. He may have passed away due to the mistreatment, but  that is what they do, as well. People all of a sudden just disappear.  Numbers of Christians and other believers just go off the face of the  Earth.   This resolution couldn't be more timely. The Chinese Communist Party  is getting worse by the hour. Xi Jinping may get reelected by his peers  to a third term as dictator. Our hope is that the Chinese Communist  Party will realize they bring gross dishonor to China by their gross  misbehavior.   Thankfully, the U.N. High Commissioner, as we all know, just released  a report calling out China for its genocide. They called it crimes  against humanity. That is good. Hopefully, the U.N. Human Rights  Council will take this up, as well.   We need to do sanctioning, and we need to do it now.   