 Madam Speaker, I would agree with my friend from  Pennsylvania. I appreciate him having this time on the floor, and I  appreciate my colleagues for coming down.   The State of Texas is on the front lines under siege, the communities  that I represent, dealing with the scourge of open borders, the dangers  that are provided by cartels, and the illegal elements that come across  the border on a daily basis--and this body does nothing about it.   This week we are going to entertain legislation that will do nothing  to combat China. Nothing to stop China from continuing to run rampant  around the world, violating human rights, undermining our national  security. We are going to put together a nonsense bill that is a Green  New Deal agenda, a pacify and appease China bill. We should be saying  what the woman from Texas said to the coach of the Miracle on Ice  hockey team: Beat those Commie bastards.   That is what we ought to be saying. That is what we ought to be  doing. But no, no, no, here we sit doing nothing. But you know what we  are doing, we are sleeping while our border is wide open. But worse  than that, the Biden administration and Secretary Mayorkas are taking  purposeful steps to open our border, disregard the law, and to fail to  faithfully execute the laws of the United States. Our country is in  danger and Americans are dying.   Americans are dying specifically because of the actions of the  Secretary of Homeland Security. That is what is actually occurring. We  have fence rusting in fields in Texas. We have contracts that aren't  being paid. In fact, we are paying people not to work--not to build the  fences.   We are not using migrant protection protocols. We are not using Title  42. We are releasing people into the United States against Federal law.  We are not doing anything to actually secure the border and, therefore,  the Secretary of Homeland Security should be impeached for it.   I will make one final point. Jen Psaki, the White House press  secretary, stood at a podium and laughed about our commentary about the  borders being open and our streets being unsafe. She lied. She lied  about Border Patrol agents whipping migrants. It was purposeful and it  was done to divide our Nation by race, the same kind of division that  has the President of the United States choosing the race and the sex of  the Supreme Court justice. This is the same man who blocked Janice  Rogers Brown, blocked a Black woman Supreme Court justice. He blocked  an Hispanic Miguel Estrada because he was Hispanic and because he is  not the right kind of Hispanic.   That is the truth. That is the truth of a President and an  administration that wants to divide our county by race, they want to  lie about our Border Patrol agents, and they don't want to do a dang  thing about it.     Madam Speaker, I am glad the gentleman from Pennsylvania  asked the question. It stands nowhere. They are not giving us any  report. They said it would be a couple weeks away. I can tell you why.  Because the report will demonstrate there was no whipping. It was a  lie.   They owe an apology to those Border Patrol agents who are being  abused on the front lines, having guns fired at them, dealing with  COVID. No apology.    Amen. Amen.    Madam Speaker, no. And the President should apologize for  that and the President should apologize to every parent of a dead  American kid who takes Xanax and dies with it laced with fentanyl  because we have open borders--and the Secretary knows it.    Madam Speaker, the Border Patrol was saying: What are we  doing? We are doing nothing. That is what the Border Patrol is saying.  But my colleagues on the other side of the aisle wouldn't know that  because they never have hearings inviting the people on the front lines  to talk, and actually hold the Secretary accountable.   