 Well, Mr. President, let me start with the obvious. I have  always looked up to Pat Leahy.   (Laughter.)   But we all know and we have all heard what an extraordinary  legislator and public servant he has been for 48 years. But the most  impressive and the most enduring aspect of Pat Leahy is that he is a  gentleman of decency and dignity and selfless dedication to this  Nation, and in doing that he has inspired and sustained all of us who  have known him and who have had that privilege.   His legislation has been extraordinary. He has filled every moment of  [[Page S7801]]  his service dedicated to helping the American people, helping those who  need a chance, and helping particularly the people of Vermont and  globally, reaching out to project from this country our best values and  to transform those values into action across the globe.   He helped lead the effort to create and fund the Bulletproof Vest  Partnership Grant Act, which now bears his name, allowing police  departments to purchase over 1.5 million bulletproof vests and saving  thousands of lives over the last two decades.   He authored the Innocence Protection Act, which ensures that law  enforcement officials have the DNA testing tools to find and convict  criminals, while improving access to DNA testing for the wrongly  convicted. At the heart of what he has done and what he does every day  is justice.   He has been a champion for the Second Chance Act, which helps  individuals returning from incarceration to transition successfully  into society.   As chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he shepherded the critical  reauthorization for the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   As Pat commented, when he arrived here there were no women in the  Senate. There are now, fortunately, many of our colleagues who are  women, but there is one gentleman who understood what this country had  to do to ensure that women receive all the rights and opportunities  that they deserve.   As chairman of the Agriculture Committee, he helped New England  agriculture significantly, promoting small local farms and organic  crops. He championed important agriculture conservation programs,  including the Forest Legacy Program.   And in his own backyard, as many have said, he has done more to  protect Lake Champlain than Champlain.   He is an extraordinary gentleman.   He has translated his local values, his concern for average people,  and his innate sense of justice, as I mentioned before, to the  international arena. He has worked across the world to safeguard human  rights and human dignity. He fought to enact the Leahy Law, which  requires the United States to withhold assistance to agencies of  foreign governments that violate the human rights of their own people.   He has worked to repair the damage of the Vietnam war, the hazardous  legacy of Agent Orange and landmines. Indeed, he has worked tirelessly  to ban the use, stockpiling, and production of antipersonnel landmines  around the world and worked to support demining operations in former  war zones.   He has also been at the center in efforts to improve relations with  Cuba. As a new Senator in 1990, it was my privilege to travel with  Senator Leahy as one of the first trips in an effort to engage that  nation. Of course, I acted as translator, and we had an extremely  successful trip, I must add.   Now as the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee,  Chairman Leahy led the efforts to get us out of the Budget Control Act  and back on a path of much more astute and smarter investment for the  Nation in the future. He fought to put back into Congress the power of  the earmark, with the sense that individual Senators and Members of  Congress know just as well--in fact, better--the needs of their  district or State than a Washington administrator.   Well, let me conclude with the obvious too. Pat Leahy is OK, but  Marcelle is great.   (Laughter.)   There has never been a more remarkable combination of friendship and  love and commitment, which is manifested every time we see them and  that, too, inspires us all.   So we will miss you, Pat and Marcelle, but you have left us with so  much, and you have given us so much that we will carry on for you.  Thank you.   I yield the floor.   