 Madam Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 6865,  the Don Young Coast Guard Reauthorization Act of 2022.   I'd like to first acknowledge the sudden passing of Don Young, the  Dean of the House, and the former Chairman of the Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure. I extend my condolences to his wife  and family, and also to his staff. I had the pleasure of working with  him on the Carson/Young bill, to create the National Center for the  Advancement of Aviation, which is a bipartisan and a bicameral bill to  improve aviation, which is so important to both of our states, Alaska  and Indiana. It's only fitting that today's Coast Guard bill is now  named in Congressman Young's memory.   Chairman DeFazio, I commend your leadership, and your collaboration  on this Coast Guard bill, with Ranking Member Graves, Coast Guard  Subcommittee Chair Carbajal and Ranking Member Gibbs. I am pleased to  join our committee colleagues in supporting the Coast Guard  Reauthorization Act because it will increase maritime safety and  efficiency.   Chairman DeFazio, I am especially grateful to you for working with me  over several years to develop the language that will finally address  the persistent problems with unsafe vessels, and including my Duck Boat  Safety Improvement Act in today's Coast Guard Reauthorization.   My Duck Boat Safety requirements, in Title III, Section 305, will  finally implement safety regulations for amphibious passenger vessels,  particularly those known as Duck Boats. These safety recommendations  were made by federal agencies to address repeated problems associated  with Duck Boats that have resulted in many injuries and fatalities that  may have been prevented.   I became much more aware of these problems when my constituents in  Indianapolis, the Coleman family, were involved in a horrible Duck Boat  accident on July 19, 2018 in Branson, Missouri. Tia Coleman was one of  only two survivors from her family of 11, losing her husband Glenn and  her children Reece (nine years old), Evan (seven years old), and Arya  (one year old). Tia's 13-year-old nephew, Donovan, was the other  surviving family member, losing his mother Angela, his younger brother  Maxwell (two years old), his uncles Ervin (76 years old) and Butch (70  years old), and his aunt Belinda (69 years old). Boarding a Duck Boat  on Table Rock Lake started out as a fun outing for family members, but  it turned into an unspeakable tragedy when the boat capsized and sank.  Seventeen of the 31 passengers on board were killed.   The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and U.S. Coast Guard  have separately investigated the incident and the last few aspects of  the investigation should be completed soon.   But Congress should not wait to act. We know from past incidents that  more can and should be done to make these vessels safer. Since 1999,  more than 40 people have died in Duck Boats accidents, the vast  majority of them from drowning when the vessel sinks. The NTSB in 2002  issued recommendations to improve the safety of these vessels in  flooding or sinking situations but little has been done to implement  those measures.   Duck Boats are hybrid vehicles that can travel on roadways and  waterways, so the safety measures must be updated for both land and  waterborne operations.   The Duck Boat Safety Improvement Act will require vessel operators to  implement common-sense boating safety measures, including:   Improving reserve buoyancy and watertight compartmentalization to  prevent sinking,   Requiring more monitoring and adherence to severe weather alerts and  warnings,   Requiring release of road safety seatbelts when Duck Boats become  waterborne,   Requiring stronger crew safety training and certification,   Removing or reconfigure canopies and window coverings for waterborne  operations,   Requiring personal flotation devices for waterborne operations,  [[Page H3925]]    Requiring installation of better bilge pumps and alarms,   Installing underwater LED lights that activate automatically in  emergencies, and   Complying with other Coast Guard boating safety requirements.   These basic safety requirements will help save lives and prevent  future tragedies.   I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting today's bill to make  commonsense corrections to the persistent safety problems facing duck  boats. If we act today, we can help ensure that no other family has to  suffer the kind of tragedy faced by my constituents on Table Rock Lake.  I urge the House to support this bill.   