 Mr. Speaker, I thank my cosponsor for his work on this,  and I can't tell you how thrilled I am to see this bill come to the  House floor for consideration.   As a former Army bomb tech, I know how critical it is for our  military to be adequately equipped on the front lines to dispose of  explosive threats. This is all the more true on our home front, where  the public safety continues to be threatened by terrorists and other  bad actors who consistently use bombs and explosive hazards to advance  their agenda.   But it should not take a tragedy to enact sensible change and to  continue to equip our homeland security officials with the tools they  need to mitigate bombing incidents and to protect the critical  infrastructure of our Nation and the lives of our citizens.   The Office for Bombing Prevention, or OBP, was created in response to  terrorism events, both at home and abroad, including the bombing of a  Pan Am flight over Lockerbie, Scotland, in 1988; the World Trade Center  in 1993; Oklahoma City in 1995; a Madrid train in 2004; London in 2005;  the Boston Marathon in 2013; and Nashville on Christmas Day in 2020.    OBP leads the Department of Homeland Security's efforts to implement  the National Policy for Countering Improvised Explosive Devices and  enhances the Nation's ability to prevent, protect against, respond to,  and mitigate the use of explosives against critical infrastructure, the  private sector, and Federal, State, local, Tribal, and territorial  entities.   Currently, the OBP sits underneath the jurisdiction of the  Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, or CISA. However, our  recent history has proven that OBP needs a bit of promotion in order to  adequately inform the Secretary of Homeland Security on ongoing threats  and to keep the general public out of harm's way.   I say recent history because, unfortunately, our Nation has not been  safe from threats, most of which, thankfully, never led to serious  injury, destruction, or death. The 2010 Times Square car bombing  attempt, the IEDs left outside the RNC and DCCC on January 6, 2021, and  over 50 reported bomb threats between January and February of this year  targeted disproportionately at HBCUs, Black churches, mosques, and  synagogues.   It is our responsibility as Members of Congress to lead and address  these unacceptable threats while simultaneously reducing the amount of  threats designed to instill fear in the public. I applaud my colleagues  for responding to these events seriously and appropriately, and I have  full confidence the OBP will have the tools necessary to carry out this  mission.   Our bill authorizes OBP and directs the office to develop a strategy  for further securing critical infrastructure against terrorist  explosive threats and attacks and to evaluate effective technologies to  defend against them. Further, OBP will be required to promote security  awareness of risks posed by the misuse of explosive precursor  chemicals, bomb-making materials, providing technical assistance to the  public and private sectors to support security preparedness, assist  other agencies with information sharing and responding to various  threats, and working with relevant stakeholder interests in bettering  this overall effort.   It has come to my attention that in response to the bomb threats at  our HBCUs, the OBP led a briefing with 150 leaders on training  opportunities and engaged with educational stakeholders about accessing  OBP's counter-IED capability development programs, information,  training, and tools. This kind of responsiveness to a dire situation  only strengthens my confidence that the men and women at OBP are ready  and informed to respond to ongoing bomb threats and prevent further  incidents and potential devastation.   We should be proud, as Americans, to feel a sense of security each  and every day. Security and strength are what brings us together and  the foundation for what we fight for. Unfortunately, we live the  reality that anyone can be a threat to this security and strength, even  when we least expect it, from our grocery stores, to our places of  worship, to our schools. We must continue to fight and ensure that  Americans live free from fear of the malicious use of explosives and  from the threat of a terrorist's agenda. Our citizens should feel and  remain secure at their jobs, their schools, and, most importantly,  around their families. That is my mission as a Member of Congress; that  will be the mission of the Office for Bombing Prevention, and that is  why I support H.R. 6873.   I thank my co-lead, Representative Malinowski, one more time, as well  as  [[Page H4982]]  Representative Katko for his leadership on the Homeland Security  Committee, and for meeting with me to discuss my priorities for bombing  prevention from our service branches to the domestic front.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   