 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.  Prohibiting employers from Federal contracts for violations of the  National Labor Relations Act, NLRA, circumvents longstanding compliance  procedures and would have a significant impact on Federal contractors.   The prohibition duplicates existing safeguards in the Federal  contracting process that already has a system in place to deny Federal  contracts to companies that break the law. This flawed blacklisting  amendment will threaten Federal contractors' due process rights because  a Federal contractor could be prohibited from DOD contracts before a  charge has been fully adjudicated.   An employer can be found to have violated the NLRA by an  administrative law judge, but the employer has the right to appeal that  decision to the National Labor Relations Board. Employers also have the  right to appeal NLRB decisions to the U.S. Court of Appeals.   It is unfair and unjust to bar employers from Federal contracts  before they have exhausted all remedies of relief.   This amendment also provides unfair special treatment to employers  with employees who are represented by a union. The amendment  prohibitions can be waived if the employees of an employer are  represented by a union, giving unionized Federal contractors a  significant advantage over non-union firms in the Federal procurement  process.   These prohibitions will encourage frivolous NLRA complaints and  provide  [[Page H6230]]  labor unions leverage to organize non-Federal union contractors. The  Federal procurement process works best when the bidding process is open  and fair and not dependent on whether the Federal contractor is  unionized.   Mr. Speaker, this is in the best interest of taxpayers, and I urge my  colleagues to reject this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment has one goal: to eliminate all nonunion  contractors from DOD contracts. It does not represent the modern  workforce. The modern workforce is not interested in jurisdictional  rules. They are interested in incentives to get the job done on time  and on budget. It achieves this goal by favoring employers who want to  do business with the DOD that sign neutrality agreements or already  have collective bargaining agreements with labor unions.   These so-called neutrality agreements are anything but neutral. They  stifle employee free choice and prohibit employers from communicating  with their employees about the downsides of union representation.   Mr. Speaker, can you imagine an employer not being able to talk with  their employees?   One common provision in a neutrality agreement takes away a worker's  right to a secret ballot in an election. That is guaranteed in our  elections and allows unions to organize under the radical card check  scheme that exposes workers to well-documented instances of harassment  and intimidation. Even the U.S. Supreme Court describes card check is  an admittedly inferior election process.   Another provision in neutrality agreements places gag orders on  employer speech that prohibits them from informing their employees  about the impact that unionization can have on the workplace and their  income.   This amendment could also put workers' private information at risk.  Many neutrality agreements require employers to provide union access to  employees' personal information including home address, phone numbers,  and email addresses for the purpose of pressuring employees to sign  U.N. authorization cards.   Workers should be able to freely choose for themselves whether they  want a union through a secret ballot election. Instead, this amendment  encourages employers to work with labor unions to impose union  representation on workers. It is not the American way.   Hardworking taxpayers deserve efficient and effective procurement  policies, not rules that provide preferential treatment to special  interest groups like labor unions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment.   