 Madam Speaker, today, at least on one question, Americans  are more united than ever before. This week, as we mark the 1-year mark  of the Biden Presidency, the vast majority of the American people agree  that the Biden Presidency has been a failure.   After 1 year in office, President Biden's approval rating is the  lowest ever recorded after the first year in office of any President in  American history.   Why is no mystery. By every measure, Americans are worse off today  than when Biden took office. Inflation, crime, the debt, the border,  Afghanistan, a never-ending pandemic, Americans have endured  humiliation abroad and division at home, and all of these disasters are  man-made.   Everyone knows why inflation is at a 40-year high. Everyone knows why  Americans' wages have been cut by 3 percent or more. Democrats spent  trillions and then passed the largest Federal budget in history.   How, in less than a year, did we go from energy independence to  begging Saudi Arabia for oil? Well, maybe it has something to do with  the President banning new natural gas production in the United States.    You see, the media wants to make things complicated. They want you to  believe that no one really knows why you are paying close to $4 per  gallon at the pump. They want to separate the consequences of the last  year from its cause. But don't be fooled, Madam Speaker.   There is a border crisis because the Biden administration stopped  building the wall, cut deportations by 90 percent, and reversed every  single one of President Trump's successful border enforcement measures.   Fentanyl is now the leading cause of death for Americans aged 18 to  45 because it, too, is pouring across a wide-open southern border. It  is that simple.   Crime immediately shot up after Democrats' antipolice riots, because  of Democrats' antipolice riots.   There are still hundreds of Americans stranded in Afghanistan because  the Biden administration didn't prioritize its own citizens for  evacuation.   President Biden's COVID policies do not work. That is why COVID  cases, hospitalizations, and deaths all rose during the Biden  Presidency. Americans endured mandatory vaccinations, pointless mask  mandates, endless school closures, and never-ending Dr. Fauci  interviews. And it was all for nothing.   Americans can see what is in front of them. That is why they have  rejected this administration. The proof is in the pudding, and the  pudding is stale.   The question is, can Americans endure 3 more years just like the last  one? I believe that they can, but they shouldn't have to. That is why  the Republican Study Committee is here tonight. We will hold the Biden  administration accountable every step of the way. We will make sure  that the past year of crises and catastrophes never repeats itself.   Madam Speaker, tonight, I will yield to a number of my colleagues,  like the next speaker. The gentlewoman from the great State of Indiana  (Mrs. Walorski) is going to share some thoughts with us.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State  of Indiana for her comments. I know she and I both agree that Hoosiers  are sick and tired of this leadership, or lack thereof, that we have  seen from President Biden over the last year.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms.  Foxx), the ranking member of the House Education and Labor Committee  and a great mentor and colleague.    Madam Speaker, from Indiana to North Carolina to Kansas  and beyond, the American people are feeling the effects of this  disastrous administration.   I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Estes), my colleague and my  friend, a senior member of the House Ways and Means Committee, and a  leader in the Republican Study Committee.    Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Estes for his comments.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Moore), one  of our leaders in Congress on the Republican side fighting for veterans  every day on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, and my colleague and  friend.    Madam Speaker, as President Biden continues to fail the  American people in so many ways and his poor leadership has created  crisis after crisis after crisis, I can't think of anywhere in the  country that shows us just the opposite type of leadership than the  free and open State of Florida.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs.  Cammack), one of Florida's great leaders, a freshman leader in the  Republican Study Committee, my colleague and friend.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida for her  comments.   I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman), one of the  greatest voices of common sense in the entire Congress, a senior  Republican leader on the House Education and Labor Committee, my  colleague, and friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin  (Mr. Fitzgerald), my colleague and a freshman Member of the House.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Garcia), a fellow veteran and friend.    Madam Speaker, thanks to our next speaker, I have been to  the border in Arizona and Texas, both during President Trump's  Presidency and now during President Biden's Presidency. What our next  speaker has taught me along the way is the night-and-day difference.  The border was under control under President Trump; it is wide open  under President Biden.   What I have learned and what I have stressed more than ever before is  that what is going on at the border impacts my district in northeast  Indiana every single day.    Our next speaker is the co-chair of the Border Security Caucus. No  one does more in Congress to highlight these issues and work toward  protecting and securing our border than Dr. Brian Babin.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin).    Madam Speaker, when I became the chairman of the  Republican Study Committee, which is not just the largest conservative  caucus in Congress but the largest caucus overall in the entire United  States Capitol, I had to choose someone to lead the Republican Study  Committees' Budget and Spending Task Force.   For almost 50 years, this task force and the Republican Study  Committee has put forth a fiscally responsible balanced budget in the  Congress to lead the way toward fiscal responsibility. And no one has  done a better job of that in my time in Congress than Kevin Hern, a  small business owner from the great State of Oklahoma. He has chaired  and run this effort well.   Over the last year, we put out a budget that we showed to the  Congress. We could balance the budget in 6 years. That is in stark  contrast to what the Democrats and President Biden have done to put  forth the largest budget that this country has ever seen.   I don't just appreciate the leadership of Representative Hern; I am  proud of the effort he put forward.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Oklahoma again  for his leadership and the important words that he had to share with us  tonight.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Carl), a  new member of the House Committee on Armed Services who is playing an  outsized role on the Committee on Armed Services as we work hard to  support our troops who need our support more than ever before.    I thank the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Carl. It is such a  powerful statement as we think about the drugs that are flooding over  the border, that are impacting communities, destroying families.   The lack of attention by this administration to do anything about it  is appalling to the American people. As they see what is going on at  the border, they know the border is wide open. They know that this  President is responsible for the lack of leadership to secure the  border that has allowed drugs to flow into communities and affect and  destroy so many families across this country.   Enough is enough. We call on the President. We ask President Biden to  step up to the plate and address this issue so that more families  aren't ruined, and more communities aren't destroyed because of the  amount of drugs and the drug epidemic that is affecting our country.   Again, I said in my opening statement fentanyl is now the leading  cause of death for Americans aged 18 to 45. Why isn't the President  paying attention to that statistic and doing anything about it to  address it?   Madam Speaker, next, I yield to a senior member of the House Armed  Services Committee, someone who I know has a heart for our veterans,  someone who has served under four Presidents since he has been in  Congress. His perspective is powerful.   I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr. Wilson), my  colleague, mentor, and friend.    Madam Speaker, last but not least, I yield to the  gentleman from the great state of Texas, (Mr. Arrington), my friend,  someone who fights so hard for freedom, for families.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend for so many  important comments that he and the others have shared with us today as  we mark the 1-year anniversary mark of President Biden taking office as  the current President of the United States.   Once again, this President ends his first year in office with the  lowest approval rating of any President in American history. The  American people are feeling the decline of America. They see it, and  they hate it because they know it doesn't have to be this way. They are  crying out for leadership. They are begging the party in power--the  Democratic Party that controls the Congress and owns the White House  under President Joe Biden--to do something about inflation, because  they feel it and see it every day when they go to the grocery store.  And they beg the Democratic Party to do so something about it. They are  begging President Biden to address inflation, the worst inflation of my  lifetime.   They are baffled why the party in power and this President are  completely tone-deaf to the needs of the American people as they suffer  through this disastrous set of consequences of the policies of this  President.   Madam Speaker, you heard a lot tonight about the effects of the COVID  lockdowns and policies that have hurt our kids in schools and have hurt  so many working Americans as they feel the pressures of these lockdowns  and the failed policies of this administration. You have heard a lot  tonight about the effects of fentanyl and the drugs that are coming  over the wide-open border because of the failed border policies of this  President.   You have heard a lot tonight about the embarrassment that Afghanistan  has caused the American people on the world stage. The American people  know that when we put America's interests first in our foreign policy,  the world is safer and better off. But under this President, America is  less safe from North Korea to the Middle East, China and Russia, all of  these countries are seizing on America's weakness under President  Biden's leadership, and the world is less safe because of it.   Madam Speaker, I call on the Democratic Party and President Biden to  step up to the plate. America can't afford to suffer another 3 years of  what they have suffered through over the last year.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   