 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question  so we can immediately consider my bill, H.R. 6148, the Halt All Lethal  Trafficking of Fentanyl Act.   Every Member of this body knows someone who has been affected by the  drug overdose epidemic plaguing our country. We recently learned from  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that between May 2020  and April 2021, more than 100,000 overdose deaths occurred in the  United States, an increase of nearly 30 percent over the previous year.   These record numbers are due, in large part, to the increasing  presence of fentanyl and fentanyl analogs, which are approximately 100  times more potent than morphine and 50 times more potent than heroin.   Because fentanyl has a proven medical use, it is considered a  schedule II narcotic, but illicit derivations of fentanyl, also called  fentanyl analogs, or fentanyl-related substances, do not tend to  demonstrate medical value. Right now, they are considered schedule I  substances, but only because of a temporary scheduling order which  expires on February 18 of this year.  [[Page H353]]    My bill aims to curb overdose deaths by permanently scheduling  fentanyl analogs as schedule I substances. This will strengthen law  enforcement's ability to prosecute fentanyl traffickers and act as a  deterrent.   The HALT Fentanyl Act also promotes research by removing barriers to  that research. In committee, we heard there are as many as 4,800  analogs. Our experts at NIH, FDA, and other agencies, have studied  roughly 30, 30 of those 4,800 analogs, less than 1 percent of the  potential fentanyl analogs.   By encouraging research of schedule I substances like fentanyl  analogs, we can better understand how these substances work and how we  can prevent potentially harmful impact in the future.   Time is running out. The cartels in China and Mexico know how to play  games with these fentanyl analogs. Congress must act to pass the HALT  Fentanyl Act before February 18 of this year. It must be done.   