 Madam Speaker, we have a very, very serious energy crisis  here on our home shores. As fuel continues to rise, the Biden  administration continues to point fingers at anybody but themselves-- they have done it many times before--for this self-inflicted crisis.   There are statements such as this is Putin's fault. The fact is,  though, that the numbers truly tell a different story, and they do, in  fact, tell the truth.   This situation cannot be denied by many of our colleagues here in the  House, that we are issuing virtual propaganda about the realities of a  national crisis.   On January 20 of last year, a gallon of gas cost $2.39. After a year  with the Biden administration, and with much of the House leadership  supporting, we shut down the Keystone pipeline; paused leases for  energy development; failed to approve even one permit for drilling, not  one; imposed new regulations on the energy industry; threatened higher  taxes on energy companies; and, yes, actually warned banks and  financial institutions not to make investments in our domestic energy  industries.   Yet, what is coming from the White House, and many in this House, is  to blame Putin for the gas prices. It is just horrible propaganda.   Last week, the President actually told the American people that he  ``can't do much right now'' to lower gas prices. Yes, you can. Yes, it  can be done.   Meanwhile, they are looking at Iran, Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and, up  until recently, Russia. So why don't we look at central Pennsylvania,  west Texas, New Mexico, Louisiana?   Create American energy and American jobs. We need to reverse the  policies that have depressed production, throttled back investment, and  led to higher gas prices at the pump and for heating people's homes  nationwide.   Madam Speaker, energy security is national security. I think we have  all heard that. It has never been more important to be reminded of it  than today. We must reverse these damaging policies now and safeguard  our Nation's security for today and tomorrow.   