 Mr. President, I prepared some remarks to give this  evening, but I had the occasion to watch President Biden as he spoke in  Georgia just a few minutes ago, and he said quite a number of things  that simply weren't true. He also accused a number of my good and  principled colleagues in the Senate of having sinister, even racist  inclinations. He charged that voting against his bill allies us with  Bull Connor, George Wallace, and Jefferson Davis--so much for unifying  the country and working across the aisle.   More troubling, however, he said that the goal of some Republicans is  to ``turn the will of the voters into a mere suggestion.'' And so  President Biden goes down the same tragic road taken by President  Trump: casting doubt on the reliability of American elections.   This is a sad, sad day. I expected more of President Biden, who came  into office with a stated goal of bringing the country together.   Now, our country has defied the odds for a democratic republic. It  has survived and thrived for over 200 years. The character of the  American people deserves most of the credit for that, but close behind  are our vital institutions. Over the last several years, many of us  recoiled as foundational American institutions have been repeatedly  demeaned: The judiciary was charged with racial bias. The press was  called the enemy of the people. Justice and intelligence agencies were  belittled. Public health agencies were dismissed. Even our election  system was accused of being rigged.   The U.S. Senate is one of our vital democratic institutions, and the  power given to the minority in the Senate and the resulting requirement  for political consensus are among the Senate's defining features. Note  that in the Federal Government empowerment of the minority is  established through only one institution: the Senate.   The majority decides in the House. The majority decides in the  Supreme Court. The President, of course, is a majority of one. Only in  the Senate does the minority restrain the power of the majority. That a  minority should be afforded such political power is a critical element  of this institution.  [[Page S142]]    For a law to pass in the Senate, it must appeal to Senators in both  parties. This virtually assures that the bill did not originate from  the extreme wing of either one and, thus, best represents the interests  of the broadest swath of Americans. The Senate's minority empowerment  has meant that America's policies inevitably tack towards the center.  As Senator Biden previously affirmed: ``At its core, the filibuster is  not about stopping a nominee or a bill, it is about compromise and  moderation.''   Consider how different the Senate would be without the filibuster.  Whenever one party replaced the other as majority, tax and spending  priorities would change, safety net programs would change, national  security policy could change, cultural issues would careen from one  extreme to the other--creating uncertainty and unpredictability for  families, for employers, and for our friends abroad.   The need to marshal 60 votes requires compromise and middle ground.  It empowers the minority. And it has helped to keep us centered as a  nation, fostering the stability and predictability that are essential  for investments in people, in capital, and in the future. Abandoning  the principle of minority empowerment would fundamentally change a  distinct and essential role of the U.S. Senate.   But today's Democrats, now with the barest of majorities in a 50-50  Senate, conveniently ignore their own impassioned defense of the  filibuster when they were in the minority. Let us be clear that those  who claim the filibuster is racist know better.   For President Obama to make this absurd charge after he, himself,  made a vigorous and extensive defense of the filibuster just a few  years ago is both jarring and deeply disappointing. After all, I don't  recall a single claim from Democrats that employing the filibuster  hundreds of times over the last several years when they were in the  minority was in any way racist.    Over the course of my life, I have found that when presented with a  matter of personal advantage that would require abandoning principles,  the human mind goes to work overtime to rationalize taking that  advantage.   Only a few months ago, some of my Senate Democratic colleagues  rationalized that the Senate couldn't function and, therefore, they had  to get rid of the 60-vote rule. But then the Senate functioned quite  well when it passed the infrastructure bill, armed services  legislation, and a bill on innovation.   So, a few months later, some of these colleagues argued that in order  to raise the debt ceiling, the 60-vote rule has to go. Then, with  bipartisan cooperation, the Senate raised the debt ceiling.   So now, the Democrats' latest rationalization is that their partisan  new election law must be passed. But Democrats have filed these voting  bills numerous times over numerous years, always without seeking  Republican involvement in drafting them. Anytime legislation is crafted  and sponsored exclusively by one party, it is obviously an unserious,  partisan effort.   Let me note two more truths. The country is sharply divided right  now. Despite the truth spoken by a number of good people in my party,  most Republicans believe Donald Trump's lie that the 2020 election was  fraudulent, stolen by Democrats. That is almost half the country.   Can you imagine the anger that would be ignited if they see Democrats  alone rewrite, with no Republican involvement whatsoever, the voting  laws of the country? If you want to see division and anger, the  Democrats are heading down the right road.   There is also a reasonable chance Republicans will win both Houses in  Congress and that Donald Trump himself could once again be elected  President in 2024. Have Democrats thought what it would mean for them  for the Democrat minority to have no power whatsoever?   And finally, Mr. President, I offer this thought: How absurd is it to  claim that, to save democracy, a party that represents barely half the  country must trample on the rules of our democracy's senior  institution?   