 Mr. President, now, yesterday, President Biden released  the  [[Page S1812]]  second budget of his administration, a strong, forward-looking, and  optimistic vision of our country's potential. It is a budget calling  for greater investments in the things that make the biggest difference  in the lives of middle-class families and in those working to get to  the middle class: more support for our schools, increased funding for  childcare and healthcare services, strong investments in clean energy  and climate change mitigation, support for our farmers and small  businesses, as well as relief for our strained supply chains.   The Republican leader asserted yesterday that the President's budget  is ``fundamentally disconnected'' from what America needs right now.  This begs the question: Just how does the Republican leader think the  recovery of the past 12 months came to pass?   We have seen the greatest jobs recovery in history, the strongest  economic surge in 40 years, and a steady return to normal after the  worst health crisis of modern times. Does he think it happened by  magic? Of course not. These were the results of the right leadership  pursuing the right policies at the right moment in our country: robust  investments in vaccines, aid for families trying to feed their kids  through a crisis, help for businesses and local communities struggling  to stay open.   And as our recovery continues under President Biden, Republicans seem  to think the right answer is to shortchange the American people and cut  off vital resources that help our country grow.   Republicans can't stand the thought of asking the ultrarich to pay  their fair share, and as a result, efforts to strengthen the middle  class, which would be paid for by taxes on those at the very top, are  anathema to them. Keeping the wealthy wealthy is more important for  Republicans than strengthening the middle class.   Republicans, indeed, seem to think it is ``fundamentally  disconnected'' to increase investments in things like public education,  Pell grants, title 1, which helps kids most at need. Republicans  believe it is somehow wasteful or far left to dare help families afford  childcare and pre-K, which never have been pricier than they are today.   And beholden as they are to corporate polluters, Republicans seem to  think it is radical for the Federal Government to dedicate resources to  a clean energy future: more renewables, more clean cars right here from  America, and a more prosperous planet for our kids and our grandkids.   But, of course, Republicans think it is perfectly fine to try and rip  away healthcare for millions of Americans and push trillion-dollar tax  cuts that overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy, but helping the middle  class with childcare and education and healthcare is a bridge too far  for our Republican friends--sad.   For all these reasons, the contrast between President Biden's budget  and the vision we are seeing coming from Republicans is stark and  glaring. One budget, ours, is for the working and middle class; the  other, the Republican budget, is an offering entirely for the  ultrawealthy.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 310,  H.R. 4373.    I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum call for the cloture motion filed today, March 29, be waived.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session.    Pursuant to S. Res. 27, the Senate Commerce, Science,  and Transportation Committee being tied on the question of reporting, I  move to discharge the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee  from further consideration of Alvaro M. Bedoya, of Maryland, to be a  Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September  26, 2019.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  now proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following Senate  resolutions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 561, S. Res.  562, S. Res. 563, and S. Res. 564.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the  resolutions en bloc.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed  to, the preambles be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 565, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en  bloc: Calendar Nos. 642, 643, 734, and 789; that the Senate vote on the  nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that  any statements related to the nominations be printed in the Record;  that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; and  the Senate resume legislative session.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, March 30; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; that upon conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Pryor nomination; that the cloture motions filed  during Monday's session ripen following disposition of the motion to  discharge the Bedoya nomination, and that the Senate vote on the motion  to discharge the Bedoya nomination at 11:45 a.m.; further, that if  cloture is invoked on the Pryor nomination, all postcloture time be  considered expired at 1:30 p.m.; finally, if any nominations are  confirmed during Wednesday's session of the Senate, the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res.  565, following the remarks of Senator Cantwell.    Would the Senator from Washington yield for a minute?    I want to thank the Senator for her leadership on this  issue.   We all know that we have seen prices go way up. We also all suspect  that a lot of it is due to different kinds of gouging and manipulation.  The FTC is  [[Page S1840]]  about the best Agency to look for this, but without Mr. Bedoya on the  FTC, the chair and the members would be handicapped in moving that  forward. This is a really important motion to discharge.   I hope anyone who cares about inflation and rising prices and  collusion and all kinds of manipulation to prevent those prices from  coming back down should be voting for this motion to discharge and the  nomination.   Once again, the Senator from Washington has led the way on this  issue, and I salute her. This is a very, very important motion to  discharge.   