 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7698, a bill to rename  the VA outpatient clinic in Ventura, California, the Captain Rosemary  Bryant Mariner Outpatient Clinic.   Captain Mariner was a trailblazer for women in military aviation. She  was born in Texas and grew up in San Diego, California. Her mother was  a Navy nurse, and her father was a military pilot. She grew up watching  planes take off from Naval Air Station Miramar, which inspired her to  save up for flying lessons.   In 1972, when she was just 19 years old, she became the first woman  to graduate from Purdue University's aeronautical program. She then  joined the Navy and was selected as one of the first eight women to  enter pilot training. In 1974, she became one of the first six women to  earn their naval aviator pilot's wings.   She went on to become one of the first female aviators to fly the A-4  Skyhawk fighter aircraft, the first woman to fly the A-7 Corsair strike  aircraft, the first female aviator to be assigned to an aircraft  carrier, and the first woman to command an aviation squadron in the  Navy.   She commanded a tactical electronic warfare squadron during the first  Gulf war. After that, she was one of the first women in the Navy to be  promoted to captain. She retired in 1997 after 24 years of military  service with over 3,500 flight hours. Her funeral in 2019 was  accompanied by the first all-female pilot flyover.   Captain Mariner's contributions to the U.S. military and the Nation  were truly remarkable. She set a lasting example for women in the Navy,  whose ranks will include, as of Wednesday, my own granddaughter, which  I am very proud of, even though I am still having trouble with the Navy  over the Marines thing.   Madam Speaker, I am so proud to support this bill, I am grateful to  Congresswoman Brownley for sponsoring it, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2771. This bill names the VA  community-based outpatient clinic, or CBOC, in San Angelo, Texas, after  Colonel Charles and JoAnne Powell.   Charles Powell graduated from the Naval Academy and went on to spend  [[Page H7944]]  three decades in the Air Force. In that time, he deployed twice to  Vietnam, served as commander of Goodfellow Air Force Base in San  Angelo, and eventually attained the rank of colonel.   While not a veteran herself, his wife, JoAnne Powell, was, as the  Disabled American Veterans, Department of Texas, put it, a force all  her own. During her husband's time as commanding officer of Goodfellow,  she revived the Officers Wives Club, started a Christmas bazaar program  that continues to this day, supported efforts to prevent the base from  closing, and actively volunteered for the local charities and helped  families of servicemembers who were prisoners of war or missing in  action.   For her efforts, she was honored at the Goodfellow Air Force Base  with a lifetime achievement award. JoAnne also spent almost 40 years  working for her local Congressmen, helping thousands of servicemembers,  veterans, and military families.   This bill fulfills the committee's naming criteria. It has the full  support of the Texas congressional delegation, local VSOs, and the  veteran community in and around San Angelo.   I particularly recognize the hard work and leadership of the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Pfluger), my friend, and the Senate sponsor  of this bill, Senator Cornyn. They have been relentless in their  advocacy for the bill so that Charles and JoAnne's incredible legacy  will finally receive the recognition it deserves. I thank them both.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill today.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Pfluger).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, in closing, I encourage all of my colleagues  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   