 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lofgren for her  leadership and Chairman Nadler for his staunch support to move my bill,  the Veteran Service Recognition Act, through committee and to bring it  to the floor.   As chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, one of my  top priorities has been the prevention of undue noncitizen veteran  deportations.   Most Americans would be shocked and in disbelief that we have  deported people who have served in our military, have served in  uniform, have even been in combat. They would be shocked to learn that  we have done this, but it is true. We have actually taken American  heroes who have served in our military and deported them.   While many would be shocked to learn that veterans who have served  our country are being subjected to deportations, the number of these  individuals is unknown because we have not kept adequate records on who  these people are.   In 2019, Representative Vargas and I requested that the Government  Accountability Office evaluate the scope of servicemember and veteran  deportations and determine the state of and adherence to DHS policies  on such deportations, DHS' own policies.   What the GAO found was significant gaps not only in the Federal  approach to processing potentially removable veterans but also in how  the government facilitated the naturalization of noncitizen  servicemembers and veterans.   I was further dismayed by the additional findings that the number of  these veterans was not being tracked; deportation often prevented these  individuals from accessing their VA benefits and services or attending  hearings to appeal VA decisions; and ICE did not consistently adhere to  its own policies on removal proceedings involving veterans.    The GAO report made it abundantly clear that reforms are desperately  needed across the Federal Government, and that is precisely what my  bill endeavors to do today.   Despite being born in a different country, these veterans served in  the United States for the promise of a better future. They put their  lives on the line to promote our ideals and values because they believe  in the American experience.   Often, these individuals, like many veterans, leave service with  traumas or  [[Page H8767]]  ailments that impact their physical and mental health. This can lead to  drug addiction, self-harm, or PTSD, which also can serve as a precursor  to violence or criminal activity.   We must recognize these struggles that our veterans face and show  greater compassion toward those who may have made a mistake, including  those noncitizen veterans who are facing deportation due to their  actions.   I say to you, Mr. Speaker, if there is anyone who deserves a second  chance in our country, it is people who have worn the uniform of the  United States of America.   The Veteran Service Recognition Act creates a pathway for us to  recognize their service and prevent the undue deportation of  servicemembers and veterans. The bill achieves this by making the  naturalization process easier for Active-Duty servicemembers at basic  training and establishing a military family immigration advisory  committee to review the record of an individual being considered for  deportation. This is not an automatic thing. This is about weighing the  servicemember's record as part of those proceedings.   What American would deny that we should treat noncitizen veterans  with fairness and compassion? We want veterans to be able to apply for  green cards to return home, excluding the most egregious cases, and  codify an administrative program for immediate family members of  veterans to also obtain green cards consistent with existing  administrative policy.   The number of eligible individuals under this legislation remains a  very small subset of the veteran population. In fact, estimates are in  the couple of hundreds.    Mr. Speaker, for my friends across the aisle, this is an  opportunity to honor our brave veterans for their heroism, regardless  of the country they were born in.   We commemorated Veterans Day last month, and I can think of no better  way to honor our veterans than voting ``yes'' on the underlying  legislation. We can and must do better by our immigrant veterans.   