 Mr. President, I rise today for two reasons: one happy,  one not so happy.   First, I want to take a moment to recognize a much admired Louisiana  journalist. I am referring to Ms. Kim Holden from the wonderful city of  New Orleans in my State. Kim has just retired from WVUE, which we  sometimes call FOX 8 News, in Louisiana, and Ms. Holden has been with  FOX 8 News for 34 years.   Kim, if I may call her by her first name, is Louisiana through and  through. She is what most of us would call a star-spangled  professional. Ms. Holden graduated from St. Mary's Dominican High  School. I know, to some of you, that doesn't mean much, but it is an  extraordinarily good school in my State.   She started out at Tulane University. She wanted to study premed, but  she realized pretty quickly that premed wasn't for her. She discovered  her love for journalism, and she went to and graduated from Loyola  University in New Orleans with a major in communications.   She took her first job in 1988 as an intern at WVUE FOX 8, and she  never left. Kim's talent and intelligence was quickly recognized at FOX  8. She was hired almost immediately after being an intern as a part- time production assistant.   Throughout her 34 years at FOX 8, she has worked as a producer, as a  reporter, as a weekend anchor, and as an assistant news director. In  2005, Ms. Holden started anchoring the morning  [[Page S3232]]  newscast, and she has coanchored at 5 and 10 p.m. for the last 12  years.   It is a very unique thing, as you know, Mr. President, in television  to work your entire career in one place, particularly in your hometown.  Most journalists move from city to city--not Kim. She loves New  Orleans, and New Orleans loves her back.   I have been interviewed any number of times, with great admiration  from Ms. Holden--not always with great joy because Kim is tough. She is  tough as a boot as a journalist. She does her job, but she is very,  very fair. She is in a world now of agenda journalists who have an  agenda of their own--not Kim Holden. Not Kim Holden. She called the  balls and the strikes. I don't even know what party she is in. I don't  care which party she is in. She was just a pro.   Kim, as I said, has retired, and she has had an extraordinary career.  When you go back and look at her awards, she has received an Emmy and  two Edward R. Murrow Awards for reporting. The Associated Press named  her Reporter of the Year twice.   Throughout her career at FOX 8 News, Kim has covered everything from  the COVID-19 pandemic to hurricanes, including Hurricane Katrina, to  the New Orleans Saints winning the Super Bowl.   I think, in her next chapter, Ms. Holden is going to spend some  quality time--she deserves it--with her husband Bobby and her four  children and her six grandchildren.   So I just wanted to recognize Kim Holden today and to thank her for  giving so much to the profession of journalism and to thank her for  giving so much to my State in Louisiana. And I wish her the best in her  next chapter.    Mr. President, I have with me today some summer  associates from my office, and I ask unanimous consent that the  following of my colleagues be granted floor privileges until August 12,  2022: Mr. John Luke Lary, Mr. Maximo Valobra, Mr. Jakob Greer, Mr. Jase  McDonald, and Mr. Mathias Brantley--here in the back.   