 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  and I appreciate his leadership and tenacity in terms of trying to help  our beleaguered neighborhood restaurants.   Mr. Speaker, our friends on the other side of the aisle--even if they  got their dream piece of legislation--would not  [[Page H4234]]  make any difference on the price of gasoline this year or next year. We  are dealing with global supply. One of the things that will make a  difference to break the grip that we have with the oligarchs and the  sheikhs is being able to deal with renewable energy that is not going  to hold us hostage.   We have seen remarkable progress that is made. I am sad that our  friends on the other side of the aisle have been resistant to these  innovations in terms of solar, wind, electrification, the things that  will really make a difference today and tomorrow and help fight the  crisis that we face with climate change and global warming.   This legislation will make a difference to 177,000 small neighborhood  restaurants and other distressed businesses. From the beginning of the  COVID-19 pandemic, these neighborhood facilities have been the hardest  hit. You have heard already that they were subject to over 4 million  jobs lost in the first few months of the pandemic.    The unemployment in the restaurant industry remains stubbornly high,  and approximately 90,000 restaurants have permanently closed since the  start of the pandemic. We have heard from countless others that are  teetering on the edge.   Restaurants are the cornerstone of a livable community. They have  employed nearly 60 percent of Americans at some point in their career.  I would venture to say that many of us on the floor of the House have  had that experience. They are a major source of employment for people  of color and women, and they support a $1 trillion supply chain from  farm to table.   The Federal Government has provided help for those institutions  through the Restaurant Revitalization Fund, a program based on my  RESTAURANTS Act that I introduced in June of 2020, but the program was  oversubscribed and underfunded. Only one-third of all applicants were  funded, leaving 177,000 hanging in the balance.   The relief for restaurants and other hard-hit small businesses will  finish that job. More than 235 Members of the House are cosponsors of  this legislation, the RESTAURANTS Act, including two dozen of my  Republican colleagues.   My legislation will provide $42 billion to help fund those  restaurants that had not previously received awards finishing everybody  who is in line.    The legislation provides $13 billion for a separate  industry neutral fund for small businesses that have been  disproportionately hard hit by the pandemic, such as live events,  travel, hospitality, and fitness. We have all heard from them in our  Districts.   Finally, the legislation extends the period of time that Shuttered  Venue Operators Grants can be spent to harmonize it with the Restaurant  Revitalization Fund.   Best of all, this bill can be paid for with fraudulent pandemic  relief funds that are recovered.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to finish the job protecting our  neighborhood restaurants and other distressed businesses. I am proud to  have sponsored this. I deeply appreciate the broad bipartisan support  in the House and the Senate, and I hope we will enact it today. I  support the rule.   