 Madam President, I want to thank my colleagues who  have worked with us on a bipartisan basis to bring the SFC Heath  Robinson Honoring Our Promise to Address Comprehensive Toxics Act of  2022 to the floor for a vote. That is a mouthful. The PACT Act is the  way it is known more colloquially.   The PACT Act is a profoundly significant measure. It is a milestone  in our dealing with the health and benefits that our veterans deserve.   We know that the modern battlefield is filled with toxins and poison  that could cause grave injury, and many of the afflictions that result  from those toxins or chemicals are manifested only years after a  veteran leaves Active-Duty service. In fact, cancer, hypertension, skin  disease--the list is long, and so are the number of years when the  illnesses can arrive. They are latent. They are hidden. Like many  wounds of war, they are invisible at the time. But these brave men and  women who serve us on the modern battlefield experience them at higher  rates because there are more of those toxins and chemicals.   We have seen them, for example, in the burn pit. One of my sons, a  Marine Corps officer in Afghanistan, saw them firsthand, described them  to me, and worried about the effects on him. So far he is fine, but the  years ahead are an unknown for him and for countless other men and  women who may have been exposed. In fact, they may not even know that  they have been exposed to these chemicals and toxins.   The fact of the matter is that the Veterans Administration has  resisted taking responsibility for these illnesses. It has erected  thresholds of proof and barriers of evidence for veterans who suffer  the effects of the burn pit and the other sources of toxic chemicals  that can inflict such grievous pain and worry on so many of them. That  is why this legislation is so significant--because it will begin to  right the inaction of the government in helping veterans afflicted by  toxic exposure.   We have been here before. We have fought year after year after year  for veterans who were afflicted with the results of Agent Orange over  the resistance and the opposition of the VA. And even after we passed  the measure, righting those wrongs, the VA resisted implementing the  law, not under this administration, fortunately, but previous ones.   I am immensely grateful to this VA for its seeming support of this  measure, but I am most grateful to the veterans themselves, the  veterans service  [[Page S2805]]  organizations that have been at our side and have had our back,  including the Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, their organization. The  IAVA has played an important role; likewise, the VFW--Veterans of  Foreign Wars--the American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, and  others. They are among the main rulers who deserve predominant thanks.   Chairman Tester and Ranking Member Moran and our counterparts in the  House Committee on Veterans Affairs have been instrumental in this  measure. In fact, I worked with Senator Moran on this issue when I was  the ranking member on the Veterans' Affairs Committee. He saw, along  with me, the importance of moving forward on this issue.    This inaction has affected countless families like Sergeant First  Class Robinson's family. I received a handwritten note from his young  daughter yesterday urging me to vote yes on ``my dad's bill.'' Let  there be no mistake, I am going to be voting yes on this bill, and I  hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will overwhelmingly  join me in voting yes.   I want to say, in particular, how proud I have been to lead  legislation, along with colleagues like Senator Tillis, to advance  particular causes of groups of veterans who have been specifically  affected. For example, the Palomares nuclear accident in 1966 caused  huge suffering and pain to men and women in uniform who were sent to  clean up a crash or a release of bombs. They didn't explode, but they  were nuclear weapons, and they had to be cleaned up. Their remediation  exposed those veterans to radiation, and the PACT Act will provide them  with much needed relief.   Similarly, there are an estimated 16,000--that is right; 16,000--U.S.  servicemembers deployed to a base in Uzbekistan known as K2. It was an  old Soviet base, which became a dumping ground for all kinds of toxic  substances, and they were exposed to those substances when they served  there.   Now, the old Soviet Union didn't care much about its people--Russia  not much more--about its people in uniform, but we should, and we do.  That is why the PACT Act would provide care to them.   In the United States at Camp Lejeune, many of our veterans and their  families were exposed to toxins in the water supply. They have been  left without any real recourse. My friend and colleague Senator Tillis  and I worked together on legislation to help these thousands of  veterans and their families impacted by those toxins at Camp Lejeune.  It was an uphill battle. We had to overcome a lot of resistance. Again,  some of our VA friends didn't see it our way, but my feeling is that we  had to fight as tenaciously for those Camp Lejeune families as marines  do for us.   The PACT Act essentially regards these kinds of illnesses and  inflictions as part of the cost of war, and it puts the presumption of  service-connected cause on the side of the veteran because many of them  are making claims after the fact, indeed, well after they have left the  battlefield. The proof is much more difficult for them to make and much  easier for the VA to resist, so the burden should be on the VA to prove  that these illnesses are not service connected, not the other way  around. The presumption has to be in favor of the veteran. That is the  basic fairness here. It levels the playing field so that veterans have  a fair chance at making sure that they receive the healthcare and the  benefits that they deserve and need.   I am proud that this measure is bipartisan. It is long overdue, but  it moves us in the right direction, and maybe it helps to prove that we  can continue to work productively together. Certainly, as to veterans,  we need to do the right thing in recognizing these costs of war.   This measure is not only an important milestone as legislation, but  it also represents an opportunity to educate our country about  invisible wounds, about brave men and women who serve in combat and  come home without necessarily a visible wound but experience a  different kind of hardship and burden. Their sacrifice must be  recognized. They need healthcare, and they deserve it. The benefits  that they are receiving as a result of this measure are extraordinarily  and deeply well deserved and should be available promptly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   