 Madam President, I would ask consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I rise as so many of us are talking about  today and reflecting upon the massacre in Newtown, CT, Sandy Hook  Elementary School, 10 years ago today.   I rise for two purposes: One is to commemorate those who lost their  lives that day--especially the children, 20 children, as well as 6  adults--to remember each of them today but also to commend and salute  the work done by families and so many others across this country to  make some measure of progress, limited though it has been, to reduce  the likelihood of more gun violence across the country.   I wanted to start, though, Madam President, by reading the names and  the ages of those who perished on that day at Sandy Hook Elementary  School. For each individual, I will read their name and then the age  they were on that day.   First, Charlotte Bacon, 6 years old; Olivia Engel, 6; Dylan Hockley,  6 years old; Madeleine Hsu, 6; Catherine Hubbard, 6; Jesse Lewis, 6;  Ana Marquez-Greene, 6; James Mattioli, 6; Emilie Parker, 6; Jack Pinto,  6 years old; Noah Pozner, 6; Caroline Previdi, 6; Jessica Rekos, 6;  Avielle Richman, 6 years old; Benjamin Wheeler, 6; Allison Wyatt, 6;  Daniel Barden, 7 years old; Josephine Gay, 7; Chase Kowalski, 7; Grace  McDonnell, 7, just age 7.   They are the children, and here are the adults who were killed on  that day:  [[Page S7172]]  Victoria Soto, 27 years old; Rachel D'Avino, 29; Lauren Rousseau, 30;  Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, 47 years old; Anne Marie Murphy, 52; and Mary  Sherlach, 56 years old.   When we remember those children and adults who were killed on that  day, unfortunately for the Nation, it didn't stop there. And just as I  have read those names, we could continue reading names from other  cities and other years under different circumstances but all leading to  the same place: death and darkness because of the scourge of gun  violence all across America.   The children of Newtown, CT, came before the most recent massacre of  children in a school in Uvalde, TX. There were many front-page  newspaper stories in 2012 on this day--or I guess tomorrow; it would be  tomorrow's newspapers--across the country. We had little, small  pictures of each child and each adult.   I saved one from the Wall Street Journal. It was on my desk for a  long time, and then I ultimately had it matted. But I still have one  just from May of this year that is still in its newspaper form from  Uvalde, TX--the same newspaper, the Wall Street Journal. But you could  pick any paper in the country in 2012 or this past year. That tells us  all we need to know.   So, as we remember and reflect upon that loss, I believe today it is  also important to remember and commend what the parents did, what the  families did, what their friends and relatives and supporters did, what  volunteers did, all these years, who didn't know these families.   But let me start with the parents. These parents, of course, were  consumed by grief, as anyone would be. But somehow--somehow--although  they were consumed by their grief, somehow, by way of their own courage  and the grace of God, they figured out a way to come together in common  purpose, remembering and trying in their own way to pay tribute to  their children, to form organizations which have been highly successful  in making the case as to why we have to take action here on the Senate  floor and not far away on the House floor, to take action on gun  violence.   For example, groups like Sandy Hook Promise and Newtown Action  Alliance and so many others and related groups that have sprung up got  involved in the debate and made the case to legislators personally.  Parents burdened by their own grief made the case to legislators. The  progress has been all too slow, but because of the courage of the  parents of those Sandy Hook children and because of so many other  families and parents who have loved and lost, we made some progress  just this past year.   But, unfortunately, in the last 10 years, it took thousands more mass  shootings and hundreds of thousands of gun deaths for Congress to  finally act. Let me say that again--hundreds of thousands of gun  violence deaths for Congress to finally act.   This past summer, we even had Republican Senators join us--not enough  but enough to pass a bill in the Senate--to pass a bill that had  commonsense gun safety measures in the bill. This bill that passed this  summer not only will save lives, but there is some evidence it is  already doing that, by some of the data and analysis done by law  enforcement.   But this bill, if anyone is being honest about it--this bill, this  effort, this ongoing effort to reduce gun violence deaths, has to be  just the very beginning of our work. People are still being killed and  injured by gun violence every day in cities and communities all across  the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and across the Nation. We owe it to  the families of those 20 children and those 6 adults who died in  Newtown, CT, at Sandy Hook Elementary School, and so many other places  that we can name and catalog here today. Because of the length of that  list, we don't have time to go through all of them today.   We have work to do to make sure that we not only pay tribute to those  families who have loved and lost and done so much to help other  families, but we owe so much to them in the form of passing  legislation.   We have to continue to make sure that those who lost their lives on  that awful day--a day that most Americans will never forget--we have to  make sure that all the efforts that their parents undertook and that  their family members undertook will not be in vain.   We have more work to do to pass commonsense gun safety measures. My  God, a background check supported by 90 percent of the American people  has not yet been passed into law, but it will be. We are going to get  there here in the Senate and across the country.   So we have more work to do, but on this day, as we commemorate and  reflect on those young souls we lost, we also have to be positive about  what their families have done since that day, showing uncommon courage  and dedication to not just the memory of their children but to the  betterment of the country as a whole.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   