 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano and  Ranking Member Bost for their support of H.R. 7939, which also contains  the text of one of my bills I have been working on for the last year  called the Military Spouse Licensing Relief Act.   In the midst of one of the most challenging moments for our military  in terms of recruitment and retention, what this bill does is it allows  the spouse of Active-Duty members to effectively cross-deck their  professional licenses if they are a realtor, doctor, nurse, teacher,  beautician, cosmetologist, whatever their profession is, across State  lines when they get orders from one State to the next.   Right now the national unemployment average is roughly 3.7 percent,  but when you look at the spouses of Active-Duty military members, that  number is a staggering 20 percent unemployment rate.   We have roughly 34 percent of the spouses of our Active-Duty members  who are actually licensed professionals who would benefit from this  very important piece of legislation.   This legislation would require that spouses who receive reciprocity  are in good standing with their original licensing jurisdiction and  requires military spouses abide by the new State's rules and  regulations regarding the standards and practices and continuing  education as required by their license.   This bill, above all things, would ensure that we ease the burden of  our Active-Duty military families. This is a win for military families  and a win for our Nation's security, but it is also a win for local  communities that are in desperate need of teachers, nurses, doctors,  and professionals and what they bring to the table. By the way, it is  also a win for the government because it will now enjoy the tax revenue  from those dual-income families. Hopefully, this translates into better  recruitment and better retention for our military.   Madam Speaker, I urge strong support of H.R. 7939 containing the text  of the Military Spouse Licensing Relief Act, and I thank the Veterans'  Affairs Committee for their support on this.   