 Mr. President, during my time in the Senate, I have spent  a lot of time learning from folks who live and work along our 1,200- mile border with Mexico about the challenges that region and that  border present. I have worked with local leaders who know the  advantages and the challenges of living along an international border  better than anyone else in the country. Of course, I have spoken with a  number of Border Patrol agents--these, of course, are frontline law  enforcement officers--as well as our local sheriffs and others, who  have come face-to-face with human tragedy, exploitation, and many other  forms of heartbreak and hardship. I have learned a great deal from the  nongovernmental organizations--the so-called NGOs--that go above and  beyond the call of duty to  [[Page S3249]]  care for the migrants who often arrive sick, abused, and malnourished.  When it comes to border security and commonsense immigration policies,  the input of these experts is invaluable. It is irreplaceable.   Later this week, I will be traveling back home to the Rio Grande  Valley along with a number of my Republican colleagues so that they,  too, can learn from the true experts about the border crisis. Senator  Cruz and I are leading a visit to the Rio Grande Valley to receive an  update on the current state of circumstances at the border.   I know, with everything happening here in Washington, DC, and around  the country, it is easy to lose sight of what is happening on the  border, the humanitarian crisis that is occurring at the border, so I  want to remind anybody who is listening about what we have seen over  the last 2 years during--well, actually, it is the first year and a  half of the Biden administration. For a year and a half now, border  communities have been overwhelmed by the sheer number, the volume, of  migrants crossing the border. Since President Biden took office, the  Border Patrol has encountered nearly 3 million--3 million--people along  the southwest border. That is almost an incomprehensible figure, and it  is far from the normal situation.   Let me provide a little historical context. At this point during the  Obama administration, an average of about 46,000 migrants were  apprehended each month along the border--46,000 during the Obama  administration. During the Trump administration, that number was cut in  half to 24,000 migrants every month. But during the Biden  administration, so far, that figure has skyrocketed. On average, more  than 185,000 migrants cross our southern border every month. That is  7\1/2\ times more than we were seeing just a few years ago.   And there is no question--certainly in my mind--and I don't think any  rational review of the facts would lead to another conclusion other  than that President Biden's policies are the driving force for this  crisis. The President ran on the promise of policies that would lead to  this exact result, and we have heard stories from migrants who  explicitly came to the United States because of the signals the Federal  Government is sending that if you can make it to the border, you are  going to be able to make it into the interior of the United States.   But even though the President's policies have encouraged many people  to make this dangerous trip from their homes across the border-- particularly in temperatures like we are encountering in Texas now,  where for the last 33 days we have seen 100-degree-plus temperatures-- these migrants are coming from their home, traversing huge expanses of  land, and showing up at the border--if they do show up--as I said,  sick, dehydrated, suffering from assault.   The fact is, if you visit Brooks County, TX, where Falfurrias is  located, they have a Border Patrol checkpoint. What the coyotes do-- that is the name given to the human smugglers--is they will transport  people from the stash houses on this side of the border, up the  highway, but then, before they get to the border checkpoint where  the Border Patrol is, they will tell all the migrants to get out of the  vehicle and here is a jug of water and maybe a power bar, and we will  see you on the north side. They will have to walk around the checkpoint  and then reconnect with the coyote, with the smuggler, on the north  side. But the fact is that a number of these individuals don't make it;  they die in Brooks County from exposure. Certainly, the coyotes care  nothing about humanity but only about money. If someone is sick or lame  or can't keep up, they get left behind to die.    Well, it is clear, too, that this administration has failed to  prepare for what I think most people could have predicted given the  green light that the Biden administration has posted at the border  welcoming anybody and everybody who wants to come to the United States  from anywhere in the world without complying with our immigration laws.  When thousands of people are crossing the border every day, it  overwhelms the Border Patrol's capabilities. That is part of the plan,  because when thousands of people overwhelm the Border Patrol at the  border, many of them have to go away from the border for paperwork, to  process unaccompanied children and perform other tasks. So they are not  there when--guess what--here come the drugs.   Last year alone, 108,000 Americans died of drug overdoses. Virtually  all of those came across the southern border. The one that we are most  concerned about now--but we are concerned about all of them--is  opioids, synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which are enormously powerful  and have resulted in the death of far too many Americans. Part of that  is because of the border crisis.   Now, the drug cartels make a lot of money doing this. The human  smugglers charge $5-, $10-, $15,000 a head to bring people across the  border. This is a huge moneymaking criminal enterprise. But, in  response, the Biden administration has failed to prepare and failed to  embrace policies that would deter people from making this dangerous  trip in the first place.   Last fall, I visited the Del Rio Sector with a group of about 30  Border Patrol agents at their muster. That is their meeting right  before they are deployed out into the field. When they were asked to  raise their hand if they would be working out in the field that day  patrolling, not a single hand was raised. These men and women who would  normally be out on the frontlines stopping dangerous people and drugs  from sneaking across the border--they are filling out paperwork, they  are watching unaccompanied children, and they are transporting  migrants.   This is part of the cartel's plan. It looks like, to coin a phrase,  we are playing checkers when they are playing three-dimensional chess.  The cartels have simply adapted their policies to exploit what they see  as weakness at the border. This is a dangerous situation. If Border  Patrol agents are caring for unaccompanied children, obviously they  can't patrol the frontlines. If they are knee-deep in paperwork, they  can't stop criminals and drugs from coming across the border.   The chaos at the border provides an excellent camouflage and disguise  for dangerous people coming across. Gangs, cartels, criminal  organizations are paying close attention. They see the gaps, some of  which they create themselves, and they are taking full advantage. Every  day, criminals attempt to sneak across our border. The dedicated men  and women of the Border Patrol arrest a number of them if they can  locate them. Many of them get away. Since October, agents have  apprehended more than 450 gang members. But, as we know, they are  outnumbered and overwhelmed, meaning that countless others slip through  the cracks.   According to some reports, more than 300,000 migrants evaded Border  Patrol between October and the end of March. That is 300,000 on top of  the 3 million whom I mentioned a moment ago who have been encountered  during the Biden administration. So that is 300,000 additional who have  evaded Border Patrol in just 6 months. These are known as ``got- aways,'' the ones Border Patrol sees on surveillance cameras. But the  number could well be significantly higher.   The cartels and the human smugglers who help people illegally enter  our country are not fools. They pay close attention to the rhetoric of  the President and politicians here in Washington, and they watch  television from their home country and see that people who show up at  the border can by and large enter the country without any consequences.  They know our immigration laws better than the average American, better  than the average Member of Congress, and they know how to exploit them  to their advantage. They will flood the system in one area to distract  the Border Patrol and take advantage of the security gaps.   This is an important point. These cartels and criminal organizations  are what one Border Patrol agent called commodity agnostic; in other  words, they are in it for the money. If they can make money by  smuggling--by trafficking in young girls or in economic migrants or  drugs, they will do it because that is why they exist: because of the  money they derive from their crimes.   As I suggested, one of the biggest moneymakers is drug trafficking.  Since October, Customs and Border  [[Page S3250]]  Protection has seized more than 7,700 pounds of fentanyl and more than  120,000 pounds of methamphetamine. Add the other drugs--cocaine,  heroin, and other dangerous drugs--that have been seized, you have  440,000 pounds of drugs that came into our country in only 8 months,  and that is just the drugs we were able to locate and confiscate.   These criminal groups also profit off the backs of migrants. Again,  to them, a migrant is not a human being. It is a commodity; it is a  moneymaker, a way to wring a dollar out of somebody else's misery.   And a couple of weeks ago, we received a tragic reminder of how  ruthless these criminals are. Smugglers abandoned a tractor-trailer  packed with migrants in San Antonio, my hometown, leaving the truck to  bake in the Texas heat. Fifty-three migrants died in what has been  described as the deadliest human smuggling incident in U.S. history. It  is a devastating reminder that this isn't about politics. Lives are  actually on the line.   President Biden has talked about the need to treat immigrants  humanely. I agree. This isn't about treating them inhumanely, but 53  migrants dying in the back of a tractor-trailer rig in 100-degree Texas  temperature is not humane either.   Migrants are dying. Drugs are pouring into our country. And all the  while, these criminal organizations are getting richer and richer.   I don't know how President Biden and Vice President Harris look in  the mirror knowing that this is happening on their watch. I do know  that President Biden and Vice President Harris have not been down to  the border and talked to the same experts that I have learned from over  the years. I think they would learn a lot. I would welcome them if they  decided to come.   Instead, the President has sent a signal to the cartels and human  smugglers that they can continue to abuse, rape, and get rich off of  vulnerable migrants. We have even seen some in the administration  villainize the dedicated law enforcement officers who are trying to  keep our communities and our countries safe. And despite the  recordbreaking levels of migration, we know the President still refuses  to visit the border.   He is in the Middle East. He is visiting Muhammad bin Salman and  other officials in Israel and elsewhere, but he won't go to the border  where this crisis is happening, in large part because of his failed  policies.   As I have said, throughout my time in the Senate, I have learned a  lot from these dedicated leaders in border communities who deal with  this crisis firsthand. Their input has been invaluable to my work in  the Senate. And I look forward to seeing some of these folks later this  week and introducing them to a number of our Senate colleagues.   I yield the floor.   