 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the  introduction.   Mr. Speaker, I want to salute Chairman DeLauro and Ranking Member  Granger of the full committee for putting together a final  appropriations package for the year. It is a fair compromise that  includes funding for many priorities here at home and abroad.   As ranking member of the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations,  and Related Programs, I want to highlight a few priorities included in  the SFOPS section of the bill that provide critical funding to our  allies and partners during a time of great angst around the globe.   Although essential military and economic aid for the brave people of  Ukraine is included elsewhere in the bill as an emergency supplemental  appropriation, base funding for State-Foreign Operations is essential  to our national security.   Following the chaotic Afghan withdrawal by this administration, and a  full-scale assault on Ukraine by President Putin, it is critically  important that this Congress sends a signal to the rest of the world  that the United States stands by its allies and partners.   We do so here by including $3.3 billion in Foreign Military Financing  for Israel and robust, continued support for other key partners in the  Middle East like Egypt and Jordan. Funding is  [[Page H1409]]  also increased for our efforts to counter the malign influence of the  Chinese Government.   In our own hemisphere, the bill increases funding for one of our most  important partners in the region, Colombia, as they continue to work to  thwart drug producers and traffickers. The bill also prioritizes  funding to address the flow of fentanyl and other synthetic opioids  into the United States from Mexico and China.   I am also pleased to report that the agreement restores all  protections for the unborn that are in current law, including a  prohibition on the use of funds to pay for abortion. At no time should  U.S. taxpayer dollars be used to kill the unborn. We must always  protect the sanctity of life.   Finally, this omnibus provides critical resources for southern and  eastern Kentucky, I am proud to say. It continues our fight against the  opioid epidemic, which is as important now as it has ever been.   It provides record funding for my Abandoned Mine Land Economic  Revitalization Program, which is creating new economic opportunities  across Appalachia and throughout my district.   It includes my community project funding requests, which will provide  important resources to our first responders, help protect Kentuckians  from future floods, improve access to clean water, fight the scourge of  opioids, improve medical care, and promote economic growth.   This bill is a substantial improvement on the House-passed bill, and  I commend our chairwoman and ranking member for their hard work on this  package.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   