 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for yielding.   Madam Speaker, as the doctor has just said, this is an  extraordinarily complex and difficult issue for all.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill and the Women's  Health Protection Act that we are also considering today.   Three weeks ago today, the United States Supreme Court's  unprecedented decision reversed nearly 50 years of established  precedent overturning Roe v. Wade and paving the way for trigger laws  across the country to criminalize access to abortion instantly. With  this ruling, women in 2022 will now have fewer rights than their  mothers or grandmothers and less control over their own bodies and  their own healthcare.   Today, the House of Representatives is responding to protect the  women of our country. Today, this House will vote to stand with women  and affirm their freedom to make their own healthcare decisions.   It is not an easy decision, and it is not made lightly, but it ought  to be free from interference from politicians. We must do everything,  in my view, in our power to ensure that women are free to travel  wherever they need in order to access reproductive care safely,  legally, and without fear of punishment.   That is why I brought to the floor this bill, the Ensuring Women's  Right to Reproductive Freedom Act. This legislation would prohibit  States from preventing, impeding, or obstructing women from traveling  to other States for reproductive care or retaliating against them for  doing so.    Over a century and one-half ago it was legal to own people because of  the color of their skin. They could escape, as Harriet Tubman did and  as Frederick Douglass did, from their slavery on the Eastern Shore of  our State and go to a so-called free State. But then, tragically, the  Congress enacted a bill which allowed people to go and reimpose slavery  on those folks. Let's none of us do the same.   This legislation would prohibit States from preventing, impeding, or  obstructing women from traveling to other States for reproductive care  where it is legal or retaliating against them for doing so. These  draconian and authoritarian laws that States are talking about are  going to criminalize behavior no matter whether it is legal in the  State to which you went.   One of the first bills I voted on in 1967 when I first went to the  State senate--at that point in time I was about 8 months out of law  school--was to repeal the miscegenation statutes which said that a  Black person could not marry a White person or a person of Japanese  extraction or Chinese extraction. The Supreme Court held that  unconstitutional.   It would be like saying: You can go to a State where that certainly  is legal for an African American and a Caucasian to marry, but if you  come back here, you are going to be a criminal.   That is draconian, authoritarian, and almost Communist-like. It is  dictatorship that China tried to pursue and did.   This bill would also extend the same protections to healthcare  providers who perform abortions for out-of-state patients and to anyone  who helps them with transportation. Let us not set up a society where  people are watching their neighbor, reporting on their neighbor, and  criminalizing behavior which has, for one-half century, been the  decision of a woman. Yes, she could consult her doctor and she could  consult others, but it was her body that was at stake. It is her  decision.   Additionally, this bill would protect the movement in interstate  commerce of prescription drugs approved by the FDA to end pregnancies  safely at home.  [[Page H6654]]    I am grateful to Representatives Lizzie Fletcher, Marilyn Strickland,  and Jamie Raskin for introducing this legislation and to Chairman  Pallone for advancing it through the Energy and Commerce Committee so  speedily. I also want to thank Diana DeGette and Barbara Lee for their  leadership on this issue as co-chairs of the Congressional Pro-Choice  Caucus.   While protecting interstate travel is an important step, Congress  must do much more to ensure that every woman in our country can access  healthcare and reproductive choice safely, legally, and affordably.  That is why we are also considering an updated version of the Women's  Health Protection Act today.   I thank Judy Chu, again, for her leadership on this effort.   Make no mistake, Madam Speaker, until we codify Roe v. Wade's 49-year  precedent in Federal statute, women in many parts of our country will  not be safe or have access to the healthcare they need. I am old enough  to remember when it wasn't legal and when people died in back alleys  going to charlatans and did not have proper medical care. Let's not  return to those dark and tragic days.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, to  support freedom, and to support the women of our country. That is the  right thing to do.   