 Mr. President, I asked my colleagues to join me in  honoring and thanking the heroic individuals who have served our  country.   Every year on Veterans Day--just a couple of days ago--we come  together as Ohioans or Oregonians and New Mexicans and Americans  generally to remember with deep respect and gratitude all that our  veterans have done for our country.   Veterans and their families have sacrificed so much to keep us safe.  They put their lives on the line to protect us.   So often veterans don't speak about their service. My dad was a World  War II veteran. He rarely talked about it. It was pretty typical of  that generation; not so different from Vietnam vets, many of whom  suffered from Agent Orange, or from Iraqi or Afghan war vets. They  don't brag, they don't ask for recognition, but they have earned it.   As we pay tribute to all who serve and all who have served, we must  remember that we owe veterans and their families more than just a thank  you on Labor Day--or on Veterans Day. We owe them what they have  earned: healthcare benefits, education opportunities. Taking care of  our veterans is a cost of going to war.   Now, I have heard--I am going to talk about the PACT Act in a moment.  Senator Merkley and I were just talking about it, the long overdue step  we took to pass the PACT Act. A number  [[Page S6644]]  of our more conservative colleagues said it cost too much. They never  say it costs too much to send people to war. It only costs too much to  take care of the men and women who have served us in providing  healthcare at the CBOC in Mansfield or the VA in Dayton or the VA in  Cleveland.   We took this year a long overdue step to pass the PACT Act. We  secured the most comprehensive--the single-most comprehensive benefit  expansion for veterans in our Nation's history.   Some of you in this body remember, with Agent Orange, at the  beginning, to get Agent Orange benefits you had to prove that you got  sick because of the exposure to Agent Orange, and some veterans had to  hire lawyers, and it just didn't make sense.   Well, we learned the lessons from Agent Orange in the PACT Act. When  President Biden signed this bill he delineated--we delineated--23  illnesses, mostly bronchial and cancers--bronchial illnesses and  cancers. And if you as a veteran who served in Iraq or Afghanistan or,  you know, in some other theaters, if you had one of those illnesses,  you could get treatment at the Zanesville CBOC or the Chillicothe VA or  the Cincinnati VA.   It means now that post-9/11 combat veterans are now eligible for this  VA care. It means we also expanded coverage for veterans exposed to  Agent Orange and for those exposed to burn pits and other toxins.   It means if you are exposed to toxins while serving your country, you  get the benefits you have earned--period, no exceptions.   We couldn't have done it without the lessons of Agent Orange and the  activism of our servicemembers and families.   I have spent much of the last 6 weeks doing roundtables of 6, 8, 10,  a dozen veterans, in rural communities and cities alike in my State,  and most of them weren't yet aware of what this bill meant. It does  mean that if they have any one of these illnesses and they were exposed  to these burn pits--these football field-size burn pits that burn  everything from industrial waste to tires to computers to human waste  to who knows what--if they were exposed, then they got the help that  they have earned.   I encourage all veterans to go to va.gov/pact--p-a-c-t--to find out  more about the law and see what benefits you may be eligible for.   This is just the start of veterans finally, finally, finally getting  the help of a grateful nation.   This bill came to my attention about 5 years ago. This problem came  to my attention. A woman from Sandusky, OH, told me about her son-in- law, who was healthy, a distance runner, until about a year earlier,  and he was diagnosed with a bronchial illness and then a cancer--a rare  cancer, but a cancer that was recognizable to VA doctors.   He has since passed away. His name is Heath Robinson. We named this  bill that Senator Tester worked so hard on and Senator Moran, a  Republican and a Democrat--they worked so hard on it to make sure it  was enacted into law.   Again, I urge veterans to go to va.gov/pact to find out more about  the law.   Earlier this month, the VA and the Department of Housing and Urban  Development announced an 11-percent drop in veterans' homelessness over  the last 2 years, in part because of the work of this new President and  this new Senate and the work we are doing with the VA.   It is progress. We have more work to do. I will continue to travel  across Ohio and to hold roundtables with veterans to talk about the  PACT Act. I am going to keep talking to veterans around the State.   With my colleagues in the Senate and with members of the Veterans  Affairs Committee, we will continue fighting so every veteran has the  benefits they deserve.   We will never forget the debt we owe. We are humbled by their  commitment to service. And you can't talk about veterans without  thanking the military families--the families of Heath Robinson--the  family of Heath Robinson, who fought to make sure he got those  benefits. And his legacy--in spite of his tragic death, his legacy of  helping veterans will move on.   It was the county veterans service officers. Ohio is lucky. Most  States don't have this. We have a veterans service organization, a  commission in every one of the 88 counties, so that there are at least  2 employees--and in some cases 50, in the largest counties--who take  care of veterans who have all kinds of issues and problems. So for our  veterans service officers and then all the veteran service  organizations, like the VFW and the DAV and the American Legion and the  Polish-American Veterans, and so many others who work every day to  support veterans and their families, we honor their sacrifice.   This bill happened because of the activism of veterans' families,  because of the veteran service organizations, and this body recommits-- as Senator Merkley does, I know, and the Presiding Officer recommit--to  fighting for veterans, fighting for military families.   On behalf of a grateful nation, thank you for your service.   