 Mr. President, I rise tonight to urge my colleagues to  support the Omnibus appropriations bill before us.   The bill represents a massive bipartisan effort that rests upon a  framework that preserves all legacy riders, rejects poison pill policy  provisions from both sides, and achieves dollar-for-dollar funding  parity for defense and nondefense increases.   As political compromise has become more and more difficult here,  great credit, I believe, belongs to Chairman Leahy for making the tough  choices that needed to be made and showing leadership to reach this  agreement tonight.  [[Page S1108]]    The senior Senator from Vermont, who also serves this body as the  President pro tempore, has accomplished many things in his long and his  distinguished career. Each and every one of these accomplishments were  made possible by his unparalleled ability to get things done, and this  bill needed to get done.   Because the international security situation demands a greater  emphasis on and investment in our national defense, this omnibus bill  provides $782 billion for the Department of Defense and for other  defense functions; $4 billion more than the level authorized by the  National Defense Authorization Act; $30 billion more than President  Biden's budget request; and nearly $42 billion more than 2021.   The bill also provides an 11-percent increase over fiscal year 2021  for the Department of Homeland Security, including $6.5 billion for  much needed investments in border security resources and a 7-percent  increase for ICE operations. Critically, the package restores $2  billion in funding for wall construction on the southwest border.   The bill also cuts nearly $65 billion in wasteful nondefense spending  proposed in the Biden administration's budget--a nearly 10-percent  decrease from the requested level.   Finally, the package also provides critical emergency assistance to  our military, to Ukraine, and to our European allies, without reducing  base defense spending by a single dollar.   Is an omnibus appropriations bill ideal? I will tell you tonight, the  answer is, no, it is not, but at this critical time and this late date,  it is necessary.   My hope is that we can pass this bill and use the same framework that  made this bill possible as we begin the 2023 appropriations process.   I have no illusions that once again it will not be a difficult  process. It will be. I know that our chairman can get it done, and I  look forward to continuing to work with Senator Leahy and the  Appropriations staff--and with him one last time for both of us.   Before I complete my remarks, I would also like to recognize the  incredible--and it is incredible--effort put forward by the staff  members of both the Senate and House Appropriations Committees, as well  as the staff of the respective leaders' offices. Without them we  couldn't be where we are tonight. We asked them to do the impossible,  and they delivered as they always do. And on behalf of the entire  Senate, I want to thank them very, very much.    Madam President, I have got a minute here, and I hope I  won't use it all. Everybody wants to leave, and I understand.   But this has been a lot of work to put this omnibus together. I want  to thank  [[Page S1111]]  Senator Leahy, his staff, the Republican staff, and everything else.   This is a big improvement for defense. It is a big improvement for  homeland security. And I think we have talked about what is in it and  what is not, but I think overall it is something we should have done 6  months ago.   I urge my colleagues to support the omnibus.   