 Madam President, reserving the right to object, which I  most certainly will do, I will just address what the Senator from  Illinois said.   He said he has heard no explanation for why I am objecting to every  Department of Justice nominee moving forward on a fast-track basis.  That is false. He has heard my explanation repeatedly. He may not like  it, but he has heard it.   I am taking this stance on behalf of four brave U.S. marshals who  defended the Federal courthouse in Portland from leftwing street  militias associated with the BLM movement and antifa.   The summer of 2020 was part of riots all across our country, but in  Portland these riots were particularly dangerous. Marshals were  targeted with lasers to blind them, with ball bearings,  [[Page S741]]  with fireworks. There were efforts to barricade them inside the  courthouse and set it on fire to burn them alive. These marshals are  heroes, and they should be celebrated. Anyone who says they support law  enforcement should be defending these marshals.   Not surprisingly, leftwing activists and leftwing organizations, like  the ACLU, are coming to the defense of the leftwing street militia that  attacked these marshals, tried to burn down the Portland courthouse,  suing marshals on frivolous grounds.   Many of these marshals are being defended by the Department of  Justice, as is the Department of Justice's longstanding custom and  practice to either provide representation for its law enforcement  officers when they are sued in court or, if there is some conflict, to  reimburse them and pay their legal fees. Four marshals are not being  defended, though.   These four marshals are GS-11s, GS-13s. They have been serving our  country for a lifetime. Many of them are veterans, veterans of foreign  wars. They face financial bankruptcy and ruin because the Department of  Justice won't represent them; in many cases, won't even give them an  answer or explain why the representation was denied.   When I learned of this, I demanded answers. And the Department of  Justice had no answers. So if my colleagues think that I am going to  just roll out the red carpet for Department of Justice nominees to be  confirmed to politically connected positions, while GS-11s and GS-13s  are hung out to dry, they have another thing coming.   Now, some of you may say: Well, maybe there are investigations  underway. Maybe these officers engaged in misconduct. We don't know.  They won't give us answers. But here is what we do know: All four of  them--all four--are currently on unrestricted Active Duty--unrestricted  Active Duty.   And I would add, all four--all four--are in the Special Operations  Group for the Marshals Service, which means to say they are the  marshals who are most likely to be deployed nationwide and put in  circumstances that risk their lives and call for them to use violence,  to include lethal violence.   Now, I don't know the circumstances that led to the denial of  representation of these four marshals or why some of them are being  strung along, but I have to assume--I have to assume--that if they are  on unrestricted Active Duty in the Special Operations Group of the  Marshals Service, that Merrick Garland and Vanita Gupta can't have any  doubts about their fitness to serve or their actions for all those  weeks in Portland when they defended the courthouse from leftwing  street militias.   I understand my colleagues want to get their U.S. attorneys or their  U.S. marshals confirmed. Maybe there are people at Main Justice they  want to get confirmed as well. That is very simple. We could do it  today. We could hear from Merrick Garland or Vanita Gupta that they  will defend these four U.S. marshals in court or we could hear a  satisfactory answer of why they won't defend the marshals in court.   Is it because they were standing up to a leftwing street militia? Is  it because they were taking a stance to defend Federal property from  antifa? I don't know. We can't get an answer. Maybe my Democratic  colleagues could get an answer.   But to think that I am just going to roll over and allow the Senate  to fast-track nominees to the Department, when GS-11s and GS-13s, law  enforcement officials, are being hung up to dry--sorry.   These are people--and I have talked to them--who were worried about  buying Christmas gifts for their children last year because they had to  pay legal fees, who are worried about paying the mortgage next month,  who are worried about sending their kids to camp. Sorry if your lawyers  have to wait for a week or two to get confirmed to the U.S. attorney's  position. I am worried about four heroes who defended Federal property  from leftwing street militias.   So, yes, I do object.    Madam President, I am surprised to hear the Senator from  Illinois continue to refer to this as a political issue or a political  story when we have career law enforcement officers who put their lives  on the line to defend Federal property from leftwing street militias.  And they are worried if they can put the food on the table for their  children, if they can buy them gifts at Christmas, if they can put  braces on them, if they can send them to summer camp.   I don't consider that a political issue; I consider it standing up  for law enforcement--not just these four but every deputy marshal  around the country who forms the backbone of the Marshals Service, the  backbone of the Marshals Service all across the country, who have to  wonder if maybe they are going to be the next one to be hung out to dry  by the Department of Justice if they confront a rioter with the wrong  politics.   This is not a political issue.   Now, the Senator from Illinois continues to speak about  confidentiality and attorney-client privilege as if this is all  information that has been communicated to these four marshals and they  just don't want to share it with us here in the Senate. That is not the  case. Three of them, I would say, haven't heard anything. In a lawsuit  that is almost 18 months old, they have been told nothing yet. That is  why they have had to go out and retain their own counsel.   One of them was denied representation with no more basis than saying  it is not in the interest of the United States of America. Well,  forgive me if I don't trust Vanita Gupta to determine what is in the  interest of the United States when it comes to defending law  enforcement.   These marshals are told that these determinations are final and there  is no appeal and there is no recourse. Well, I am the recourse now.   The Senator from Illinois keeps talking about these urgent law  enforcement needs in his own State of Illinois. I would point out that  the position that is empty has been empty since 2018. If it was so  urgent, the Senator from Illinois could have cooperated with the Trump  administration and tried to fill it then. These U.S. attorney positions  that are empty--President Biden fired all U.S. attorneys a year ago. If  it was so urgent to have Senate-confirmed U.S. attorneys in position,  he could have asked them to continue to serve until he was able to find  suitable replacements.   The Senator from Illinois also said: Well, Senator Cotton got his  letter responded to. I am not looking for some courtesy exchange of  letters here; I am trying to protect four U.S. marshals who defended  the Portland courthouse from a leftwing street militia, who have been  hung out to dry, imperiling the confidence of all marshals across the  country in whether or not their political leadership at the Department  of Justice will back them up when they are in a controversy. The  Department still won't answer that. They won't  [[Page S743]]  take any steps to answer it. They simply hide behind confidentiality  and privilege just like they are hiding behind it with these four U.S.  marshals--after 18 months.   What is so complicated? As the Senator from Illinois said, they are  representing 70 others. What makes these four so different? Maybe they  engaged in misconduct. Is that possible given the fact that they are  all on unrestricted active duty in the Special Operations Group, the  element of the marshals most likely to have to use violence, to include  lethal violence? Would Merrick Garland and Vanita Gupta really send  them back out on the streets if they had engaged in misconduct in  Portland?   These marshals deserve better, and they could get better if the  Department of Justice would just agree to represent them or if they  would give a satisfactory, fact-based answer about why they are not  representing them. Maybe some of my Democratic colleagues could call  Merrick Garland or Vanita Gupta and ask them for such an answer or  maybe just call them and say: Why don't you represent these four  marshals? That seems like the obvious, satisfactory outcome for  everyone here: U.S. marshals are represented in court, as they should  be, and we can go back to fast-tracking Department of Justice nominees.  But until we get to that outcome, we won't be fast-tracking Department  nominees because I will continue to stand up for these brave men of law  enforcement who deserve better from this Department of Justice.    Madam President, I feel like we are ships passing in the  night here. I could go on and on about the exploits of these deputy  marshals when they were Rangers and Green Berets and what they did in  combat. But my Democratic colleagues aren't getting the heart of the  matter: why they are being denied representation for defending the  courthouse in Portland.   So I will direct a question to the Senator from Minnesota through the  Chair: Does she believe that these four U.S. marshals should be  represented in court like all other marshals are being represented?    Madam President, again, I feel like we are ships passing  in the night, not getting to the point here. So I will address a  question to the junior Senator through the Chair, slightly differently  than when I spoke to the Senator from Minnesota.   If officers are returned to unrestricted Active Duty on the Special  Operations Group, does the Senator believe that they should be  represented for past incidents of alleged misuse of force?    Unfortunately, they don't have any information to  divulge. That is part of my point. The Department of Justice won't tell  them why they are not being represented.    If that is a question for me, I reject the premise of  your question. I am not harming law enforcement; I am standing up for  law enforcement.   Once again, if you deny four U.S. marshals legal representation  because they stood up to leftwing street militias--which may be  unpopular in certain quarters of your party--then you cause every  marshal across the country and, for that matter, every law enforcement  official across the country to doubt whether their political superiors  are going to defend them in the future.   Look, if you want to have a broader debate about law enforcement, I  can, but we are going to be here for a long time.   It is your party that voted in lockstep for the FIRST STEP Act that  let thousands of violent felons back on the street who have now  committed innumerable violent crimes. It is your party that marched and  chanted in the streets for defunding the police. It is the Democratic  floor leader who blocked my resolution in the summer of 2020 to condemn  the ``defund the police'' movement. You all voted in lockstep to  confirm Vanita Gupta, the Associate Attorney General, who is  responsible ultimately for these decisions, even though I and other  Republicans cautioned you she would use her position to wage a war on  the police from the Department of Justice. That is what is happening  now.   I am standing up for law enforcement.    To respond to the Senator from Illinois, it is true that  President Trump signed the FIRST STEP Act. The FIRST STEP Act was the  worst mistake of the Trump administration. Yes, it is true that a  number of Republican Senators voted for it. They were wrong. They  didn't start demanding that we defund the police in the summer of 2020.  They condemned that. They stood up for law enforcement.   I yield the floor.    We keep hearing that this is unrelated, as if I am upset  with something the Coast Guard did or the Corps of Engineers wants to  improve some water project in Arkansas. These are Department of Justice  nominees, and right now, the Department of Justice is not standing up  for law enforcement officers by hanging these four marshals out to dry.  That is why I am not agreeing to fast-track these nominees. I am not  going to agree to fast-track political nominees while the Department of  Justice hangs out to dry career law enforcement officers.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, so contrary to what the Senator from  Ohio says, I am not offended by the lack of a letter or offended by  something someone said. I'm offended that four U.S. marshals--four U.S.  marshals had to decide whether they are going to have enough money to  buy Christmas gifts for their kids, pay their mortgage next month, put  braces on their kids, send them to summer camp because that is the  position that the Department of Justice has put them in.   To recap, four U.S. marshals were among dozens deployed to Portland  last summer to guard the courthouse from leftwing street militias. They  were targeted with blinding lasers, ball bearings, fireworks. There was  an effort to barricade them into the courthouse and set it afire to  burn them alive.   Now leftwing activists in leftwing organizations like the ACLU are  suing them, and the Department of Justice won't provide them  representation, won't even tell them why they are not providing them  representation.   Maybe they engaged in some kind of misconduct? Maybe it was excessive  force? That would be strange, because all four of these deputy marshals  are now back on unrestricted active duty with the special operations  group of the Marshal Service, the element most likely to be sent into  the most dangerous circumstances and have to use violence, including  lethal violence.   It would be pretty strange to send them back to the special  operations group with no restrictions if they engaged in some kind of  misconduct in Portland. That is what this is about and what it does to  undermine the faith and confidence of every career law enforcement  professional in the Department of Justice.   So, no, I will not agree to fast-track political nominees to the  Department when the Department leadership is hanging out to dry career  law enforcement officers.    No, I have not. But I know that the response that that  marshal received was that the denial of representation was not in the  interest of the United States. No more----    No more facts, no more explanation, just like the three  who are waiting for a determination and have been waiting for more than  a year do not have any fact-based explanation.    This is exactly the point. Privacy waiver or not, what  does it matter? Here is what we do know. Here is what we do know. That  none of these four know why they were denied representation or why they  haven't had a determination. We know that. And we know that they were  sent back on unrestricted active duty to the special operations group.   I think the Department of Justice political leadership owes these  brave law enforcement officers an answer before it hangs them out to  dry and exposes them to risk of financial ruin and bankruptcy.    I yield back.   