 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas, he has been the  consummate crusader on this issue. If not for him, this would even be  more ignored in Washington, D.C., than it is already. I just think  about a scant month ago--a month and a half ago or so--the President of  the United States stood right there and talked about securing the  border.   It is unfathomable to me. We used to not say lie in the world of  politics about your opponent or the other party, but I don't know what  else that is other than a lie. I come from Pennsylvania, we are not on  the border where Mr. Roy represents, where his communities and his  State is being completely overrun. Pennsylvania is far from the border.  We got Route 81. We got Route 83. The fentanyl comes up.    The President took an oath to faithfully discharge the laws of this  country, but just abrogating them. You just wonder who is he  representing? Whose citizens is he representing because the people in  my community, the people all across the country are dying at record  levels from drugs coming across the southern border, and nothing is  happening to stop it.   It is not only people coming here illegally and taking your jobs--all  these different languages that your school has to teach now. Somebody  is going to pay for that. Who can afford this? Whose job is it to  safeguard America? If it is not the President's job, whose job is it?  Chip Roy is trying.  Bob Good is trying.   We can't keep Title 42 in place. Even better yet, the question should  be: Why isn't Remain in Mexico in place? Seek asylum the correct way.  Stay in the first country you come to if you are indeed oppressed and  you are suffering political retribution for your beliefs or religious  persecution--the first country you come to.   The first country you come to when you travel through Mexico--when  you fly into Mexico from one of the other 160-190 countries on the  planet isn't the United States, it is Mexico. Yet, the President says  the border is open. These people aren't coming to the White House,  ladies and gentlemen, they are coming to your house. They are coming to  your community. They are not going to Joe Biden's house in Delaware.  They are not coming to Pennsylvania Avenue. They are coming to your  house and your community and they are bringing the drugs with them,  human trafficking.   And for goodness sakes--your taxes--75 percent of the people on this  side of the aisle just supported more spending for this. You know what  it does?  Bob Good is right. You are not going see them all piled up  under the bridge in Del Rio because we are going to hire more people to  move them more efficiently into your town because they don't like that  look.   They are not hired to stop them, they are hired to more efficiently  have them come to your town and your community, including the people on  the terrorist watch list, criminals, the fentanyl, the human  trafficking coming to your town. Well, thank you, Mr. President.    That is right. And all we need is enough people to sign  it. Whether you are a Democrat or you are a Republican, these folks are  coming. The fentanyl is coming to your town. The overdoses are coming  to your town. All you have to do, if your leadership says: We refuse to  move this bill that the American people want, maintain this Title 42,  all you have to do is go down and sign that piece of paper,  [[Page H4069]]  and we can do it. Leadership can't hold us up.   But they don't want to do it, do they?    How many Democrats?    We are firing people who were on the front lines at the  beginning of the pandemic without it, where there was no vaccine  present, right?   They went out. They went out and risked their lives not knowing what  they were dealing with, and now unless they take the jab, now they are  out of work.    There are a few Senators. I think there are a few  Representatives who said so, too. They can put their money, so to  speak, where their mouth is. You can say it, but you can take some  action. Talk is cheap, right? Take some action and walk down there and  sign the paper. And once one does, maybe a few more will because their  constituents--their bosses, their citizens, and their communities--are  being wrecked, too.    Would the gentleman also agree that it is not only the  U.N. that your tax dollars are going for, actually in this body they  voted recently to pay for attorneys to go help those folks who came  across the border illegally navigate the system.    Now, you go try that. You go break the law wantonly and then appeal  to your Federal Government to pay for your attorney to get around the  law that you just broke wantonly.    Indeed.    What about the rape trees?   We have been to the border. We have seen the little shoes all stacked  up at the border. These are little children. And Representative Roy is  absolutely right, as trophies, can you imagine little girls, or  somebody's--anybody's--little girls, little girl panties hanging from a  tree as a trophy?   This is what our colleagues on the other side of the aisle refuse to  acknowledge, like it is not happening, like it has never happened. But  it is happening every single day. Somebody--somebody--has got to do  something about it.    This hour.   