 Mr. President, American aviation--something we care about  greatly in Kansas but across the country--it is entering a new era of  innovation and of growth. Industry and government in this circumstance  need to work together to make certain the United States stays  competitive and remains the leader in this arena.   In today's technology and research and development, there are  unmanned vehicles. They are autonomous. They will be flying passengers  and cargo from point to point in the United States.   These vehicles will take off vertically and land vertically, and it  is important for us to begin the preparation for that development in  our airspace, at our airports, in our communities, and across the  country.   Bipartisan legislation, which I have introduced along with Senator  Sinema, the Advanced Air Mobility Coordination and Leadership Act, has  been waiting Senate approval for weeks.   This legislation would instruct the Secretary of the U.S. Department  of Transportation to lead a working group comprised of members of  various government Agencies and the civil aviation industry--a public- private effort.   Their objective would be for them to review the steps needed to  mature AAM past its initial operations, ensure a robust domestic supply  chain, identify current Federal policies that can be leveraged to  advance this industry.   I thank Senator Sinema for her help in moving this bill forward. It  has been approved by the Commerce Committee, and the advocacy groups  have been engaged in helping us develop the legislation and helping us  work its way through the committee and through the Senate.   I also thank a number of Kansans who have provided information and  support for this endeavor.   This legislation is crucial to ensuring the United States remains a  leader in the aviation sector for years to come, and I am anxious for  it to become law with the President's signature.   Therefore, as if in legislative session, I ask the Chair lay before  the Senate the message to accompany S. 516.    Mr. President, now I move to concur in the House  amendment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.   