 Madam Speaker, just this morning, we  learned that inflation rose 7 percent over the past year, the highest  rate since 1982. We have empty shelves, and we have unfilled jobs due  to the labor shortages across the country. Schools are shutting down  again, crime is soaring in our cities, and faith in our institutions is  in rapid decline.   What are Washington Democrats focused on? They want to blow up the  rules of Congress so they can pass their extremist agenda to federalize  local elections, legalize ballot harvesting,  [[Page H71]]  ban voter ID requirements, and fund their own campaigns with precious  taxpayer dollars. It is truly unbelievable to the people back home.   Chuck Schumer says this is a response to the 2020 election and the  State election laws passed in 2021. That is obviously not a true  statement, because the bill they are peddling was first introduced in  2019.   Joe Biden says it is to stave off the reemergence of a second Jim  Crow era in States like Texas and Georgia which passed election  integrity measures this year. But that is a ridiculous charge.  Literally, it is the opposite of the facts that any person can verify  with a single internet search.   The truth is, Georgia's law has more days of early, in-person voting  than Joe Biden's own home State of Delaware.   The 2020 election saw the highest turnout of voters in 120 years, and  according to the Pew Research Center, 94 percent of Americans agree it  is ``easy to vote.''   There is no widespread voter suppression in this country, and  everybody knows it. In fact, voter registration disparities between  minority and nonminority voters in States like Texas, Florida, North  Carolina, Mississippi, and Louisiana are below the national average and  lower than Democrat-run States like New York, California, and Delaware.  Those are the facts.   For Democrats, the only problem they are seeking to solve is the  problem of how to secure for themselves more votes.   We have heard in New York, Democrats recently voted to allow foreign  citizens to vote in American elections. You heard it right. It is a  blatantly unconstitutional scheme that defies the most basic rule of  our system. Seventh grade civics: American elections should be decided  by American citizens. New York's ridiculous new law has been challenged  in court. We don't know what the outcome of that is going to be, but we  can all take a stand here tonight to reaffirm to the people of this  great Nation that their legally cast votes will not be watered down and  negated by the ballots of noncitizens.   Madam Speaker, if the previous question is defeated, Republicans will  amend the rule to provide for consideration of a resolution that  acknowledges this simple truth: Allowing illegal immigrants and  noncitizens the right to vote devalues the franchise and diminishes the  voting power of United States citizens.   We all have an opportunity to go on record right here tonight to make  our positions on that issue clear. I urge my colleagues to reaffirm the  rights of U.S. citizens and vote ``no'' on the previous question.   