 Madam President, I rise to talk about a piece of  legislation that was announced last night by a very close friend of  mine, Senator Manchin of West Virginia--the Energy Independence and  Security Act of 2022. Senator Manchin and I were Governors together,  and we sit next to each other on the Senate floor. And we are often in  agreement. And on this particular bill--it is 91 pages long, and there  are 24 sections--we are in agreement on 23 of the 24 sections and 86 of  the 91 pages.   I want to talk about the permitting reform provisions in the bill  that I support, but then I want to point out significant concerns with  section 24 of the bill that is sort of an anti-permitting reform bill.  It would take one project that is in my State, the Mountain Valley  Pipeline, out of permitting processes, out of judicial review, and have  Congress put our thumb on the scale, advancing the project immune from  the normal permitting process and judicial review.   I would like to start by saying I am a strong supporter of American  energy independence, and I applaud the efforts of my colleague Senator  Manchin to do the same.   I voted with a number of Senators a few years ago to end the ban on  export of crude oil from the United States. And I have strongly  supported liquefied natural gas exports to help nations around the  world wean themselves off of energy dependence on dictators like  Vladimir Putin.   I also firmly believe in the need for permitting reform. The heart of  the Energy Independence and Security Act is a recognition that  permitting for energy transmission and other projects in this country  is essentially broken; that it takes too long. It is too inconsistent.   I filed my first permitting reform bill in 2017 as a recognition of  the fact that natural gas pipelines proposed in Virginia were running  into very significant challenges, in particular. These pipeline  programs require the use of eminent domain. So you are taking people's  property to build these pipeline projects. And if the government is  going to take people's property, we ought to have a process that is  fair.   But what I heard from my constituents in Virginia is that they were  being ignored; that there was inadequate public hearing. The hearings  were scheduled hundreds of miles apart, far away from the landowners  themselves. They would get to the public hearings and people had  presigned up, often encouraged by the pipeline proponent so that the  actual landowners never got a chance to speak. And when they did get to  speak, their input wasn't being taken seriously.   So, in 2017, I introduced my first permitting reform bill to deal  exactly with some of the same kinds of issues that Senator Manchin has  included in the Energy Independence and Security Act.   So I am here to say, I am all for permitting reform. I am all for  permitting reform. And I believe that there is a bipartisan majority-- indeed, a supermajority in this body--that were we to undertake this in  regular order, we could come up with a permitting reform bill that,  together with the infrastructure bill that we did and the Inflation  Reduction Act that we did, will help us power forward American  innovation, especially in leading the world in clean energy.   So that is 86 pages of the bill. And I strongly approve of the bill.  The legislation that I introduced in 2017 isn't in it. I would like to  get it added in. But even if it weren't added in, there is enough good  in this bill for me to support it.   But what I want to talk about with an equal degree of passion is my  strong opposition to section 24 of the bill, dealing with the Mountain  Valley Pipeline.   The Mountain Valley Pipeline is a 304-mile natural gas pipeline in  West Virginia and Virginia. About two-thirds of it is in West Virginia  and one-third is in Virginia. The pipeline is proposed to withdraw  natural gas from the Marcellus shale--one of the great American  reserves of natural gas--and then transmit that gas first through West  Virginia and then Virginia where it could hook up with other pipelines  to be distributed around the country or to ports where it could be  liquefied and potentially sold overseas.   The Mountain Valley Pipeline has had a star-crossed history in recent  years. It has had multiple Federal authorizations vacated. It has  accrued over 350 violations of water quality-related protections, both  in Virginia and in West Virginia. And it currently lacks several  necessary Federal authorizations to continue construction.   My constituents in Virginia have complained significantly about  workmanship problems in the Mountain Valley Pipeline. And work on the  pipeline has been stopped by State agencies because of slipshod quality  that damages water and that damages people's property.   I am not opposed to the Mountain Valley Pipeline. I don't think  Congress should be in the business of approving pipelines or rejecting  them.   Madam President, you were an attorney general dealing with eminent  domain. We generally don't let legislative bodies decide whose property  is going to get taken.   Eminent domain matters are usually for courts and administrative  agencies. So as the Mountain Valley Pipeline has  [[Page S4962]]  proceeded in recent years, I have had opponents of the pipeline come to  say: Look, there have been water quality violations. You should stop  the pipeline.   I have had proponents of the pipeline come and say: We need this for  America's energy security. You should put your thumb on the scale and  make sure it gets approved.   What I have told both the opponents and proponents of the Mountain  Valley Pipeline is: You tell me how to fix the process--the permitting  process--to make it fair, and I will do that. But then you should have  to put your project through a fair permitting process and, if you can  earn approval on the merits, then you can build the pipeline. But if  you do poor work and can't, then you are not going to be able to build  it.   I deeply believe this is not Congress's job to make this  determination. It is our job to make sure that permitting is fair.   Section 24 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2022 would  basically say that after 86 pages of improving permitting in this  country, we will take one project in two States and take it completely  out of all permitting. We will order the Biden administration to grant  four permits that are currently in midstream. The company hasn't yet  demonstrated that it should get these four permits.   There is a Clean Water Act permit. There is a permit to cross the  Jefferson National Forest. There is a permit to certify that this  project will not harm endangered species. And, finally, there is a  permit from FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The company  is attempting to get these permits, but they haven't yet demonstrated  that they are able to do it.   But what section 24 of the bill would do, after doing this great work  to establish this great permitting process, is that it would say:  Forget all of that. The Biden administration must give these four  permits to the Mountain Valley Pipeline owners right now, and, further,  no one can seek any judicial review of these permits--highly unusual.   These administrative permits are issued by administrative agencies  with a capacity for judicial review under the Administrative Procedure  Act. But in this case, we would be forced to issue the permit, and then  we would also immunize the permit from any person, landowner, effective  party, or environmental group being able to challenge it in judicial  review. In my view, that is highly inappropriate and virtually  unprecedented.   But to make matters worse, section 24 of the bill also does something  that I believe is unprecedented and that would create a very, very  dangerous precedent in this body. It would strip jurisdiction of any  litigation in the future in this project from the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Fourth Circuit, headquartered in Richmond, my hometown.   Why? The owners of the Mountain Valley Pipeline have lost a case or  two in the Fourth Circuit.   I used to try cases, as did the Presiding Officer. I lost some cases,  and I lost cases in the Fourth Circuit. If I represented a civil rights  litigant and we lost a case in the Fourth Circuit, I had remedies. The  first remedy was to try to get an en banc court to possibly reconsider  the ruling of the panel. It is difficult to do, but that is a remedy  you have.   The second remedy you have is to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. I  tried that too. Once, I got a case that I had lost in the Fourth  Circuit taken by the U.S. Supreme Court, and I was able to be  successful there in getting it reversed.   But if you are a party that is unhappy, that is what your remedy is,  to appeal. Whether you are rich or you are poor, whether you are a  corporation or an individual, whether it is a criminal case or a civil  case, if you don't like the ruling of a district court, you appeal to  an appellate court. If you don't like the ruling of an appellate court,  you try to take it en banc or go to the Supreme Court. And that is a  rule that should apply to all litigants.   In this case, what the Mountain Valley Pipeline is asking is, in my  view, an egregious and dramatic overreach. They don't like the rulings  of the Fourth Circuit. They haven't been able to get the Fourth Circuit  to take the case en banc. They haven't been able to convince the U.S.  Supreme Court that the Fourth Circuit was wrong.   So what the Mountain Valley Pipeline owners are asking the Senate to  do and what this bill proposes is that we would take jurisdiction away  from the Fourth Circuit and mandate that any future case not go to the  Fourth Circuit but instead come to the DC Court of Appeals.   What ground would there be for such a historic rebuke of my hometown  Federal circuit court, to say that just because they ruled against a  powerful energy corporation, we will, in an unprecedented way, strip  jurisdiction away from them in a pending case that is midstream and not  allow them to hear it?   The Fourth Circuit is my hometown circuit court. I tried cases in the  district courts there. I had appeals in that court. I won some; I lost  some. I was often unhappy with the ruling, but never would I have  believed, if a ruling went against me, that the resolution was to  punish the court by stripping jurisdiction away from them. Yet that is  what the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2022 would do. It  would force the issuance of permits that have not yet been justified,  deny the possibility of judicial review of those permits and, in  particular, in an unprecedented way, strip jurisdiction away from one  circuit court in the middle of a case by taking it away from them. Why?  Because the big energy company that wants these permits is unhappy that  they have lost a case there.   As I conclude, I just want to point out, if we go down this path, in  my view, it could open the door to serious abuse and even corruption.  Imagine if the Senate of the United States starts stripping  jurisdiction away from courts because we don't like their ruling. So  midstream, we will take it away.    A corporation is unhappy that they are getting sued in shareholder  derivative suits in the Second Circuit, for example, and somebody comes  to the Senate and says: Let's just take jurisdiction away from the  Second Circuit dealing with this particular company.   Somebody in a complicated criminal case doesn't like the rulings of a  circuit court on procedural matters and tries to get this body, the  Senate of the United States, to strip jurisdiction away from the court.   I am proud of the Fourth Circuit--the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Fourth Circuit. I have been involved with my colleague Senator Warner  in recommending to Presidents and then advocating for people to be  nominated and eventually confirmed in this court. The Fourth Circuit is  no more perfect than any court is.   I can tell you, as somebody who has practiced in this court for my  entire professional career, they do not deserve to be rebuked in a  historic way and have jurisdiction stripped away from them in a case  like this just because they have had the temerity to rule against an  energy company on a pipeline project.   We can do a permitting reform bill that will advance the goals of the  first 86 pages of the Energy Independence and Security Act. We can do a  bill that will include 23 of the 24 sections of the Energy Independence  and Security Act and have a much better permitting process that the  Mountain Valley Pipeline and anyone else wanting to do a project can  then go through.   If they demonstrate on the merits that they should be entitled to  build a pipeline or an electricity transmission, then build it, by all  means. But don't embrace the need for permitting reform and then choose  one project in the entire United States, affecting my State, and pull  it out of permitting reform, insulating it from the normal processes of  administrative permitting issuance and insulating it from judicial  review.   I yield the floor.   