 Madam President, I rise today to speak about the terrible  tragedy that befell the people of Burma 1 year ago today, when the  Tatmadaw, the Burmese military, reclaimed total power in the coup  d'etat of February 1, 2021. Since then, the military has waged a brutal  campaign against its own people, a people that has nonetheless stood up  to challenge the crackdown through civil disobedience, strikes, and  protests. And when that failed to move the junta, the people of Burma  have been forced to resort to military action against their oppressors.   Burma is a complex, polyglot society made up of many ethnic groups  and religious tradition. Yet the one thing that seems to have united a  wide cross-section of the Burmese people has been this violent rupture  of what for more than decade had been a fitful trend toward increasing  democratization. Today, the opposition to the military has galvanized  the people to such an extent that organized resistance has turned to  increasingly well-organized paramilitary action against the military  and its institutions of repression.   As authoritarianism grows around the world, we must work with like- minded nations to fight corruption, protect human rights, increase  transparency, and work with civil society to defend democracy and the  freedom of marginalized people around the world.   Throughout its independence, Burma's history has suffered decades of  repressive military rule and civil war with ethnic minority groups, and  what we are seeing today in Burma is no different.   The February 1 military coup and the capture of elected government  officials in Burma was a clear attack on the democratic process of free  and fair elections and the will of the Burmese people. This affront  poses a direct threat to the ongoing stability of the country, its  economy, and the health and welfare of its citizens. On the very same  day the newly elected Parliament was set to assume office, the Burmese  military, the Tatmadaw, staged a coup rather than see their grip on  power and corrupt gains threatened by the will of the Burmese people.   Since the coup took place, Burma's human rights situation has  deteriorated exponentially. The military has detained over 11,000  people for exercising their right to freedom of speech and assembly and  killed more than 1,400 civilians, including children. Fighting between  Myanmar's military and several ethnic armed groups continued, with  government forces committing increased abuses against ethnic Kachin,  Karen, Kayah, Chin, Rakhine, Rohingya, and Shan minority populations.  Military and police abuses were amplified with arbitrary arrests,  detention, torture, and killings in custody. These actions by the  military have driven hundreds of thousands from their homes and  thousands more to flee across Burma's borders into Thailand, India, and  Bangladesh.   We have also seen the Tatmadaw put the democratically elected  civilian leadership of Burma, including President Win Myint and State  Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, through sham trials for fabricated crimes  and sentenced them to lengthy prison terms in order to remove them from  political competition.   On February 4, just 3 days after the coup, I introduced this  resolution with Senator Young condemning the military's February 1  military coup. The resolution has been revised through amendments  offered by colleagues and updated to reflect recent events. It retains  the same essential message, calling for the immediate and unconditional  release of all those detained and for elected officials to be allowed  to resume their duties without impediment.   I was heartened to see President Biden take action through a series  of executive orders since last February. I am especially pleased to see  that the Biden administration has issued sanctions in coordination with  our allies. This is not something the U.S. should be acting on  unilaterally.   It is imperative that we move forward with a floor vote on this  resolution, and I am hopeful that we can do the same in the coming days  on the bill I introduced in October, the BURMA Act.   This important legislation authorizes the President to impose  sanctions on individuals and entities who helped stage the February 1  coup d'etat in Burma and are responsible for the subsequent repression  of fundamental freedoms, perpetuation of human rights abuses, use of  indiscriminate violence towards civilians, and other gross atrocities.   Additionally, the bill authorizes increased humanitarian assistance  for Rohingya refugees and provides support for civil society and  independent media; prohibits the import of gemstones from Burma into  the U.S.; calls for the United States to pressure the United Nations to  take more decisive action with regards to Burma; and requests a  genocide determination regarding the persecution of the Rohingya.   It is important for the international community to continue to  pressure the military junta to restore democracy for the people of  Burma. The behavior of the Tatmadaw has not and will not change without  concrete and robust actions from the international community to bring  justice, accountability, and restore democracy.   I remain committed to continuing to work with the Biden  administration and my colleagues in Congress to ensure that the U.S.  and international response to the military coup is coordinated and  targeted to have a strong impact on those responsible, while also  encouraging a peaceful transition of power back to the civilian  government. I continue to stand in solidarity with the people of Burma  and condemn the ongoing violence against them.   