 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in 2022, as America approaches its  semiquincentennial of the independence of our Nation, the United States  of America stands at a crossroads.   Disturbingly, since the January 6 insurrection of our Capitol which  sought to block the peaceful transfer of power after a free and fair  election, a growing number of Americans believes that violence against  government can be justified, according to recently polling. We have  witnessed a disturbing rise of threats against law enforcement  officials from various domestic violent extremist groups as well as  threats and intimidation against public officials, such as school board  officials and election workers, who are simply doing their jobs. We  must condemn acts of violence from all corners and prosecute  [[Page S7158]]  those who seek to harm public officials to the fullest extent of the  law.   We also witnessed the rise of election deniers in the 2022 midterm  elections who repeated the Big Lie that the 2020 election was stolen  and who pledged their loyalty to a particular candidate or ideology  instead of the rule of law.   We have seen a rise of violent actions--a rise of anti-Semitism, a  rise of hate crimes--and it is very much connected to the assault on  our democratic institutions. All of us must be defenders of the  democratic institutions, which are the bedrock of America.   As we saw in the 2020 elections, different interpretations of the  Electoral Count Act of 1887 can lead down a dangerous path, such as  when former President Donald Trump and his enablers attempted to  overthrow a free and fair election won by President Joe Biden, leading  to the January 6 insurrection at the Capitol. We were there. We were in  harm's way. We know exactly how violent that group of insurrectionists  was.   President Trump's latest outrage is to talk about suspending the  Constitution because he lost the election. Free and fair elections and  the peaceful transfer of power are fundamental to who we are as a  nation.   For this reason, several months ago, I joined a bipartisan working  group of, roughly, 20 Senators to make urgent changes to our  Presidential election processes. I am pleased that, in July of 2022,  our group reached a bipartisan agreement to modernize the Electoral  Count Act, ECA, of 1887 and to make other needed changes to improve the  Presidential transition process.   Our bipartisan working group's legislative proposal, the Electoral  Count Reform Act, clarifies the appropriate State and Federal roles in  selecting the President and Vice President of the United States. It  makes it easier for Congress to identify a single, conclusive slate of  electors from each State, in part, by requiring States to follow the  rules they set before the election when designating their electors.   We reiterate that the Vice President has a purely ceremonial function  in the mandatory joint session of Congress to count the electoral  votes. This was in direct response to President Trump's pressure  campaign against Vice President Mike Pence to throw out the electoral  votes from certain States, which enabled and led to the January 6  insurrection and attack on the Capitol.   We also increase the threshold needed to lodge objections against  electoral votes to lessen the chance of frivolous objections in the  future.   Our legislation also has a strong provision for expedited Federal  judicial review to resolve legal challenges more efficiently before the  electoral college meets to cast its votes.   I particularly want to thank Senators Susan Collins and Joe Manchin  for leading this effort as well as the other working group members:  Senators Portman, Sinema, Romney, Shaheen, Murkowski, Warner, Tillis,  Murphy, Capito, Young, Coons, and Sasse. This is how the Senate should  operate.   Our working group made several additional, useful recommendations as  part of the Presidential Transition Improvement Act and Enhanced  Election Security and Protection Act. This legislation would strengthen  Presidential transitions, improve the U.S. Postal Service's handling of  election mail, stiffen criminal penalties for those who threaten or  intimidate election officials, and reauthorize the Election Assistance  Commission.   The Election Assistance Commission helps administer grants to States  and provides the best practices for election officials in various  areas, including cyber security, election audits, and voting  accessibility.   I am pleased that the Senate Rules Committee promptly held a hearing  on our legislative proposal and that our legislation has been endorsed  by a broad and diverse coalition of public interest groups.   In particular, I want to thank Chair Klobuchar and Ranking Member  Blunt for making this proposal earlier this year and marking it up in  their committee. I am pleased that the Senate Rules and Administration  Committee reported out the legislation by an overwhelming bipartisan  vote of 14 to 1 in September 2022. The committee made improvements in  the legislation--again, that is how the process should work--under the  leadership of Senators Klobuchar and Blunt.   I am also pleased that the legislation has been cosponsored by our  leaders, Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell.   It is now time for the Senate to act. Our legislation, S. 4573, now  has a strong bipartisan mix of 37 cosponsors.   We must enact these reforms this month, before the 118th Congress  convenes in 2023. We all know that the Presidential election cycle  starts early, and we must make sure that this law is enacted before we  start in 2023.   As my dear friend the late Congressman John Lewis said, ``Democracy  is not a state. It is an act, and each generation must do its part.''   I urge every Marylander and American to get involved. Stand up for  our democratic system of government and the rule of law.   Congress should act now to make sure that the lawful and rightful  winner of the 2024 Presidential election is ultimately certified as the  winner by the States and Congress. We cannot fail in this solemn duty  to do everything we can to prevent another insurrection like we saw on  January 6. We showed how fragile our democracy really is. We have an  obligation to defend it together, as we continue our great American  experiment with a democratic republic that serves as a beacon of  freedom and human rights throughout the world.   With that, I yield the floor.   