 Mr. President, I feel grateful to have the chance here to  join my colleagues to mark the anniversary of January 6. I thank the  chair of the Rules Committee, Senator Klobuchar, for her leadership in  all of this.   We had an insurrection here a year ago that could have very easily  turned into a conflagration if it had not been for the incredible  bravery of the Capitol Police and the other law enforcement who were  summoned to the Capitol too late but nevertheless here. The National  Guard, as my colleague from Virginia was talking about, kept this place  from being burned down. They kept people from getting killed. They lost  their lives on that day and in subsequent days because of the trauma  that they were exposed to. They suffered racial epithets that nobody in  America should have to suffer, shouted in the halls of this Capitol--T- shirts with the most racist, holocaust-denying slogans on them.   And there are people here, as my colleague from Wisconsin said, who  were claiming that they were acting like tourists. That is a really big  lie too. This was an incredibly dangerous situation, and we were saved,  not just us but the staff all over this Capitol and everybody else.   I just heard somebody downstairs in the basement walking by, and they  were pointing out one of those pictures that is down there of newsboys  standing in front of the Capitol when they were kids. And the guy said:  Those were my great-uncles. Because this place and the people who work  here--not talking about the Senate but the people who work here who are  the staff whose grandparents worked here, whose great-uncles who are on  the pictures downstairs--to them, this was a family, and it was  attacked. It was assaulted on behalf of people who came summoned here  by the President, who claimed that the election had been stolen from  him, who was perpetrating a big lie about what had happened in the  election.   There shouldn't have even been a surprise about the results in the  election. There was little reason for suspense. And it is tragic that a  year later, we still have to come here and say Joe Biden won the  election--and he did by any fair study of what happened that day--on  election day. He won Arizona by 10,000 votes. He won Georgia by 11,000  votes. He won Wisconsin by 20,000 votes. He won Pennsylvania by 80,000  votes and Michigan by 150,000 votes. In every one of those swing  States, he won by more votes than Donald Trump won in his election  against Hillary Clinton. So this wasn't some razor-thin margin. This  margin was bigger in those States, except Arizona, than the margin that  Donald Trump had won when he won the election against Hillary Clinton.  Joe Biden won this election by 7 million votes.   Donald Trump actually lost the popular vote when he won the election  by 3 million votes. But his election wasn't seriously contended by  anybody, and it shouldn't have been because he had won the electoral  college, just as Joe Biden had won the electoral college. And he still  claims the election was stolen, even though there is no evidence that  that is true. His own Attorney General said it is a lie. His lawyers-- Donald Trump's lawyers--had been thrown out of more than 60 courtrooms  by State and Federal judges, some of them appointed by President Trump,  himself, saying that there was no evidence that there was fraud.   A year later, there has been another incredibly expensive audit or  review of the election--this time, the election in Georgia. Do you know  what? There were four people down there who were dead who voted--four  people. They didn't actually vote. They were dead, but people cast  ballots on behalf of them. Four people out of 5 million, and one of  those cast a vote for Donald Trump. But President Trump continues to  say that there were dead people voting all over the United States of  America.   The Associated Press did a review of all those swing States that I  was mentioning earlier, and they found that if you just looked at the  disputed ballots--so these aren't even fraudulent ballots because they  haven't been identified as fraudulent; they are just disputed ballots.  In all these cases, the disputed ballots came to about 1.5 percent of  the margin in any one of these races. In other words, in not a single  one of these swing States where there is a dispute that President Trump  has brought would it make a material difference, even if it were true  what he alleges, which it is not.   He has still doubled down on the Big Lie, and the result is, as my  colleagues have said here today, there are more than 400 bills  nationwide in the name of that Big Lie, making it harder for the  American people to vote, making it harder for them to register, making  it harder for people to vote early or to vote-by-mail because of a  myth, because of a lie.   Slashing the number of polling places and drop boxes. In Texas, they  are down to one drop box per county. In Colorado, I can practically  cross my street and vote at a drop box. This is an effort to subvert  elections to cling to power. That is what is happening  [[Page S70]]  here, and it is based on a massive falsehood, the Big Lie.   I think one needs to ask oneself, even people who support President  Trump: What future does the ``stop the steal'' movement imagine for our  country? What future do they imagine for this democracy--where every  election is going to be contested; where political violence replaces  the ballot box; where elections are decided by strongmen, not votes,  turning us into Russia or China.   Is that really what we want our legacy to be here in the country? Do  we want to be the first generation of Americans to decide that it is  just too hard to do our duty to the people who founded this country,  the people who fought from the time this country was founded until  today, who died for the sake of democracy; that it is just too hard;  that somehow our differences are unique or so important that we are  going to give up on our shared commitment to the democracy in favor of  those disagreements?   I think we need to ask ourselves at a moment like this what we owe  the generations of Americans that have fought to make this country more  democratic, more fair and more free. What do we owe the 158 million  Americans--a record--who showed up during a plague, this COVID  pandemic, to cast their votes for Donald Trump and for Joe Biden? What  are they owed and what do we owe our kids and our grandkids? I think  the answer is very clear, which is a stronger democracy and economy  that works for everybody, not just the people at the very top.   And where do we begin? You know, Colorado, I think, is a great  example where we have made it a lot easier for people to vote. We have  one of the highest voter turnouts in the country. I always have to say,  especially when the Senator from Minnesota is around, that we are No. 2  in terms of voter turnout. Minnesota is No. 1, but we are coming for  you. And that is the spirit we should all have. We should be trying to  get more people to vote, not fewer people to vote. We should have vote- by-mail. We should have early balloting. We have all of that in  Colorado and one of the highest turnout rates in the Country and no  fraud--no fraud.   I am going to just finish by saying we should distrust politicians  who can't seem to win people's votes with their argument, just as we  should distrust politicians who attack the free press to avoid  accountability, even though that free press is enshrined in our  Constitution. And we should recommit to each other and the democracy.   Let me tell you something, Mr. President. Last week, we had another  tragedy in Colorado, another disaster. Pueblo, CO--or Boulder, CO,  started out this year with a mass shooting in a grocery store. Some of  you may remember that. And, basically, on New Year's Eve, we had a  massive fire that ripped through neighborhoods in the Front Range of  Colorado in Boulder County. A thousand people--a thousand houses were  burned. More than 30,000 people lost their homes. I sat there thinking  to myself, as I was with my daughters watching those fires on the  television set, how much we actually need each other, you know? And  there is a lot of evidence out there in those 2 days that the law  enforcement who got those 30,000 people out had almost literally no  fatalities because of what they did and what they sacrificed.  Coloradans stepped up that night and said: You can come to my house. We  will put you up in my house. So out of those 30,000 people, there were  fewer than 300 people in a shelter that night.   The reporters, the journalists were out there long into the night  reporting on that fire so that people might have some sense of whether  their house had been lost or their house had been saved. Local county  officials have worked tirelessly after flood and after fire and after  natural disasters to come together to make sure that we build back  stronger, which we always do in Colorado--and even, let me say, the  Federal Government's contribution, the Federal Emergency Management  Agency--because if there is one reason that we should be one Nation  under God, it is for a natural disaster like the one that just occurred  in Colorado.   This is our choice: We either save this democracy, which I believe we  will, or we let it go. And it is going to be on us. If we let it go,  generations of Americans are going to indict us. If we save it, I think  they will celebrate the work we did here, just as we celebrate the work  of the people who came before us who made our country more democratic,  more fair, and more free.   With that, I yield the floor.   