 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Moran for his  comments. I didn't hear everything he had to say, but when I came in,  one of the things he said was we may not be the most important people  in this process. And he is 100 percent correct. We are simply the  conduit that was utilized to get this bill put into law.   There are way, way too many people to thank on this legislation, and  I am going to get to that. And I will forget a bunch of folks, and I  apologize right now.   But the truth is, we today, the U.S. Senate today, has the  opportunity to make history by passing the Sergeant First Class Heath  Robinson Honoring our Promise to Address Comprehensive Toxics--PACT-- Act.   This is not a new issue. Generations after generations of Americans  have gone to war backed by a promise that we made to them when they  signed up that we would care for them when they got home.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen in the case of toxic exposure. We  failed them.   This bill is about righting a wrong that has been ignored for just  way too damn long. It is about Will Thompson. It is about SFC Heath  Robinson. It is about every American who has lost their lives through  toxic exposures because of the duty that they have performed for this  country.   Sadly, it is too late to do right by Will and Heath and so many  others, but today, this body has a chance to do the right thing by  their families and future generations of our All-Volunteer military by  passing the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our PACT Act.   The days of ignoring the wounds from toxic exposure, wounds not seen  until years after those days are gone--conditions like hypertension and  MGUS found in veterans like Robert Hunter, a proud Montanan who served  in the Army as an engineering officer during the Vietnam war. Robert  was exposed to Agent Orange during his service and contracted MGUS  years later. He is one of the 66,000 veterans in Montana who would  become eligible for relief under this bill--not to mention every post- 9/11 veteran in this country who would automatically receive VA  healthcare. This includes more than 3.5 million post-9/11 combat  veterans exposed to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan.   This bill would also remove the burden of proof for 23 presumptive  conditions caused by military toxic exposures, from cancers to lung  disease, and it would codify a more transparent framework to establish  future presumptions of service connections to ensure future generations  of veterans are treated more fairly than the last. And probably, most  importantly, it will allow the VA to make the decisions on toxic  exposures instead of an act of Congress.   In short, the PACT Act will allow hundreds of thousands of veterans  across the country to access the VA care that they have been denied and  give them the benefits that they have earned. Make no mistake, the VA  will be given the tools it needs to hire more medical professionals and  claims processors, establish more healthcare facilities and improve  claims processing, ensuring we are meeting the needs of our veterans  today, tomorrow, and in the future.   The bottom line is this country is very capable of recognizing the  physical, obvious wounds of war--a lost limb, a chemical burn--and we  are taking the steps to recognize the mental wounds of war, but we  haven't been recognizing the toxic wounds of war, and that will end  today with the passage of this bill.   As chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee--and I have  said this many times to the veterans service organizations--I take my  cues from them, the veterans they represent. When I first introduced  the COST of War Act last year, together we set out with a clear goal, a  goal to right the wrongs of decades of inactions and failure--by us, by  our government--to provide all areas of toxic-exposed veterans the VA  care and benefits they need and that they have earned.   We knew this was the only way to do this--was to put forth a package  that took care of our past, present, and future veterans. I am  grateful--and I mean this because folks always talk about good friends  on the Senate floor. Sometimes, they mean it; sometimes, they don't. I  mean it. Thank you to my good friend Ranking Member Jerry Moran for  working with me, with the committee, for creating an environment so our  staffs could work together to create this new, bipartisan toxic  exposure strategy.   And for my colleagues on the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee,  particularly my friends like Senator John Boozman and Senator Sherrod  Brown, thank you.   I am thankful for the leadership of President Biden and VA Secretary  Denis McDonough, along with House Veterans' Affairs Committee Chairman  Takano, and so many, many others who are here today.   This bill is the legislation we envisioned when we set out to right  the wrongs of our toxic-exposed vets.   This bill recognizes the cost of war. It is the bill our veterans and  our families deserve and are counting on and cannot wait any longer  for. Veterans and veterans service organizations and advocates have  understood this for a long time. And they have been incredible partners  since the beginning, and I look forward to thanking each and every one  of them in the days and the weeks to come.   I want to speak directly to them now: I am grateful for your efforts.  I am grateful for your voices--for never taking your foot off the gas-- and continuing to push Members of Congress to simply do the right  thing.   I also want to acknowledge the countless hours put in by the staffs  from both sides of the aisle--and Senator Moran is exactly correct, we  take credit for their good work; and they do good work--staff from my  office, like staff director Tony McClain, as well as this guy right  here to my left, Simon Coon, Dahlia Melendrez, James Cho, Janko Mitric,  Tess Wrzesinski, Shauna Rust, Olya Voytovich, and Liz Timmons but also  folks across the aisle, like Lindsay Dearing, Jon Towers, Asher Allman,  Tom Brandt, Pat McGuigan, Michelle Dominguez, Dili Sundaramoorthy, and  Mike Jones.   Look, by sitting down in a bipartisan way to get this bill crafted,  we were able to have success and get the job done, and that is what the  folks who sent us here expect us to do. America's veterans and their  loved ones will be better off as a result of this work today, and the  result of that will make this country a better place.   There is always a cost of war, and that cost is never fully repaid  when the war ends. So I have got one question: Are we willing to show  these millions of veterans that we have their back, that the U.S.  Government has their back? Are we willing to admit that we didn't live  up to the promise of veterans like Will Thompson and Heath Robinson?   But the fact is, I believe today will show that we can put party  politics aside and honor America's bravest. We can honor the plea of  Heath's 8-year-old daughter Brielle to ``Fight for the heroes who  fought for our country and pass my dad's bill, the Sergeant First Class  Heath Robinson PACT Act.'' And we can begin settling our debts to  millions of other veterans and their families today.   The last thing is, what I am going to close with, that the work is  not over with, assuming this bill passes today.  [[Page S2991]]  The ranking member is 100 percent correct: We are going to have a lot  of oversight to do to make sure that the veterans get the healthcare  and the benefits that they have earned and that they deserve. That is  the congressional intent that we have with this bill. So oversight will  be critically important.   I yield the floor.   