 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question so that we can amend the rule to immediately consider H.R.  6858, the American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   As a direct result of President Biden's war on American energy,  average national gas prices have hit $5 per gallon. I don't know what  they are in Michigan. I know I pay more than $5 a gallon for diesel  fuel in South Carolina.   This is the worst energy crisis we have seen since 1973. Why we had  an energy crisis in the seventies was supply and demand. We had  lessening global supply and increased demand as the economy was  growing.   When will we learn?   The American people are feeling the pain directly due to the policies  of the Biden administration. This shouldn't come as any surprise to the  American people. It really doesn't because the President said during a  Presidential debate that he would phase out oil and gas production in  the United States, and that is exactly what they are doing. It is  costing moms and dads around the country, and Democrats are wondering  why gas prices are so high. It is unbelievable.   What is even more unbelievable is that President Biden killed  American energy at the same time green-lighting Vladimir Putin's Nord  Stream 2 project to allow Vladimir Putin to produce energy and sell it  to Europe. We can't do that here at home.   The logic of Joe Biden and the Democrats: kill American energy while  promoting energy development of tyrants in Russia, Iran, and Venezuela  is unbelievable.   It is simple. You are playing politics with this country's energy  crisis. Democrats want high gas prices so they can push their fallacy  of a utopian world of wind, solar, and EVs for all. Meanwhile, American  families are choosing between filling up their tank, feeding their  families, and not doing other things they are used to doing because  they are having to pay more at the pump.   Energy prices hurt low-income Americans the hardest. They are seeing  their savings erode in a volatile stock market. More of their paychecks  are going for basic commodities due to rampant high inflation, and they  are paying record-high prices nationwide to fuel their vehicles.   Energy Secretary Granholm's solution for high gas prices? Buy a  $55,000  [[Page H5502]]  electric vehicle. They can range up to $90,000.   How many American families can afford that?   Even the Biden administration knows that is a failed approach.   I saw a Democrat plan recently that we are going to use more of the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve to increase supply. Okay. You acknowledge  there is a supply-and-demand issue. They are currently tapping the SPR  at record levels to meet rising demand. The SPR fell to 538 billion  barrels just last month, and that is the lowest level since 1987.   Madam Speaker, that is a finite commodity that once we drain the SPR,  unless you produce more energy or buy oil from Iran, Venezuela, or  Russia to replenish it--it is not an infinite supply--what are you  going to do then?   What are we going to do then when that runs out?   If Americans want to blame someone for record-high gas prices, then  look no further than House Democrats who have already blocked  Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers' bill, the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act, six times. If Democrats block it today,  then it will be the seventh time they have blocked a commonsense piece  of legislation that is a Republican solution. Now, this bill will  approve the Keystone XL pipeline, remove all restrictions on LNG  exports, and restart oil and gas leasing on Federal lands and waters.   It is well past time for the Democrats to wake up and follow the  science, as they like to say. Stop putting special interest groups  before the American people.   Let's flip the switch. Let's support American energy and America  first policies. Let's support the American Energy Independence from  Russia Act to unleash American energy production and security. Let's  take the first step toward lowering gas prices for Americans and quit  playing games. We are going to release the SPR oil to increase supply  to lower the price at the pump because that is temporary, because once  that supply is used up, we are not going to have that to put back into  the market. Quit doing that.    Flip the switch, folks. Let's support American energy  independence.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so the  House can immediately consider this commonsense legislation by Cathy  McMorris Rodgers.   