 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  hosting this very important Special Order hour, it is a hard-pressed  thing and there is nothing more important that we can talk about right  now.   I rise tonight to use my voice in defense of the voiceless, the  unborn. Abortion has desensitized our Nation and I pray that the recent  Supreme Court ruling wakes up our country to the horrors that we have  visited upon our country's most vulnerable citizens whose lives have  been snuffed out by abortion.   By 12 weeks of age, a baby has fully formed arms, hands, fingers,  feet, and toes, a fully functional circulatory system and liver, and  the capacity to experience pain--all at the weight of just 1 ounce and  the length of 4 inches.   This is a miracle of God, and rather than stand in awe of it, some  lawmakers would rather disregard it as meaningless. Abortion is not  simply an elected medical procedure like getting your wisdom teeth  taken out. There is another person involved--another eternal soul whom  God created, loves, and sent his son, Jesus, to die for so that they  might live.   The Supreme Court finally rectified their unthinkable wrong from 50  years ago, when the court legislated from the bench with Roe v. Wade  and declared abortion a constitutional right grounded in a woman's  right to privacy--a jurisprudential move that was shaky, biased, and  flat wrong.   The United States is one of only eight countries in the world that  permit abortion after 20 weeks of gestation, which means that 95  percent of the countries on Earth think that we are dead wrong on  abortion. Now, as the Supreme Court has finally handed this decision  back to the States, Americans will get to decide for themselves how  abortion should be regulated.   It is easy to get caught up in the legislative language and forget  that the numbers involved in the abortion issue are actual human  beings. In the United States, 63.4 million people--Americans--have died  from abortion over the last 50 years.   To put that number into context, that is roughly the entire  population of the Midwest, which is estimated at 65 million people.  Think about that.   Would our country notice if the collective populations of Kansas,  Iowa, Missouri, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska,  Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and Wisconsin were wiped out  overnight? Would they miss these people?   That is the impact that abortion has had over the past 50 years.   I believe that life begins at conception, which is why I support  adoptions, foster care, and crisis pregnancy centers that work  tirelessly to care for mothers and their babies.   I take this moment to thank the pro-life movement at large in  American and I am standing with you and thanking God that Roe v. Wade  has finally been overturned.   