 Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the Coast Guard  Authorization Act of 2022, and I would like to thank the chairman and  the ranking member, also Mr. Carbajal and the minority team for putting  together a good piece of legislation.   This bipartisan legislation authorizes the U.S. Coast Guard, our  fifth national military service branch, for fiscal years 2022 and 2023.   We know the Coast Guard is critically important. We just heard that  here. This bill also goes beyond just the Coast Guard. It deals with  the Jones Act and something I have worked on for 13 years here, which  is Make It In America and how we can do that in our maritime industry.   In this bill, there are policies and proposals that include long  overdue language to close some egregious loopholes to the Jones Act  that would allow foreign vessels to undercut American-flagged vessels  operating in America's offshore environment and the intercontinental  shelf. This amendment, H.R. 6728, which is included in this bill, would  close that loophole so that those foreign-flagged vessels are held to  the very same high standards that American vessels have to hold to in  those same offshore waters.   A lot of this comes down to the new offshore wind industry that is  flourishing in the northeast and soon will be found in many other parts  of this Nation. Do you want those to be American jobs or do you want  those to be foreign jobs? The question is pretty simple. This bill, as  amended, would make sure that those ships and crews operating offshore  would have to meet the same high standards. They would have to be  certified that they know what they are doing, that they pass the  various background checks as American mariners must.   Now, if you want a wide open thing, then just forget it, but this  bill is there to protect American workers in the offshore wind  industry, the offshore oil industry, and further beyond that to the  general Jones Act fleet.   It is a good bill. There are other things in this bill that are good.  I had the great pleasure of working with our former colleague, Don  Young, on his Oil Spill Response Enhancement Act. We worked together on  that for several years. It is included in this bill, and it would  certainly be appropriate that that stay in this bill.   We are going to have always the normal trouble with the Senate. They  just seem to not understand all that they should, but this is a great  bill. I want to compliment all who worked on it. The minority teams did  excellent work. I thank them so very much. I see the coauthor of our  amendment, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), who has done good  work on this bill, has taken his position to carry on.   