 Mr. President, the Senate should absolutely support  the Freedom to Travel for Health Care Act.   Currently, abortion is banned in 10 States, with many more set to  follow--now, not in Colorado, where we acted strongly to support access  to reproductive care. Like other pro-choice States,  [[Page S3292]]  we are seeing a large influx of patients. Yet we have heard tragic  stories of women sleeping in their cars overnight outside of clinics,  after traveling hundreds of miles, as they wait for appointments.   After the Texas abortion ban took effect, one woman had her water  break at 19 weeks--actually, on her wedding day. She had moved up her  wedding day. The doctors recommended terminating her pregnancy to  protect her life, increase the possibility, the likelihood, she could  have children in the future. But it wasn't allowed in Texas, so she  flew to Colorado for emergency care. Her doctor had her make a plan for  this travel, make a plan in case she went into labor on the flight. The  plan was to sit near the bathroom.   That is what it will soon come to for women in half of America.  Without this legislation, a woman could face prosecution for traveling  across State lines. Let that sink in: Her choice would be possible jail  or probable death.    This bill will protect every woman's right to travel to seek  reproductive care--basic freedom. It would also protect doctors who  would practice in States like Colorado and protect them from  prosecution and lawsuits for helping out-of-State patients.   Fundamentally, as my fellow Senators have said, this is about  freedom. In this new post-Roe era, women can be forced into government- mandated pregnancies. States are stripping women of the freedom over  their bodies and their future. The least we should do is protect every  patient traveling to receive care that just a few weeks ago was  permitted nationwide.   Threatening millions of women and doctors with jail time for seeking  or providing reproductive healthcare would be a stain on this Nation. I  hope we can find 60 Senators to support this bill.   I yield the floor.   