 Madam Speaker, I oppose the previous  question so that we can, instead, consider the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act.   In recent weeks, we have all seen Europe struggle to navigate its  dependence on Russian energy. It is terrible to be beholden to, to be  dependent on an adversary. And so, like so many of my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle, I pushed to ban Russian energy imports into  this country, and I am grateful that we have done that.   But rather than look to other countries to fill that gap, we should  be looking here at home. The resources that we need for energy security  are already located right here. Now, yes, of course, renewables will  play an important role, but so will North American oil and gas.   The President made a terrible decision on day one to cancel the  Keystone XL project. But this bill will move us back in the right  direction by, once again, allowing the permitting and the leasing of  oil, gas, and mineral development on Federal lands and waters.   Developing a plan for that energy security, which this bill would  also do, to better utilize North American oil and gas, it would reduce  prices; it would increase energy security; and it would increase  national security as a result.   Now, of course my colleague on the other side of the aisle is right.  Passing this bill would not reduce energy prices overnight. But the  reality is, the second best time to plant a tree is today. The second  best time to make this kind of an investment in energy security would  be right now.   We did miss too much time. We lost too much time during the first  year of the Biden administration, but we can get it right now. And  doing that doesn't just bear security benefits, it is also cleaner.   Giving the world an opportunity to displace dirty Russian oil with 23  percent cleaner North American oil would save the equivalent of 100  million cars' worth of emissions. We can do that. Our stuff is cleaner.   And so, Madam Speaker, we know that we can build a cleaner, a better,  a safer energy future, and we can do it by focusing right here at home,  and that is what H.R. 6858 would do.   