 Madam President, I just wanted to add my congratulatory  remarks and thanks to Senator Shelby, the senior Senator from Alabama.  For me, he will always be the chairman. He has certainly been my  mentor, and I think the Senator from Missouri and others would say the  same thing. He has been our mentor on appropriations--in my case, for  12 years--and I would have to say, to me, it is amazing how well he  understands the process--of course, he has been at it for a while--how  well he understands the process, how well he works it.   The people he hires are so good. That is something we have to work  with as chairmen of the subcommittees, is our staff administrators as  well, and in working with Chairman Shelby, we are always going to get  just absolutely the very, very best people. So it wasn't just his staff  director for the full committee but the staff directors we had on the  subcommittee. I think the Senator from Missouri would back me up on  that. We were able to have such good people who really understood the  process very well also, and that is incredibly important in  appropriations because you have all these things that are authorized,  and then we have to figure out what to fund and how to fund, and not  only that but how to get those bills passed at the committee level and  ultimately passed across the floor. Of course, everybody has a  tremendous interest in what is in those appropriations bills. So it is  not just the process he understood so well and worked so well but his  understanding of people.   He wasn't the person who always talked, and he certainly wasn't  always the person, when he talked, who talked the longest. But I have  always believed that sometimes a person who can express a thought in  the most cogent way--in other words, express a full, complete thought  that is appropriate at the time and that actually makes the point in  the fewest number of words--actually shows the keenest intellect. Try  it sometime. Try saying as much as you can in terms of something  important and making a point in the fewest possible words. It truly  does take a keen mind.    The chairman not only had a keen mind for the policy in what needed  to be done but in also working with people. I think, maybe, that that  is something I appreciate even more. It is that, when you worked with  Chairman Shelby, he took the time to understand what was important to  you. Then, to the best of his ability, he would try to help you  accomplish that.   Now, if you kind of thought, Well, that is pretty good. I think I  will go back and try to get a few more things, sometimes he would have  to remind you that you have got to prioritize. He might remind you  with, boy, you are kind of pushing for a lot there. In that respect, it  gave you perspective. That is important too. That is important too.   Yet, for the things that really mattered and for the things that you  needed to get done, he really took the time to work and make it happen.  That might not have happened in one cycle. That might have been  something that he would have recognized as being, OK. I get it. This is  important to you, and we, maybe, can't chop that tree down with one  swing at the ax, but do you know what? We will keep working on this. I  will work with you on it. I will mentor you on it, and we will get that  done.   He gave you the confidence that it actually would happen because you  knew he was going to stick there with you. I guess, in return, you  know, you had to try to make sure you were doing your part.   In that respect, that would be the one other part I would mention. He  also understood there were times that you could accomplish and do what  he wanted you to do and vote with him and that you probably should, but  then he also recognized there were times when you couldn't, and he  accepted that. I think that takes an awful lot, too, because there are  a lot of type A personalities around here, and it can get a little  demanding once in a while.   I think he understood both the leadership and the idea of, OK, let's  get something done, but then also sometimes understanding that you had  to make a decision that might not be exactly what he wanted in that  situation and accept it.   I guess the final point I would make is--I really like sports. I have  always enjoyed sports. Now that I am an old guy, all I get to do is  watch them anymore, but Senator-Chairman Shelby likes sports too.  Anyone who knows him pretty well knows that he is somewhat partial to  the Tide. He is kind of an Alabama fan. Now, that might be because he  played football for Alabama. I don't know how many know it, but back in  the day of Bart Starr, who, obviously, was an incredible football hero  for the Green Bay Packers, I remember, as a kid, watching him win the  first two Super Bowls with the Green Bay Packers against the Chiefs and  the Raiders. So, when I got here and found out that Chairman Shelby had  been a tight end on the Alabama team where Bart Starr was the  quarterback, I thought, Wow, that is pretty cool. As a result of that,  I think I always looked to talk to him about sports. I would talk about  the North Dakota State Bison football team. Not surprisingly, he would  talk about his beloved Alabama football team.   I have to say, you know, probably most people when they watch the  Tide  [[Page S7177]]  play--and that seems to be pretty frequently--you know, for a national  championship or in important games, they think of Bear Bryant, Coach  Bryant--the coach--and how he kind of got the whole Alabama football  dynasty going. That is another thing that is interesting; that Chairman  Shelby knew Bear Bryant and worked with some of Bear Bryant's other  really great players, like Joe Namath and a few others.    So I loved hearing those stories. I have to tell you that, not only  now but for as long as I am around, I will always take an abiding  interest in watching the Alabama football team play.   Most people probably think, you know, when they think about icons and  are watching the Alabama football game and go, ``Oh, yes, that Bear  Bryant, didn't he start something amazing? Isn't that an amazing  dynasty?''--oh, I have got to do one quick story, and that is we like  to kid the chairman.   One year, Alabama had a particularly good football team, and a story  we were kind of teasing him about was, Hey, did you see the new  football rankings that came out for college football?   You know, we would say: Well, who was No. 1?   He would say: Well, Alabama, of course.   They would say: Well, then, who was No. 2?   Well, Alabama's second string.   Then we would say: Ah, that is good. How about No. 3?   Well, that is Clemson--or somebody else.   We would say: OK. Well, how about No. 4?   Well, that is Alabama's third string.   So we would like to tease and have fun.   But whenever I watch the Alabama football games now, it is not only  about Bear Bryant; I think about Chairman Shelby. I think about all of  the amazing things that he has done in Congress, in the House and in  the Senate, not only for Alabama--and he has done quite a few good  things for Alabama, but he has done an awful lot of good things for  this country. I think, where the rubber really hits the road on so many  of these things when legislation gets authorized, whether it is defense  or anything else, it has got to be funded.   So, if you really look back at the length of this gentleman's career  in the House and in the Senate and at what he has actually done and at  all of the things that he has been a part of and been involved with, it  is monumental. It is iconic. It is a big, big deal, and we are going to  miss him a lot.   I just want to say thank you to Senator Shelby and to his wonderful,  beautiful, classy wife, Annette, from both myself and my wife, Mikey.  It has been great working with him. I hope we will see a lot of him in  the future.   Congratulations on just an incredible career in the U.S. Congress and  U.S. Senate.   Thank you, Mr. Chairman.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   