 Madam President, if this body were to look at the tests  and the homework, the quizzes, and the essays of the Department of  Homeland Security and give them a grade based on their performance for  the last year and a half, what would the grade be?   DHS says they have six missions, and they detail out those missions.  One of those missions reads: Secure U.S. borders and approaches. Then  they give this little piece behind it to describe that.   The Department of Homeland Security secures the Nation's air, land,  and sea borders to prevent illegal activity while facilitating lawful  travel and trade. What would their grade be on that? And is anyone  going to hold them to account for their grade or is this body going to  continue to just ignore what is happening on the southern border?   It is the role, it is the task, it is the responsibility of the  Department of Homeland Security to help secure our Nation, but this  Department is currently facilitating illegal immigration, not stopping  illegal immigration.   I wish I was wrong on that, but I am not. In fact, as recent as the  last 2 weeks, I met with DHS leadership who described to me the new  method they have laid out so you can apply for asylum, come to the  United States and come to any airport in the country. So you wouldn't  have to come through the southern border; you would just come in. But  it would be the same process as what is happening on the southern  border where people from 150 countries just this year have crossed our  border. They have been checked in by Border Patrol, who know full well  they are not legally present here. Then they are released into the  country and given 8 years until their hearing--8 years.   Instead of responding to be able to slow down the more than 2 million  people who have illegally crossed in just the last year, this  administration is actually working to say it is actually not enough  people. They are increasing the access points to increase the number of  people rather than decrease.   The administration was proud to be able to say in May and in June  that the numbers went down slightly from what they were in the previous  months. The problem with that is, the previous month was a record, and  so was the month before that. If you look at just the June number that,  yes, was slightly down from May, it is still the highest June ever  recorded by the administration.   We are being overwhelmed with the number of people coming in  illegally across our border. The administration is currently releasing  people, and their sole focus seems to be on making illegal immigration  more efficient rather than more enforced.   What grade would you give DHS? A more specific question: Mr.  President, do you want to stop illegal immigration? Because I don't  think you do. And I think it is clear that the policies you put in  place are directly leading to this record influx of illegal immigration  from all over the world.   I wish you could even say: Well, at least we vetted them, but I know  that is not true, and so do you. Not a single one of these people  entering the country has their criminal background check from the  country they are from. We are doing a quick fingerprint analysis to see  if they have committed a crime here, but we have no idea of the 150  countries-plus that they are coming from because right now the goal is  not to check their criminal history; it is to get them released in the  country within 8 hours. Keep it moving. Keep it moving. You don't want  to have a clog up at the border. When they cross the border, the goal  is to just keep them moving into the country.   Last weekend, I spent the weekend again at our southern border.  Serving on the Homeland Security Committee, I spend a lot of time back  and forth across that border to be able to evaluate what is happening  now because it changes from week to week.   I was in the Rio Grande Valley last weekend spending time with CBP,  the Border Patrol, individuals from Air and Marine Operations, from the  Department of DPS in Texas, from the National Guard. All of them  expressed incredible frustration.   When I got there last Thursday night late, we went on a midnight  patrol with Border Patrol. Literally within minutes, we ran through our  first group of folks coming across the border, a group of teenagers.  Minutes later, literally while that group was being processed, another  group was interdicted coming across the border not far away. This time  it was 6- and 7-year-old children and a couple of families. While we  watched them being processed, they called us on the radio and said that  about 2 miles down, they just picked up another group. This time, it  was adults, including one pregnant lady who was deep into her eighth  month coming across the border to make sure she delivered here in the  United States.   One hundred fifty-plus countries just this year are crossing the  border because it is open.   I hear the Secretary of DHS say they have secured the border. As I  just came from the border, I wonder when the President of the United  States is going to actually go to the border to be able to see what is  actually happening on the border and the policies they put in place,  because so far the President has been able to make it to Saudi Arabia  but has not been able to make it to our own southern border to even  look once at what is happening on our southern border.   If he goes--someday, I hope--I hope he meets with Border Patrol  because the Border Patrol agents I talk to tell me about a time when  the border was secure. They tell me about a time not long ago that we  added forcible borders and where the policy wasn't to release within  hours and the enforcement priority wasn't to get them moving as fast as  possible; it was to actually secure the border.   You could meet with the landowners, like I did last weekend, who live  in that area. Some of them have lived there for generations, and they  are absolutely furious because although they have lived there--and  their family--for generations, they have never ever experienced this.   They tell me about how, when they were children, they used to play in  this area, and now literally they will not walk out their own door  without a firearm on their hip. They told me about multiple vehicles  being stolen from their property, windows being smashed at all hours of  the day and night, and people walking up to their windows and peering  inside.   One rancher told me about his wife, who is pregnant, and his child,  who is 2--how they literally fear for their lives every day because of  the number of people who are coming across their property and for him  personally, the number of dead bodies that they found on their property  just this year. This wasn't happening before.   They had a very simple request. Their simple request was: I am an  American. Why does my property not count? Why do my rights not count?   The only rights that seem to count are people who are illegally  crossing the border. Their rights seem to count, but the rights of  Americans do not.   Mr. President, would you be willing to answer his question? Would you  be willing to talk to his wife and explain to her why there are bodies  on their ranch and people are peering in their windows at all hours and  they can't live in safety on their own ranch? That was different just 3  years ago. Would you be willing to explain to them what has changed in  your policies, because the goal of this administration seems to be  efficient movement of illegal immigration, not stopping illegal  immigration.   I met this Monday with leadership from the Oklahoma Bureau of  Narcotics, who explained to me about the  [[Page S3525]]  overwhelming amount of methamphetamine that is coming into my State and  the number of people who are dying in my State because much of the meth  is laced with fentanyl, and it is killing people in my State.   I asked them if the meth is being cooked in Oklahoma, as it used to  be, and they said: No, we hardly ever find a lab making meth anymore.  It is all coming from Mexico--all of it.   Mexican cartels are actively working in my State to distribute  methamphetamine, partnering with Chinese groups who are doing not only  the supplies but the distribution network in my State.   When I was in the Rio Grande Valley this weekend, individuals with  Customs and Border Protection showed me the numbers. Just this year,  just in the Rio Grande Valley, 144 pounds of fentanyl has come in and  27,550 pounds of meth that they have interdicted just in the Rio Grande  Valley just this year. Let me run that past you again: 27,550 pounds  just in that one area, just this year.   Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics has explained to me that if you go back  to 2020, we didn't have the drugs moving this way because the border  was not open at that time. Now the drugs are flooding into our State  because the border is open.   What grade would you give the Department of Homeland Security when  they are allowing our country to be flooded with drugs, when they are  choosing to make illegal immigration more efficient rather than  stopping illegal immigration? What grade would you give them?   When is this going to change?   I have to tell you, I believe one of the main roles of the Department  of Homeland Security is to be able to shut down transnational criminal  organizations from functioning inside my State, but instead, just in  the Rio Grande Valley, when I talked to them this week, just in that  one sector, they estimate that the cartels make $153 million a week-- $153 million a week just in that area of the Rio Grande Valley, moving  people across the border illegally, because each of them has to pay the  cartels. In fact, we saw the wristbands that they all wear. Once they  pay the cartels, they are marked that they can actually be moved across  the border; they paid their amount.   That is $153 million a week the Biden administration is facilitating  in payment to transnational criminal organizations just moving people,  based on a liberal policy of ``We are going to open the border up to be  nice.'' That policy is facilitating the cartels in Mexico being  enriched. They make more a week--a week--in moving people than is the  budget for Border Patrol in a year in that area. That is all being  facilitated based on this administration making it easier to cross the  border and more efficient to cross the border than stopping it.   I am tired of hearing about the number of people who illegally cross  the border. And many in this body just ignore it. I am tired of hearing  from the FBI in my State that the price of methamphetamine is going  down in my State. It seems like the price of gasoline has soared, the  price of food has soared, the price of housing has soared, but the  price of meth is going down. Why would that be? Because the supply of  meth is going up because it is coming from the cartels in Mexico, and  this administration is just looking the other way.   When is this administration going to talk to the landowners in South  Texas like I did and hear from them the threats that they face? They  are American citizens. When does their life matter?   It is time we address this issue. It is time we actually step up and  say that DHS is failing in its most basic task of securing the Nation.   It is time we stopped the illegal drugs coming into our country and  killing our kids. It is time. And I am going to continue to come to  this floor and to show what the media will not show anymore. They have  looked away, and my Democratic colleagues have done the same. They just  look away like it doesn't exist, while 2 million people illegally cross  the border.   One more stat: Right now, we have somewhere between 4,500 and 8,000  people a day illegally crossing the border--between 4,500 and 8,000 a  day illegally crossing the border. May I remind you, President Biden,  years ago, called it a humanitarian crisis when 2,000 people a day  crossed the border. Now we have between 4,500 and 8,000 a day, day  after day after day.   This administration is not only opening up the borders, they have  also changed the enforcement priorities here in the United States. So  we have round numbers--6,000 people a day illegally entering the  country. The Biden administration has changed the role for ICE in  deportations. We are currently allowing 6,000 people a day to cross the  border, but we are only deporting 161 people a day from the country.   Six thousand a day, every day, day after day after day, illegally  coming into the country; 161 people now that we are deporting a day.  What would be your grade for DHS in their task of securing the country?   I know what mine is. It is time this body actually does something  rather than just look away.   I yield the floor.   