 Mr. President, today, I rise in support of the nomination  of Rita Landgraf for the position of Assistant Secretary for Aging and  Administrator of the Administration for Community Living at the  Department of Health and Human Services. I have been privileged to know  Rita Landgraf for over two decades and to have worked with her when I  was Governor of Delaware and in the years since then.   She is a longtime Delaware community leader who previously served as  cabinet secretary of the Delaware Department of Health and Social  Services, which may be the most challenging job of any cabinet  secretary in the State government of Delaware. There, she oversaw State  implementation of the Older Americans Act, Medicaid, home- and  community-based services, and disability services as well. She also had  leadership roles with the State offices of AARP, the ARC, and the  National Alliance on Mental Illness, which are key national partners  for initiatives within the Administration for Community Living.   Rita's career has been inspired by her relationships with the elderly  and those with disabilities, including her stepson. In addition to her  extensive expertise, she will bring a personal passion to her work as  Assistant Secretary. Rita's experience in leading organizations focused  on advocating for people with disabilities and seniors, along with her  time in State government, makes her an excellent--an excellent--choice  to serve as Assistant Secretary of Aging. I applaud President Biden for  nominating her to serve in this role.   The Administration for Community Living does critically important  work ensuring older Americans of all ages with disabilities are able to  live where they choose, with the people they choose, and with the  ability to participate fully in their communities. The Administration  for Community Living works through community-based organizations and  invests in research, education, and innovation that help make this  priority a reality for millions of older Americans and people with  disabilities.   Rita Landgraf is the right person for this job. As secretary of  Delaware's Department of Health and Social Services, Rita Landgraf  successfully led one of the State's largest cabinet agencies and  expanded community-based services aimed at helping older Americans age  in place and people with disabilities live, work, and participate in  their communities--exactly the type of work the Administration for  Community Living supports.   Rita is a powerful advocate and a convener of stakeholders and  partners. She will bring partners together to further the mission of  the Administration for Community Living and bring new and innovative  insight to address priorities on aging that we can all agree upon.   Rita wants older Americans to age in place. She believes in the  strength and value of home- and community-based services for both the  elderly and the disabled, especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.  For Americans with mental health and special needs, Rita Landgraf has  prioritized keeping folks in their homes and expanding employment  opportunities for them--steps we can take to ensure that these  vulnerable populations can be full participants in their communities.  [[Page S3359]]    I want to thank our chair, Chair Murray, and Ranking Member Burr for  supporting Rita Landgraf's nomination out of the Senate HELP Committee  with strong bipartisan support.   I urge my colleagues today to join me in confirming Rita Landgraf to  serve as Assistant Secretary of Aging and Administrator of the  Administration for Community Living.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 966, Rita M. Landgraf, to be  Assistant Secretary for Aging, Department of Health and Human Services;  that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or  debate and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table; and that any statements related to the nomination be  printed in the Record.    Mr. President, if I could speak momentarily, I had an  opportunity to speak briefly with our colleague from Tennessee with  respect to his concerns and the reasons that led him to object to what  I think--and he may agree--is actually quite an excellent nomination.  And my hope is to better understand those objections that he has voiced  and to see if they can be objected to in a way that would allow us to  go forward with the nomination of Rita Landgraf to serve as Assistant  Secretary for Aging for the Department of Health and Human Services.   I yield the floor.   