 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague, the  gentleman from Florida for yielding.   Madam Speaker, we have far too many domestic and international crises  facing us right now to name them here. From the southern border to  Ukraine, Afghanistan to the crime in Philadelphia's streets, soaring  gasoline prices to supply chain bottlenecks.   We have an opportunity here to make the U.S. economy more  competitive--we can do that with the right bill--particularly against  our number one competitor and often adversary, China. Rather than lower  the costs for American large and small businesses, Madam Speaker, and  creating a more competitive business environment, this so-called  America COMPETES Act places burdens on the American economy in the form  of debt and regulations, is filled with special interest  [[Page H817]]  subsidies, nobody can deny that, and has a whopping $325 billion price  tag to go along with our escalating deficit and debt.   Meanwhile, the only part of the $325 billion that I agree with, and I  believe my constituents agree with, would be the CHIPS USA Act and some  of the rural broadband.    Madam Speaker, this bill really is a plethora of new  government programs that will not advance the U.S. economy.   Madam Speaker, this bill will likely get the vote of China, but would  not get the vote of American small business. The CCP is very serious  about economic growth with little regard for how to get there. We had  better wake up or we will be responsible for letting them.    Madam Speaker, I thank my very good friend from Louisiana  for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, the Biden administration has created a crisis at our  southern border. And instead of addressing the problem, they are  empowering it.   The administration has been flying illegal immigrants into my home  State of Pennsylvania and across the United States on ``midnight  express flights'' in the middle of the night. HHS has conducted these  flights with zero forewarning in order to facilitate the Biden  administration's open border policies.   After meeting with the Biden administration, Madam Speaker, regarding  these flights, I was told--this is incredulous, but I was told it is  simply a coincidence that each one of these flights came in in the dark  of night.   Madam Speaker, I was born at night, but it wasn't last night. I  questioned that answer. And when questioned regarding these specifics,  the administration refused to answer.   This is not right, and the American people deserve better. To address  this, I will be introducing the Immigration Transparency and Transit  Notification Act, which will bring light to this process, ensuring that  the States have a say.   This bill will:   Number 1, require DHS and HHS to notify the appropriate Federal,  State, and local officials of the placement and transportation of  illegals in their State before the process begins.   Number 2, grant Governors an opportunity to question the placement of  illegals in their States.   Number 3, ensure the safety of unaccompanied minors from human  trafficking by requiring agencies to provide information about the  sponsors of where these young people are being placed to the Governor  and other relevant officials.   Madam Speaker, it is time for Congress, all of Congress, Republicans  and Democrats, to act. We must control the southern border and take  control of the crisis that is truly deteriorating our country.    