 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know the Senator from Kentucky and the  Senator from Michigan are trying to work through some differences on a  potential unanimous consent request, but I have asked them if I might  make a few remarks if they are not quite ready yet, and they have  graciously allowed me to do so.   What I want to talk about is--it is December 6. It is 19 days until  Christmas, and the 117th Congress is quickly coming to a close, but  there is a lot of work that needs to be done in the meantime--first,  the National Defense Authorization Act, which I hope will be the next  order of business.   You know, when people ask me, ``What are your priorities when it  comes to representing the State of Texas in the U.S. Senate?'' I say:  Well, it is clear there is one priority, and that is the strength and  security and safety of our Nation and our way of life--to preserve and  protect the peace and to protect the freedom of all Americans.   The way we do that is through the National Defense Authorization Act.  It is, I believe, the most important piece of legislation that we  consider each year, among other important pieces of legislation. This  is how we support our troops, how we support our military families in  an all-volunteer military, how we maintain our military bases, how we  modernize our weapons systems and airframes and invest in the next  generation of weapons.   I believe what Ronald Reagan said--that we maintain peace through  strength--and when we don't make our national defense a priority, when  we neglect the most important responsibilities we have here, it sends  the wrong message to our adversaries and those who would take advantage  of a power vacuum left by an America that refuses to lead.   The National Defense Authorization Act is how we strengthen our  relationships with old allies and forge strong partnerships with new  ones. For example, as a result of the invasion of  [[Page S6976]]  Ukraine by Vladimir Putin, now Finland and Sweden have said they want  to become part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which is  certainly not what Mr. Putin contemplated when he said he was invading  Ukraine because he didn't want a potential NATO member on his border.  Well, as a result of his blundering invasion and wrongful invasion of  Ukraine, he is now going to have Finland as a NATO partner on his  border with some, I believe, roughly, 800 miles of common border.   We know that this is an increasingly challenging global threat  landscape, and we have to do everything we can to make sure our troops  have the training and the equipment and the resources needed to counter  adversaries of today and tomorrow.   Given the state of the world, preserving our military readiness has  never been more important. China and Russia have, obviously, grown more  aggressive in their efforts to disrupt the global order. North Korea  continues to threaten the United States and our allies with its nuclear  capabilities. Iran, which is the largest state sponsor of terrorism,  continues to threaten democracies in the Middle East, including our  ally in Israel, and to threaten not only regional conflict but  something worse.   This is a fragile time for global peace and security, and a strong  National Defense Authorization Act is the principal way that we supply  our military with the resources and certainty needed for our commanders  to plan for the future.   But this legislation is about much more than maintaining a strong  national defense. It is about empowering and supporting the men and  women behind it. America's servicemembers are volunteers, and they have  made a commitment not everyone is willing to make in joining the ranks  of America's heroes who have defended our country throughout our  Nation's history. They make sacrifices each and every day in order to  keep our families safe and our Nation at peace, and we owe it to them  to give them the support that they need. That includes not only the  training, technology, and equipment they need to do their jobs but also  the pay and benefits that their families depend on.    In short, a strong National Defense Authorization Act is critical to  the success of our servicemembers, their families, American security,  and, indeed, world peace. We simply can't neglect this important  responsibility or delay it any longer. I think the majority leader, the  Senator from New York, has already delayed it to the point that here we  are, backed up against Christmas, with no time to spare. Congress needs  to pass this annual Defense authorization bill ASAP--as soon as  possible. I hear the House is planning to take up the Defense  Authorization Act this week, and I hope that the Senate will follow in  short order.   For the past 61 years in a row--61 years--Congress has managed to  overcome partisan differences and pass this legislation. I hope that  will continue this year, but I am becoming more and more concerned  given the crunch that we are experiencing here 19 days before  Christmas.   