 Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S. 4394 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I regret that that is the case. I  understand the argument and if I could explain a little further.   Florida is identified with the citrus industry. People have long  understood it. It is a big part of our State. Here is the best way to  describe this to people. About 60 years ago, the FDA created a standard  for what they consider pasteurized orange juice. For orange juice to be  marked with a stamp that says ``pasteurized,'' no less than 10.5  percent of the weight of the juice has to be accounted for by soluble  solids, such as naturally occurring sugar. So this is just an arbitrary  number.   By the way, the 10.5 percent of the weight has nothing to with the  nutrition. It has nothing to with the safety. It has nothing to with  the quality.   They had to come up with a number to define the difference between  orange juice and something that is not orange juice, and that was the  number they came up with.   So for decades, the citrus industry in Florida has been following  that specification, and it hasn't been a problem. Then Florida was  impacted by this thing called citrus greening, pests that came from  Asia, particularly from China. What it has done is it has ravaged the  trees. It ravaged the trees to the point where one of the impacts it  has is that now the sugar content--you wouldn't notice it if you drink  it or if you eat one, but the sugar content of the fruit that is now on  the trees, because of the greening, often falls under the 10.5. Again,  no one would know. It is not any less safe. It is not any less  nutritious. It just falls under that number. Then, obviously, the  hurricane we had in 2017 made those problems even worse when they  suffered the loss of a bunch of trees.   So now, to meet this arbitrary 10.5 percent threshold, the juice  processors in Florida now have to blend in oranges and orange juice  that have higher sugar content, and they usually have to import it from  a foreign source. Again, there is no health benefit to doing that. In  fact, you could probably argue that less sugar is probably better. You  wouldn't taste the difference.  [[Page S4020]]  You wouldn't know it. If I put two glasses of orange juice in front of  you--one with the number they are asking for, which is 10 percent, and  the other one with 10.5--you wouldn't notice the difference.   So they have been asking the FDA to change the standard so they don't  have to import a bunch of oranges from Brazil and mix it just to be  able to hit the sugar content. If they can't do it, the only thing that  changes is that the final product can't be marketed as ``Florida orange  juice.'' That is really the challenge we are facing.   We would love for this to go through the normal process. The problem  is, by the time the FDA makes a decision on it, there may not be any  growers left. Let me explain why that is a problem.   These citrus growers sit on valuable land. Every developer in the  State is trying to get their hands on that land. They would love to  develop it into a mall, into an industrial park. We are facing those  problems everywhere. Once you turn farmland into a commercial use,  industrial use, a housing development, you never get it back. I have  seen farms turned into commercial development; I have never seen a  commercial development be turned back into a farm.   Once we lose this land, we lose it forever. We lose it forever. So  not only is it important to have it from a food security standpoint but  from an environmental standpoint. Having something remain in  agriculture, where the people who own it care deeply about the quality  of the land and the water usage because it is key to their existence,  is a better use of the land than turning it into an industrial park.   But, eventually, these agriculture owners will have to do something.  Some have been in the business for generations, but at some point, they  cannot grow enough food to justify continuing in business. They have  people offering millions and millions of dollars to buy their land from  them.   So this simple bill that I filed would provide certainty to the  orange growers. By lowering the 10.5 content to 10.0--that is all it  does, from 10.5 to 10.0--they will have some level of certainty that  they will be able to continue in business.   I regret that there is an objection here today. I understand the  desire to follow the FDA process, but I just want to be clear. No one  is arguing--who knows about this--that going from 10.5 to 10.0 has any  safety issue or anything of that nature. It is literally an  undetectable difference, but it would make a big difference for the  citrus growers of Florida.   If we are not going to do it this way, I hope we can get a hearing  and get this passed. I am not sure if a couple of years from now, we  are going to have a citrus industry. If we lose them or lose that land,  we will never get it back.   I yield the floor.   