 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is this old document that no one  reads anymore called the Constitution, and I think some of my  colleagues should give it another read today.   The Constitution tells us what Congress is supposed to be doing here  in DC, and that is national defense. It is right there at the top. Now,  some of my colleagues don't agree with it. They don't have that as the  No. 1 concern. I think the majority do, but there are some who don't.   I would say this: For 61 years now, for 61 years in a row, Congress  has fulfilled this duty by passing the National Defense Authorization  Act to strengthen the common defense and support our troops. That is 61  years. That is a long track record. And this year will be my 62nd, and  I am proud to say that I have had the opportunity to vote on over half  of them in that timeframe. So I think I have a pretty good  understanding of what it takes to get this bill done and the  significance of this bill.    The way this typically works is the House does their bill; then the  Senate does ours; and then we go into conference and create a  bipartisan, bicameral conference report. That is commonly, normally  what takes place. But that takes time. It really takes months. You know  I have been in a position of being active in this for a long period of  time. So when I look at the legislative calendar right now, I get  concerned. The days are ticking down, and, frankly, we are running out  of time to get this bill done, to do it the right way, and we are  talking about the most important bill that we consider all year. Now,  some people don't agree with that, but I certainly do. This tells us  our ability to defend and help America to survive.   Senator Reed and I believe deeply in this bill. We held a markup on  June 15 and reported out a strong bipartisan bill. That was 3 months  ago. Now, we have got an election in November that will likely eat away  at the limited time that we have.   We saw last year what happens when this bill isn't given enough floor  time. Last year, Majority Leader Schumer waited until the last possible  moment to try to jam through the NDAA, the National Defense  Authorization Act, without debate right before Thanksgiving. If he  delays it again, we don't get an open amendment process where every  Senator has a chance to improve the bill. Now, we are talking about  every Senator--not just the members of the Senate Armed Services  Committee but all the others who are out there who have an interest in  how to make this a better bill.   We have a virtually unlimited amendments process that we have enjoyed  in the past. Now, if he delays, we get jammed in negotiating a  conferenced bill with the House. The whole process would take longer,  which leaves our military with more uncertainty and prevents them from  moving out and getting things done. There are real consequences to  waiting this long. It is bad for this institution. It is bad for our  troops. It is bad for our national security.   Now, I understand some of my colleagues, including the majority  leader, have different priorities than I do, but I think this is the  most important bill that we do all year. So this year, that is as true  as ever. We have threats. We have two countries out there, Russia and  China; they have capabilities that we never believed they had, and some  capabilities are better than ours.   Now, people have this assumption--when I go out to Oklahoma or  anywhere around the country and I talk about what we are doing here and  explain to them that we have other countries out there, we have threats  that are there, most people now agree that we are in the most  threatened position that we have been in in a long period of time and  the scope of threats that we have.   Senator Reed and I deeply believe in this bill because it responds to  those threats and it takes care of our troops. We finished markup 3  months ago. We could have gotten started--we could have been finished  by now.   I have to admit, Mr. President, that I have a selfish motive. Now,  how many Members of this body are going to stand up and admit they have  a selfish motive, other than me? And that motive is that I want to get  this bill done because it will be the last national defense  authorization bill of my career. I want to make sure it is done right.  I would hate to leave here without finishing the NDAA, without  fulfilling our promises to our troops and the American people. I would  hate even more to see the bill's six-decade track record broken. For  the last 4 years as chairman and now ranking member of the Armed  Services Committee, I have fought tirelessly to pass this bill.   I know the majority leader doesn't want to be responsible for the  demise of Congress's last remaining annual authorization bill. There is  really no time to waste. We are out of time now. The Senate is going to  have to do, now, the NDAA.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   