 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the families of the 9/11 victims have our deepest  sympathies. They have spent the last 20 years seeking justice through a  maze of red tape.   Due to errors made with how funds to compensate victims were  structured, a disparity emerged between the compensation received by  differently situated 9/11 families. This legislation would help remedy  that inequity.   Behind the scenes, we have been working to solve this problem for  years. Unfortunately, the Democrats have not been particularly  interested. During the last few years of trying to resolve this matter,  the Judiciary Committee has not held a single hearing or markup to  evaluate the problems with victims funds or how to best address the  problem.   In fact, according to a GAO study required by Congress, the shortfall  owed to 9/11 families amounts to $2.7 billion. The proposal before us  takes from COVID relief money that Congress appropriated for small  businesses to make 9/11 families whole.   There are potential solutions to this problem that we should have put  forward earlier. Unfortunately, because Chairman Nadler has declined to  allow the Judiciary Committee to consider these other possibilities, we  are left with just the bill before us today.   I do think it is important to recognize that we are here today thanks  to the hard work of the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Malliotakis) and  the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith). I know Congresswoman  Malliotakis and Congressman Smith have been working tirelessly on this  during this entire Congress. It would have been nice to have their bill  before our committee for some debate. We never would have gotten to a  place of finding a solution for these victims without their tireless  efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote and reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), who has been representing the  good folks of his State for over four decades here in the United States  Congress and who has worked tirelessly on this issue.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Malliotakis), who has worked so hard on  this issue this entire Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   