 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding and for his leadership, and I thank my friend on the other  side of the aisle for his support.   Madam Speaker, in late March 2019, University of South Carolina  senior Samantha Josephson--``Sami'' to friends and family--left a late- night outing with her friends alone because she had to work in the  morning. The extraordinarily talented student, who had just earned a  full scholarship to Drexel University law school, ordered an Uber.   In a congested part of Columbia known as Five Points, a predator,  pretending to be her Uber driver, took her in his car and brutally  murdered her. Less than 24 hours later, Sami was found dead in a field.   The murderer, Nathaniel Rowland, was caught. In a heart-wrenching  trial in July 2021, Rowland was convicted and sentenced to life in  prison.   Presiding Circuit Court Judge Clifton Newman noted the ``horrific and  most brutal nature'' of Sami's murder and said: ``It is the most severe  murder that has occurred that I have been a witness to, as far as  presiding in court or participating in as a lawyer.''   Almost immediately, however, after her death, and notwithstanding  their excruciating agony over the loss of their precious daughter,  Sami's parents, Seymour and Marci, began pushing for comprehensive new  protection policies at Uber and Lyft and legislation to ensure, to the  maximum extent possible, that no one else is ever killed, raped, or  assaulted by a rideshare driver.   They created the #WHATSMYNAME Foundation in honor of their daughter  to educate the world on rideshare safety. ``Samantha may be gone,''  they wrote, ``but our goal for the rest of our time on Earth is to  share her story and make a lasting change.''   Seymour and Marci have, and are, making a lasting change. Their  advocacy has saved lives and made so many more of us situationally  aware of the dangers of using Uber and Lyft.   For more than 3 years, almost 4 now, especially given the pain due to  the unimaginable loss of their daughter, Seymour and Marci have been  heroic, tenacious, and selfless. They have inspired modest reforms by  Uber and Lyft but are the first to say that so much more needs to be  done.   Marci and Seymour have made frequent trips to the Capitol to meet  lawmakers and staff from both sides of the aisle, including Speaker  Pelosi and Leader McCarthy, as well as Transportation and  Infrastructure Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member Graves, and  subcommittee Chair Norton and Ranking Member Davis.   Ranking Member Cathy McMorris Rodgers, when she met with them, was so  greatly moved, moved to tears, when they told their horrible story  about what happened to their daughter.   I am grateful that Chairman Pallone has waived the bill through the  Energy and Commerce Committee today to ensure its consideration.  [[Page H9727]]    I am grateful to the Speaker for her strong commitment to this cause,  and there was that empathy. You felt it when you were in the room. They  said, ``What can we do? We have to do as much as humanly possible,'' so  I thank them.   I offer my special thanks to  Tom Suozzi for his tremendous support  and for being the lead Democratic cosponsor all these years on this  legislation.   Robert Edmonson, with the Speaker, and Ryan Long, with Kevin  McCarthy, and other staff members have done stellar work trying to push  this and additional reforms forward because, hopefully, we are not  done.   The need for Sami's Law is absolutely compelling, I tell my  colleagues. I ask all of us: Do any of us really believe that  ridesharing, particularly late at night, particularly around college  campuses, especially for women, is safe when you are in an Uber or  Lyft? It is a big, open question.   Two reports released by Uber found that, over a 4-year period from  2017 to 2020, there were 9,805 allegations of serious sexual assault by  Uber drivers in the United States, and 39 people were killed in  physical assaults during or soon after an Uber ride.   Lyft's own safety record revealed 4,158 allegations of sexual assault  in a 3-year period from 2017 to 2019.   In September, NPR reported that ``Lyft is facing 17 new lawsuits  brought by users of its service from around the country, who claim the  company failed to protect passengers and drivers from physical and  sexual assault.''   ``The new lawsuits come 3 years after 14 women filed a lawsuit  against Lyft, claiming that, after being sexually assaulted or raped by  drivers, Lyft failed to take action even when it was aware of drivers  who were accused of assault and purposefully ignored victims'  reports.'' Not a stellar record.   Just last week, Eziya Bowden, a 17-year-old woman from North  Carolina, jumped out of a moving Lyft vehicle and ended up in the  emergency room out of fear that her driver, who made several disturbing  comments, was trying to drug her. She was only a few miles away from  her home.    Sami's Law under consideration by the House today is an important  first--I say ``first''--step to enhance safety for both passengers and  drivers and to mitigate future violence.   Sami's Law makes unlawful the unauthorized selling or offering for  sale of ridesharing signage, making it more difficult for imposters  like Sami's murderer to pose as rideshare drivers.   Let me just point out that when  Tom Suozzi testified before the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Chairman DeFazio, when we  talked about this factor, that you can go to Amazon or Walmart and get  a sign that says you are an Uber driver, he went online as we were  talking and said: There it is. I can buy an Uber sign.   You would think the companies would want to control the signage. This  legislation will make it illegal to sell it in those outlets and  anywhere else unless approved by the companies.   Sami's Law also requires the GAO to investigate and provide an  independent, comprehensive report to Congress on the incidence of  assault and abuse of both passengers and drivers, and to do it  annually, and requires that the GAO examine the nature and specifics of  background checks conducted by companies and the varying standards set  by States regarding background checks.   We want to know: What do they do when they find out who their drivers  are? We have asked the hard questions. The answers have not been all  that good.   It also assesses safety steps thus far taken by rideshare vehicles,  taxis, and other vehicles for hire.   I am disappointed to say that opposition from Uber and Lyft has  resulted in dropping other lifesaving provisions that were in the  original bill that was passed by the House in the last Congress with   Tom Suozzi and I leading on that, as well.   One required Uber and Lyft and other transportation network companies  to implement a simple digital method of verifying that the passenger  and driver have been specifically matched by the TNC prior to the ride  beginning, so that match is made right before you take off. Yes, that  is who the driver should be, and the person in back has ordered that  Uber. It also gives a record going forward if any kind of assault does,  indeed, occur.   The opposition to this digital security feature is mind-boggling to  me. Uber has the technology and even a program in place, but they offer  it only as an opt-in program, a program so well hidden that few riders  even know about it.   Our legislation passed in July 2020 said that transportation  companies may offer a passenger an option out, an opt-out. If you want  to be out of it, get out of it, but the default would be you are in it,  and it is all for your protection.   It is like safety belts. There was a time when that was  controversial. Now, we all put them on. The buzzer goes off, or the  bell or the ring, if you don't have that on.   A second provision that we lost was Sami's council, which would  simply empower a working group to continually make upgrades as to how  better to utilize all of this.   Let me just say, finally, Marci and Seymour at the sentencing or  before that at the trial--they inspire us--they also spoke. I will read  only a few of the words that they said. I remember watching it on  television, and it just broke my heart.   Here is what Marci said. ``I close my eyes, and I feel what she  endured at his hands 120 times''--he stabbed her, remember--``over and  over and over, fighting for her life, locked in his car. I used to have  dreams for her. Now, all I have are nightmares--120 times. The final  moments, her bare feet kicking and fighting for her life. I visualize  the blood flowing from her body, her joyful body, 120 times. For what?  The $35 a college student has in her bank account?   ``The excruciating pain he put her through is unimaginable. . . . In  one second, our lives changed . . . Her death sliced through my  heart.''   In his statement, Seymour questioned how this could have happened at  all, challenging us to prevent it in the future. Again, they have spent  so much time, dedicating their lives so nobody else ever has to go  through this.   He said, at the trial: ``I have repeated nightmares and visions of  him, the monster, stabbing her. I have visions of her foot on the back  window. I have visions of her screaming and fighting. I have visions of  her taking her last breath.   ``I stand here . . . in bewilderment, asking how in the world did we  get here? That night of her kidnapping and murder, she called me about  using my credit card because supposedly hers didn't work with Uber or  Lyft.   ``I look at my wife, and she is not even close to being the same. I  have lost a huge piece of her, along with Samantha. Every day, I look  at her and only wish I could do something to take that pain away.''    So, I ask my colleagues that, in Sami's name, today, we act to  protect rideshare passengers and their drivers, and we take an  important first step to safeguard others from the unspeakable pain that  Seymour and Marci Josephson now endure.   