 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Weber very much for  not only preparing this opportunity for us to honor our colleague and a  Member who will be leaving this body after a number of years, the great  judge and Congressman, Louie Gohmert.   I rise tonight not just to honor Louie Gohmert but to probably say  some things that not many Members can say, and that is I know Tyler,  Texas, and I know Tyler, Texas, well. I know many people there, and  each of them not only speak well of Louie Gohmert but are pleased with  his performance. They enjoy not only his representation, but they  believe that he is a man who came to this town knowing who he is and  will leave this town knowing who he is. The same person that came is  the same person that is leaving.   You know this, Judge Gohmert, but I have the honor to take part of  your congressional district that, through redistricting, has changed.  It gives me time to come and reflect upon not only your friends in east  Texas, Angelina County, and certainly places like Crockett. Huntsville  is a little bit south of the district, but they asked me the other day  when I was in Huntsville: ``Do you know Louie Gohmert? Because we were  kind of thinking that before he said he was leaving that he was going  to come down here and be our Congressman.'' I said: ``Well, that is the  same thing they say in Lufkin and Nacogdoches. They say that in  Crockett. They say that in Waco.''    There were a lot of fans all over central Texas that not only admired  Louie, but he speaks very eloquently about the things that are on their  minds, that are front and center on his mind.   For his friends in Waco, Dallas, and Huntsville, certainly across the  district that he represents, Louie Gohmert has not only made a name but  has, with his great passion and articulation, struck the hearts of many  people in Texas who deeply believe that Texas is special, that America  is the greatest place in the world, and that we want to be one Nation  under God for as long as we can stay there.   Judge Gohmert, you are going to be missed, but I look forward to  catching up with you often and letting you know that there are a lot of  people who thought you did a great job and did it well and are proud of  you.   