 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this past Saturday, I got to spend the  whole morning with the East Central Kansas Model T Club back home. I  even got to take a joy ride in a 1921 Model T. Among many stories, I  learned Americans were paying only 21 cents a gallon when this car was  made. And it wasn't until 1975, 54 years later, that gas had doubled  from that price, jumping from 39 to 53 cents--54 years it took to  double.   I don't have to remind anyone that, thanks to our President's energy  policies and his reckless spending, he accomplished a doubling in less  than 2 years. As we all know, gas is now over $5 a gallon, if you can  believe it or not. We are seeing record prices that have gone now 16  days in a row without a single downtick.   And this is why I am here today to ask for unanimous consent to pass  the Gas Prices Relief Act, which would bar any Federal agency from  finalizing any rule or regulation that would make it harder to produce  American fuels.   My legislation would send the right signal to American producers and  investors. It would show them that the Congress sees the problem and  that we are ready to address it. It would set us on a course to bring  down prices at the pump, not with more reckless spending and more  regulations, but by getting out of the way of American production and  allowing them to power the world without more needlessly restrictive  rules.   With this more than doubling of price, many families back home are  telling me they are paying $50, up to $100 a week more for gasoline.  And that is $2- to $400 a month, in case you are adding it up. And on  top of that, their monthly utility bills have doubled.   I am sure this administration will propose more reckless spending to  fix that problem, too. Unfortunately, Biden-flation is impacting many  Kansas families to the tune of $6- to $700 a month. That is over $7,000  a year.   Now, why the increase, you might ask. Now, I am not an economist, but  it looks to me like if you increase the regulations on a process, on a  business, that is a surefire way to decrease the  [[Page S2928]]  supply. And as we all know, our President and his policies are ramping  up regulations at every step of the American oil and gas business, all  the while begging for help from other nations. Indeed, he is fulfilling  his campaign promises to destroy American oil and gas.   Now, one more thought. As history teaches us, along with reckless  spending, energy is always a leading indicator of inflation. If we  don't get our arms around this energy crisis and reckless spending, we  will never slow down inflation. But it appears our President and his  party disagree with this, or else, simply stated, they don't care. Or  maybe they want these high prices. It just seems like yesterday I was  filling my truck up back home for less than $2 a gallon, and now,  again, it is over $5 a gallon across most of the Nation.   Rising energy prices add inflationary pressure to everything. It is  like a game of dominoes. When the diesel fuel powering our 18-wheelers  are costing truckers 80 percent more than it did last year, they are  going to have to pass on that rate to their consumers. When businesses  are paying 30 percent more for their gas utilities, they are going to  have to raise their prices to make up the difference. And Kansans,  already paying more just to get to the store, are continually finding  that what money they have left is getting them less and less every  week.   You don't fix a supply-and-demand problem of this nature with price  controls or artificial subsidies or more reckless spending. In reality,  this is not very complicated. You could fix it by decreasing demand or  increasing supply. Now, demand, unfortunately, is not decreasing, which  is why we need this regulatory holiday in order to set American energy  free.   On some level, the administration knows this and, hence, their knee- jerk decision to release a million barrels of oil from our Strategic  Petroleum Reserve every day, reportedly without initially coordinating  in a meaningful way with our partners overseas. Obviously, 1 million  barrels a day won't cut it. In 2021, the United States consumed roughly  nearly 20 million barrels a day. This release is truly a drop in the  bucket.   The administration knows that the Strategic Petroleum Reserve  releases are purely cosmetic, to try to convince the American people  that they have solutions while they run off to beg foreign dictators  and terrorists to produce more oil. Instead of looking within, instead  of creating more Americans jobs, high-paying jobs, producing the  cleanest fuel in the world, they continue their full frontal assault on  American production and seek to enrich our enemies, like Venezuela and  Iran.    But there has been a lot of talk on the left that they are not  interfering with oil and gas production in the United States. These  claims are simply untrue. On the campaign trail, President Biden  promised to end the leasing of oil and gas production on Federal lands,  and his climate czar recently said the administration ``remains  absolutely committed to not moving forward with additional drilling on  public lands.'' Most Presidents brag when they fulfill a campaign  promise but apparently not when the results are this bad.   It is hard to imagine that this is not all by design. This  administration is getting exactly what they want. In the President's  own words, the world is currently going through an ``incredible  transition,'' and he thinks we will ``be stronger and the world will be  stronger and less reliant on fossil fuels when this is over.''   Well, the obvious question then is this: When--when will it be over?  The Department of Energy has estimated that demand for oil and gas will  increase through 2050. That is a simple fact. Yet we have a President  who is perfectly willing to inflict pain on the people who elected him  to force his climate policies--his costly climate policies--and ignore  the economic reality that the American people are facing.   Now, why else would he propose a budget that gets rid of key tax  provisions for the oil and gas industry? Why else would he promote  policies that will make it more difficult and more expensive to drill?  Does anyone think these policies are going to help the American people?   Let's talk about the stream of bad policies causing the crippling  uncertainty that is making American producers hesitant to increase  drilling.   Last November, the EPA started the process of updating methane  regulations. While the proposed rule they put forward was criminally  devoid of any details, their intent was clear: an increase in costly  regulations that will harm the oil and national gas industry, run small  businesses out of business, and further increase energy costs.   On February 18, by a completely partisan vote, FERC issued and made  immediately effective two new policy statements that would have had  disastrous implications for pipeline development in the U.S., pipelines  critical to getting that oil to American consumers. Their off-the-deep- end proposal would have potentially put pipeline operators on the hook  for mitigating the emissions of the end user of the product they  transport. In other words, to get approval to build a pipeline,  operators could have been forced to develop and pay for a way to  mitigate the emissions caused by Americans driving to work every day or  perhaps by Americans heating their homes or cooking their breakfast.  Thankfully, in the face of fierce outcry from opponents on both sides  of the aisle, they have temporarily pulled these changes back for  further consideration. Though, that likely has more to do with the  upcoming nomination process--the renomination process--for FERC  Chairman Glick than it does with good energy policy.   On March 21, the SEC followed suit and proposed a rule that would  require companies to disclose climate emission data, including  greenhouse emissions, caused by their suppliers and their customers.  This would require companies to calculate and disclose the emissions  for how everyday Americans use their products, all in an effort to make  doing business with American oil and gas producers seem even more risky  and less deserving of financing.   And, finally, an issue that is at the top of mind of many producers  in Kansas right now, the Fish and Wildlife Service is poised to list  the lesser prairie-chicken as a threatened species. This is despite the  incredible work being done by conservationists that have made the  lesser prairie-chicken better protected now than ever. If the Fish and  Wildlife Service goes through with this classification, it would have  serious consequences for oil and gas producers in Kansas and severely  limit their ability to increase production, not to mention the impact  it will have on our utilities.   Once again, let me state, these reasons and more are why I am here  today to ask unanimous consent to pass the Gas Prices Relief Act, which  would bar any Federal agency from finalizing any rule regulation that  would make it harder to produce American fuels. Our legislation would  send the right signal to American producers and investors. It would  show them that Congress sees the problem and that we are ready to  address it. It would set us on course to bring down prices at the pump  by getting out of the way and releasing American production and  allowing them to power the world without more needlessly restrictive  rules and regulations. Good energy policy will fix the current crisis,  not more reckless spending.   Before I yield, I would like to turn the floor over to the Senator  from Montana for his thoughts on the record gas prices we are facing  and the need to pass our Gas Price Relief Act.    Madam President, I would like to ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from  further consideration of S. 3986 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.   I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the  table.    Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, I think we should start calling  electric cars coal-powered cars. We should start thinking about a  cradle-to-grave environmental impact to some of the alternatives, but I  want to reassure to my colleague, the folks on the other side of the  aisle, that I want to leave this world cleaner, healthier, and safer  than we found it.   But on the other hand, we can't create such high inflation with  reckless  [[Page S2930]]  spending and energy policies that stifle American energy. I do believe  that there is a balance. I do believe that there are opportunities, but  we can't go from zero to 90 miles an hour overnight, nor can we throw  the brakes on our current energy supply.   I grew up in the oil patch. I lived in the oil patch. The prices of  oil are being driven up by the uncertainty created by this  administration. Make no mistake about it, the price of oil is people  who are thinking about investing, what will they get 2 years from now?  It would take 2 years probably to see any type of return on investment  from an oilfield exploration.   But this President and his policies, his regulations continue to  create uncertainty and drive the price up for all Americans.   Just the thought of $5-a-gallon gasoline makes my heart shiver. The  people I talk to back home, there is no conversation I am going to have  without someone bringing up the price of gasoline right now.   And I am so proud that we are taking traditional energies, and we are  making them cleaner; that we are using biofuels to help decrease the  tailpipe emissions through E15 year round and higher ethanol as well. I  am proud of the biodiesel that we are using as well.   I think that there are incredible opportunities out there, but  inflation, reckless spending inflation, driving up the price of  gasoline very purposefully is what this President has accomplished, and  it is hurting people back home.   I yield the floor.    So I object to Senator Whitehouse.    Yes, I specifically object to the motion. My apologies.   