 Mr. President, I come to the floor today and will, in  short order, seek unanimous consent for the passage of the Daniel  Anderl Judicial Security and Privacy Act of 2021. This bill, which was  reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee last December with  overwhelming bipartisan support, is named after Daniel Anderl, the 20- year-old son of U.S. District Court Judge Esther Salas.   Mr. President, 1 year 9 months 23 days ago, Daniel was brutally  murdered by a gunman who targeted Judge Salas for her gender, her  ethnicity, and because he could not accept a judgment in a case that  she reached in her court.   To carry out his horrific hate crime, the gunman used publicly  available information, tracking down Judge Salas to her home in New  Jersey and murdering Daniel in cold blood when he answered the door.  And after that, her husband Mark also was shot and seriously wounded.   Every single day since July 19, 2020, Judge Salas and her husband  Mark have been dealing with the immense grief of burying their only  son. No parent should have to experience such a devastating loss. Yet,  in the face of so much pain, Judge Salas has channeled it into purpose,  embarking on a personal mission to increase the safety and privacy of  her fellow judges and their families.   Now, I know Judge Salas well. Back in 2010, I was proud to recommend  her to the Federal bench. A year later, when the Senate unanimously  confirmed her by voice vote, she became the first Latina to serve on  the district court of New Jersey.   After the horrific tragedy she suffered, I made a personal commitment  to honor Daniel's legacy through action. I told her I would not rest  until we enacted greater protections for those who serve on the Federal  bench to prevent another judge from having to endure the senseless  violence Judge Salas experienced.   The bipartisan bill I seek unanimous consent for is an effort I am  proud to lead with 12 of my colleagues, including Senators Durbin,  Grassley, Booker, Graham and Kennedy. Our bill would prevent potential  assailants from using publicly available information to target judges  or their families. It is a commonsense measure that would authorize the  U.S. Marshal Service to monitor online threats and deter future  attacks.   It is so common sense that it was voted out of the Judiciary  Committee with strong bipartisan support--I am talking about a 21-to-0  vote in the affirmative.   It is so common sense, in fact, that just, I think, 2 days ago my  Republican colleagues led a similar measure to safeguard Supreme Court  Justices and their families.   So if the Senate passed an important bill without hearings--without  hearings--directly to the floor to support and protect Supreme Court  Justices and their families, I think we should do it as well for  Federal judges. Nobody made an effort to change that bill.   There is simply no explanation or justification to protect Supreme  Court Justices while delaying legislation to protect Federal judges who  face the same, if not greater, risk.   No judge in America should have to fear for their lives as they work  to uphold our Constitution, our democracy, and ensure all people have  equal justice under the law.   Every day that we delay in passing this critical legislation is a day  that we delay necessary protections for the guardians of our  Constitution and the rule of law.   There are three branches of our government. One of the essential ones  is the judiciary. They make decisions  [[Page S2478]]  every day about what is the law of the land and what is the answer to  disputes among us as individuals and entities. If that judge is fearful  that their decisions at the end of the day will lead to violence  against them and their families, how long will their judgment not be  affected and, therefore, how long will we as a nation be able to say  that the rule of law is truly in place?   So I ask my Senate colleagues to join me today in honoring the life  and memory of Daniel Anderl. Let us do the right thing and unanimously  pass the Judicial Security and Privacy Act of 2021 named after him.   So, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 190, S.  2340; further, that the committee-reported substitute amendment be  agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   I appreciate the desire of the Senator from Kentucky to protect  Members of the legislative branch. I wish someone would have come to  the floor the other night when we had a rush, which I thought was  important, to protect Supreme Court Justices. That was a moment in  which that could have been pursued. That went through lightning speed.  That didn't even have a hearing. It didn't go through the process of  the Judiciary Committee like this bill has, but there was no such call.   And so I would work with my colleague on a separate legislation to  provide protections for a different universe, including a legislative  one. I know there are other Members who want to provide these  protections to everyone. The question is that none of that has been  moving on the floor. None of that has had the time and attention in the  committee processes to ferret out the challenges, the issues, and  whatnot. But every day we see violence against judges across the  country, and we have an opportunity to take a moment of tragedy and  turn it into something powerful.   And I would work with my colleague on his desire, but at this point,  because I am concerned that what we would do is not find a pathway in  the House because there are already challenges in the House, even to  the simple proposition of limiting these protections to Members of the  Federal judiciary, I am afraid that such an expansion under this bill  would render it useless in terms of any action in the House, and so I  have to object to the proposed amendment but with a desire to work with  my colleague on anything I can to move forward in a different way.    Mr. President, just a brief remark. You know, I regret  that in the goal to protect ourselves, we can't protect others.   Not every law where we seek to provide a protection is ultimately  grandly approached. I think that the passage of this bill would send a  clear message to our Federal judiciary, who are not on the awesome  Supreme Court, that they will be protected just the same as any Supreme  Court Justice and that they can make their judgments without fear that  violence will come their way to them or their family because of the  decisions they make in our society.   And then building upon that success, we can try to build and create  greater protections for others. But this maximalist position is,  unfortunately, one that, at the end of the day, doesn't provide  protection for anyone.   And so I will keep coming back to the floor. We will keep working to  try to make this happen because this young man who died senselessly and  his parents who had to bury their only son--his memory cannot die in  vain.   I yield the floor.   