 Madam President, I rise today in support of S.J. Res.  63, a resolution to terminate the COVID-19 national emergency  declaration. It has now been more than 2\1/2\ years since this first  issued proclamation declaring the National Emergency Concerning the  Novel Coronavirus Disease Outbreak, and it has been extended twice  already by President Biden since the initial declaration--most  recently, February of this year.   It is with this national emergency declaration, in tandem with other  additional emergency powers, currently invoked by the President, which  this administration is manipulating to supersize government powers. And  now, it is obvious they need these powers to continue their spending  spree to enact their radical partisan agenda and grow government  dependency through further expansion of the welfare state.   Today marks the third time many of us have come to the floor to  terminate the emergency declaration. In March, we brought an identical  resolution to this floor under the expedited procedure contained in  that National Emergency Act that passed this body 48 to 7. That is  right, this body passed this same resolution 8 months ago. Since then,  even more evidence shows the emergency phase of this pandemic has come  and gone.   The number of new patients admitted to hospitals with confirmed cases  of COVID-19 remains near lows since the start of the pandemic, and the  same is true of emergency department visits. Let me point out that the  percent of individuals diagnosed with COVID-19 visiting emergency rooms  represents less than 2 percent of ER visits nationwide.   And just last week, the World Health Organization announced COVID- related deaths have dropped 90 percent globally compared to February of  this year--again, shortly before our March vote the Senate took to  terminate this same national emergency declaration. Again, this body  passed the same resolution 8 months ago, and the clinical situation on  the ground has only improved.   Listen, the decrease in hospital cases and deaths can be contributed  to the fact that an estimated 95 percent of Americans, ages 16 and  older, had developed identifiable COVID antibodies, and that is  according to the CDC. This includes individuals who have gained  immunity through natural infection, as well as those who have received  the vaccine. More than 646 million doses have been administered and 227  million Americans are fully vaccinated, nearly 70 percent of the  population.   Vaccines are so widely available for those that wish to receive  inoculation that millions of doses are going unused. Between December  2020 and mid-May of 2022, the U.S. wasted 82 million doses.  Additionally, we have a growing roster of antiviral drugs, monoclonal  antibodies, and treatment protocols that are helping vulnerable  populations avoid life-threatening complications.   Don't take it from me. Take it from President Biden. Just 2 months  ago, the President stated the coronavirus pandemic was over in a ``60  Minutes'' interview. That is right. Two months ago, the same person who  wants to continue to use this so-called emergency said it was over.  And, no, I can't make any sense of it.   So despite all the advances we have made in our fight against this  virus and the victorious declaration by our chief executive, this  administration insists the national emergency declaration remain in  place.   And to add insult to our intellect, just last week, the White House  failed to alert States of any intent to lift the public health  emergency, another emergency power being used to greatly expand  government powers over American lives and validate their continued  expansion of government spending and programs.   Everyone should remember, it was this government-imposed state of  emergency that justified their continued lockdowns of small businesses  and schools. It was this government-imposed state of emergency that  justified their mask and vaccine mandates, including a military vaccine  mandate that has resulted in the removal of more than 8,000 Active Duty  troops since the Defense Secretary issued the requirement in August  2021--8,000 Active Duty troops dismissed because of this mandate.   Today, our businesses and children suffer the consequences. Too many  businesses are now shuttered, and our youth struggle with low academic  performances and stunning record numbers of mental health issues.   And lest we forget, it was this government-imposed state of emergency  that justified President Biden and congressional Democrats' spending  binge, increasing the total government spending by more than $9  trillion since February of 2021 and lighting the fire for record  inflation.   And most recently, it was the national emergency declaration that the  President used as justification to extend the payment pause and cancel  up to $10,000 in outstanding federally held student loan balances and  even a more generous $20,000 for Pell Grant recipients.   Well, thankfully, a Federal judge in Texas ruled last week that the  loan forgiveness plan was unlawful and must be vacated, stating that  the program was ``one of the largest exercises of legislative power  without congressional authority in the history of the United States.''   I want to say this again. This was not me, not a politician, not a  conservative blog. This came from a Federal judge. Listen again to what  he said. This is ``one of the largest exercises of legislative power  without congressional authority in the history of the United States.''   So while the law being cited by the President does not authorize him  to grant the unfair relief that would have cost the Federal Government  and taxpayers more than $400 billion, his actions show this White House  is more than willing and able to use this emergency declaration to  advance as many of their inflationary giveaways as possible.   Folks, where and when does this power grab stop? Congress must take  the responsible action of reining in this massive expansion of  government and restore Americans' fundamental right by terminating the  COVID-19 national emergency declaration. As for the elements of the  pandemic response that are working and needed, let's codify them into  law. Let's work with the White House and with their friends across the  aisle and exercise our article I powers and do so through the  legislative process.   I encourage all my colleagues to join me and, once again, support our  resolution to terminate the COVID-19 national emergency declaration.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   