 Madam President, let us be as clear as we can be, and  that is, there is significant discontent throughout our country today,  from Vermont to California and in all 50 States. The American people  are worried about COVID. We are all worried about COVID. We are all  tired of COVID. But the American people are worried about much more.  They are worried about inflation, the price of food and gas, and other  products going up. They are worried about climate change and whether or  not the planet they will be leaving to their kids and grandchildren  will be healthy and habitable. They are worried about a middle class  whose real, inflation-accounted-for wages have not risen in almost 50  years, have been stagnant, and the reality that today, half of our  workforce is living paycheck to paycheck.   The American people are worried about the massive level of income and  wealth inequality which we are experiencing in which, during this  pandemic alone, just the last few years, the billionaire class saw an  increase in their wealth by some $2 trillion while at the same time,  thousands of workers died as they went to their jobs. They didn't have  a choice about it; they went to work, and they died.   The American people are worried that their kids are not getting the  quality childcare that they need or that the family can afford. They  are worried about the outrageous levels of student debt that their kids  acquired because they chose to get a higher education.   Above all else, the American people, in my view, are outraged that in  the midst of all of these crises and more, their elected officials are  simply not responding.   In my view, now is the time to tell the American people that we in  Congress do understand their pain, that we do know what they are going  through, and that we are prepared to stand up for the working families  of this country and take on the greed of powerful special interests who  wield so much influence over the economic and political life of our  Nation.   Today, Senator Klobuchar and I are going to focus on one--just one-- of the many issues that this Congress must address. The American people  want action, and that is what we have to give them. We have to respond  to the crises.   Today, we are going to be talking about prescription drugs. For  decades, literally decades--20, 30, 40 years--  [[Page S605]]  Members of both political parties have come to the floor of the Senate,  come to the floor of the House, and they have bemoaned the high cost of  prescription drugs in this country. They promised the American people  they would lower those outrageous prices. Republicans have come to the  floor, Democrats have come to the floor, and speech after speech has  been made. And not only speeches--Members of both political parties put  30-second ads on television when they ran for office: Hey, vote for me.  I am going to lower the cost of prescription drugs.    For decades now, Members of Congress have been talking about lowering  the cost of prescription drugs, and for decades, they have failed to  deliver. Talk, talk, talk--nothing happens. The cost of prescription  drugs goes up.   Congress has failed to deliver under Democratic leadership. It has  failed to deliver under Republican leadership. It failed to deliver  under Democratic Presidents and failed to deliver under Republican  Presidents. We have failed to deliver because of the greed of the  pharmaceutical industry, which today is likely the most powerful  corporate interest in America and is certainly the dominant political  force here in Washington, DC.   So I ask my fellow Americans today: Do you want to know why you are  paying the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs? Simple  question. Why is it that we are paying in some cases 10 times more for  the same exact prescription drugs that are sold in Canada or in Europe?   Do you want to know why one out of four Americans--this is really  quite crazy, that in the midst of a dysfunctional healthcare system, we  have one out of four Americans who cannot afford to fill the  prescriptions that their doctor writes. Think about that for one-half a  second. People are sick. They go to the doctor. The doctor writes out a  prescription. People can't afford to fill it. They end up in the  emergency room. They end up in the hospital. They get sicker because  they simply cannot afford the outrageous cost of medicine.   Do you know why millions of diabetic Americans actually ration their  insulin? I have talked to diabetics and parents of diabetics. Their  kids get sick because they cannot afford the cost of insulin.  Obviously, diabetes today is a terrible, terrible illness impacting  many millions of Americans.   Let me tell you why we pay the highest prices in the world, why  people in America die because they can't afford prescription drugs. The  answer has everything to do with the corrupt political system in which  over the past 20 years the pharmaceutical industry has spent over $4.5  billion--not million; $4.5 billion--on lobbying and hundreds of  millions of dollars on campaign contributions. Yes, you heard that  correctly--$4.5 billion over 20 years on lobbying and God knows how  many hundreds of millions of dollars on campaign contributions. These  are campaign contributions that go to Republicans. These are campaign  contributions that go to Democrats. And I am talking about many  hundreds of Members of the House and Senate who receive funding from  the pharmaceutical industry.   Further, the pharmaceutical industry has over the years mounted an  unprecedented lobbying effort in Washington, here in the Nation's  Capital, and in States all over the country. I hope everybody hears  this because this is what power is about. This is why you pay the  highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.   Last year alone, the pharmaceutical industry hired more than 1,700  well-paid lobbyists to come to Capitol Hill to protect their interests,  including the former congressional leaders of both major political  parties. Got that? Seventeen hundred well-paid lobbyists protecting the  interests of the pharmaceutical industry--get out your calculator  because what that amounts to is three pharmaceutical industry lobbyists  for every Member of Congress. There are 435 Members in the House and  100 in the Senate and 1,700 well-paid lobbyists making sure that you  pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.   What is the result of all of that lobbying and all of those campaign  contributions? Well, I think the American people know it every time  they walk into a drugstore. The pharmaceutical industry, uniquely in  the entire world, is able to raise their prices anytime they want, to  any level they want.   How many people out there walked into a drugstore, refilled their  prescription, and the pharmacist said: Well, I am sorry to tell you the  cost of your medicine has gone up 20 percent.   Why? Because they can. They can do anything they want. If they want  to double prices, triple prices, there is no law stopping them. That is  what you get when you spend billions of dollars on lobbyists and  campaign contributions. You get what you pay for, and they have gotten  what they paid for.   Not only do we pay the highest prices in the world for prescription  drugs, but the result of that is that the pharmaceutical industry, year  after year, makes huge profits. Eight of the largest drug companies in  America in 2020 made nearly $50 billion in profits, while the CEOs of  those pharmaceutical companies took home over $350 million in total  compensation. Eight companies; $350 million in compensation for the  CEOs of those companies; $50 billion in profits in the last year we  have information.   Let's be very clear. The overriding motivation of the pharmaceutical  industry is greed. Their overriding goal is to make as much money as  they can by squeezing as much as they can get from the sick, from the  elderly, and from the desperate.   I could give you many, many examples of the outrageous greed of the  pharmaceutical industry, and I am not even going to talk about the  opiate crisis, which has killed hundreds of thousands of Americans. I  am not even going to go there today.   Let me just mention, a couple of years ago, the former CEO of a drug  company called Gilead became a billionaire by charging $1,000 for the  hepatitis drug Sovaldi. He became a billionaire. Interestingly enough,  that drug was developed by taxpayer dollars through the Veterans'  Administration. While they charge $1,000 a treatment here in the United  States, it turns out that it costs $1 to manufacture and can be  purchased in India for all of $4--$1,000 here; $4 there.   In 2016, the chairman of Mylan received a $164 million compensation  package after his company jacked up the price of EpiPen--you all  remember EpiPen--by 550 percent over a 9-year period.   All over this country, the American people are asking a simple  question: How many people in our country need to die? How many people  need to get unnecessarily sicker before Congress is prepared to take on  the greed and power of the pharmaceutical industry?   Enough is enough. A lifesaving prescription drug does not mean  anything if you cannot afford that drug. We have great drugs out there.  What does it mean if you can't afford that drug or if you are going to  go bankrupt because you have to buy it for a family member?   We cannot allow the pharmaceutical industry to charge the American  people, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.  And that is why I have introduced today, along with Senator Klobuchar,  legislation that would cut the cost of prescription drugs under  Medicare in half--not by 10 percent, not 30 percent--cut the cost of  prescription drugs under Medicare in half. It would do that by making  sure that Medicare pays the same low prices for prescription drugs as  the Veterans' Administration does.   Why is it that the VA pays so much less for prescription drugs than  Medicare? The answer is pretty simple. While the VA has been able to  negotiate with the pharmaceutical industry for the past 30 years,  Congress banned Medicare by law from doing anything to lower  prescription drug prices. And the result is that, according to the  nonpartisan Government Accountability Office, Medicare pays twice as  much for the exact same prescription drugs as the VA.   All right. You talk about dysfunctionality. You talk about crazy. You  have two branches of government. VA pays X, Medicare pays 2X. How in  God's name does that make sense to anybody other than the  pharmaceutical industry? This is totally absurd. And if the VA can  negotiate with the drug companies, so can Medicare.   By the way, for all of the great deficit hawks here staying up nights  worrying about the deficit, let me tell you,  [[Page S606]]  if we do that, we will save Medicare some $900 billion over the next  decade. I would like to see where the deficit hawks are on this issue-- $900 billion, 10 years. That is real money.   The VA, obviously, is not the only Agency that negotiates for lower  drug prices. That is something that takes place in every other major  country on Earth. There is no rational reason for the pharmaceutical  industry to charge the American people $98.70 for a standard unit of  insulin that can be purchased in the UK for just $7.52, and on and on  it goes.   The American people are being played for suckers. They have bought  the U.S. Congress, and it is time now for Congress to stand up to these  people.   With that, I would mention that what we are talking about--what  Senator Klobuchar and I are talking about is not some radical far-left  idea. I get that. I don't know if Senator Klobuchar gets that, but it  is not some radical, far-left idea; it is a fairly popular idea.   According to an October 2021 poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation, 83  percent of the American people want Medicare to negotiate with the  pharmaceutical industry to lower the cost of prescription drugs, and  poll after poll shows the same thing. Maybe, just maybe--ready for a  radical idea, Madam President? Maybe, just maybe, instead of doing the  work of the lobbyists and the pharmaceutical industry, we might just  want to represent the American people.   I yield the floor.    Senator Klobuchar said it all. I know we are spending  the week dealing with Assistant Secretaries or something or another-- and that is all terribly important--but the American people want us to  start acting on their needs.   At the top of the list, as Senator Klobuchar just said--and what she  said about folks in Minnesota is exactly the same everywhere. You hear  the same stories in Vermont. People die and get sick because they can't  afford prescription drugs.    I say to my Republican friend, the time is now to have that debate.  You want to vote against this bill? Hey, that is your right. You go  home and explain it to the people. That is what democracy is. Some of  us still believe in democracy, by the way.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that at a time to be determined today by the majority leader,  following consultation of the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to  the consideration of S. 3615, which was introduced earlier today; that  there be 2 hours for debate, equally divided; that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate  vote on passage of the bill without intervening action or debate.    I say to my friend from Idaho, we have been going  through regular order dealing with prescription drugs for 40 years. It  hasn't quite worked.   Your bill has gone nowhere. My bill has gone nowhere. If you have got  objections to what Senator Klobuchar and I are doing, let's debate them  on the floor of the Senate.   We have heard all the talking points from you that the pharmaceutical  industry wrote--I got that. They spend a lot of money writing these  talking points. Let's have that debate right here. The bill that  Senator Klobuchar and I are proposing is supported by over 80 percent  of the American people and, I dare say, a vast majority of the people  of Idaho. You want to oppose it. Go for it.   Let's have the damn debate right here on the floor, and if it takes 1  week, great. If it takes 2 weeks, great. You will agree with me that  this is an issue that the American people care about so I would hope  that you would reconsider. Let's bring it to the floor. Offer your  amendments. Let's have the debate.   