 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 741, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be  agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I rise to ask passage by unanimous  consent, my resolution to express the sense of the Senate that the  unprecedented crisis at the southern border constitutes an invasion of  the United States of America and that it is the constitutional right of  State Governors to repel the dangerous ongoing invasion across the  southern border.   I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution because the  Federal Government has failed--intentionally or unintentionally--to  uphold its obligations to protect the States from invasion under  article 4, section 4 of the U.S. Constitution.   During his campaign to become President, Joe Biden made it clear to  the entire world that if he became President, America would be open-- not open for business but that our southern border would be open, wide  open, for anyone and everyone to violate our Nation's immigration laws  and to take advantage of America's generosity. Yes, it would be wide  open for drug smugglers, convicted murderers, domestic abusers, and sex  offenders, open for terror suspects.   In 2019, Joe Biden called for ``all those people seeking asylum'' to  immediately surge to the border. He pledged free healthcare for illegal  immigrants and pledged support for sanctuary cities. One of his first  actions as President was ending proposed legislation to Congress that  would provide a path to citizenship for 10 to 12 million illegal aliens  residing in the United States.   On his first day in office, he halted construction of President  Trump's border wall and halted the ``Remain in Mexico'' program.   This open border--opened by Joe Biden--has resulted in an  unprecedented, unrelenting massive wave of illegal aliens entering our  country.   Last year, Border Patrol made more than 1.7 million arrests of  illegal immigrants along the southern border, which is the highest  level ever recorded, and is on pace to arrest more than 2 million  illegal immigrants along our border during this fiscal year.   And now that Joe Biden is prepared to end the title 42 policy that  enabled  [[Page S3903]]  us to expel many of those crossing the border back into Mexico, the  vast majority of those violating our country's immigration laws will be  released into the interior of our Nation where Democrats will insist  they remain for the rest of their lives.   Last year, the number of drug overdose deaths in the United States  topped 100,000--fentanyl being the cause of two-thirds of them. In  fact, fentanyl is now the No. 1 cause of death of Americans, ages 18 to  45.   Last year, Border Patrol seized at the southern border 11,000 pounds  of fentanyl, 5,400 pounds of heroin, 191,000 pounds of meth, 97,000  pounds of cocaine, and 10,000 pounds of ketamine--many, many, many  multiples of the amounts needed to kill every man, woman, and child in  the United States.   Now, if you speak to Border Patrol agents trying to deal with the  crisis, they will tell you the Biden administration has completely  forbidden them to enforce immigration law. They have been made ushers  and nursemaids for illegal immigration.   This invasion is wreaking havoc on communities all across our  country, and it simply cannot go on any longer. It is long past time  for States to protect their interests because Joe Biden has made it  clear the Federal Government will not.   President Biden's dereliction of duty and failure to take care that  the laws be faithfully executed at our southern border has directly put  the citizens of all 50 States in danger and has resulted in loss of  life.   Let me be crystal clear. The violent activity and smuggling of drugs,  humans, guns, and other illicit goods carried out by drug cartels and  transnational criminal organizations meet the definitions of ``actually  invaded'' under clause 3 of section 10 of article I of the U.S.  Constitution; and ``invasion'' under section 4 of article IV of the  U.S. Constitution; and Governors of all 50 States possess the authority  and power as commander in chief of their respective States to repel the  invasion described in paragraph 2.   I encourage the passage of this resolution to stand in solidarity  with the Governors of these United States who must take matters in  their own hands to protect their citizens against this invasion.   I yield the floor.   