 Reserving the right to object.    Dr. Gupta received a tie vote in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. There is a Senate process that has been agreed to  by both parties by which the leader can discharge a nomination with a  tie vote from this committee to bring it before the full Senate, if he  so chooses.   I am saying this as a person who has been put through 30 hours of  cloture himself when I served in the executive branch and went through  this very process.   We should not break from Senate process and procedure with regard to  Dr. Gupta's nomination. Members should have the opportunity to vote,  and the majority leader can schedule it.   Additionally, I think the vast majority of Senators from both sides  value the economic empowerment of women everywhere around the globe.  The previous administration made economic empowerment for women  worldwide one of its signature initiatives.   I served as a diplomat at that time in the previous administration,  and the senior Senator from New Hampshire was a valuable partner in  many of our efforts, which I very much appreciate.   So I think that there is a goal we share, but there are valid  concerns on our side that the current administration is tainting this  worthy goal and dismantling the bipartisan achievements of the previous  administration. We deserve to have a better understanding of what this  administration is doing before we rush ahead and totally bypass the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee to confirm the person who will be  the chief implementer of this administration's policies.   I am not comfortable giving consent to expedite consideration of this  nominee.   Therefore, I object.    Madam President, I have great respect for my colleague  from New Hampshire. I worked very hard on the WGDP initiative that was  put in place by the previous administration. It has the potential to do  so much good.   I am very concerned about elements of that being dismantled right  now, and I would like to remind my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle that this is a matter of priorities.   Again, I will reiterate that I was put through 30 hours of cloture.  The rules have been improved since then to reduce that amount of time.  I think it would be a total of 4 hours in this case, yet the priorities  set by the leadership of the other side indicate that they don't care  as much about these positions because they won't even schedule it.   It is certainly within the Senate majority leader's power to do that.  Rather, the Senate majority leader would rather prioritize seating the  Postal Board of Governors than putting Ambassadors into place.   So I have difficulty with this argument, and, with all due respect,  my objection stands.   