 Madam Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleague, Congressman  Perlmutter, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, the bills included in this rule serve as an expression  of gratitude for all veterans, regardless of their official service  status.   My State of North Carolina alone has nearly 12,000 National Guard  members, each of whom deserves to be recognized  [[Page H25]]  for their sacrifice on behalf of our Nation.   Reservists and National Guard members take on challenging, admirable,  and oftentimes lifesaving work, especially throughout the COVID-19  crisis. We owe it to these exceptional Americans to provide gold- standard education benefits, medical care, and mental health support.   A critical inflection point in all veterans' lives is their  transition to civilian life. We know that during this period, veterans  disproportionately face mental health crises. That is why in  partnership with Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon, Congressman Bowman,  Congresswoman Moore, I have offered an amendment to H.R. 1836 that  takes proactive steps to offer support.   Our amendment requires the VA to provide new veterans with  information on the medical services they can access, including the  mental health care and military sexual trauma resources to which they  are entitled.   My father served as a psychiatrist in the Air Force during the  Vietnam era, a particularly challenging time for our veterans. He  witnessed firsthand the need for mental health care among this  population.   In addition, one of the issues--military sexual trauma, leaving  veterans with scars, both physical and psychological--is affected by  this legislation. I have introduced other legislation on this issue and  I am committed to helping veterans who have experienced this trauma  access support.   Veterans can't benefit from VA services unless they know about them.  Unfortunately, many veterans lack information of the full range of  resources available. Our amendment will raise awareness among  transitioning veterans about VA services and the care they deserve.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, the  rule, and the underlying bill.   