 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend,   Mike Kelly of  Pennsylvania, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I believe everyone has the dignity, value, and  potential. There is no right more fundamental than the right to life.  Our Founders engraved it in the Constitution. We are made in God's  image, and we carry in our hearts that spark of creation that served as  the bedrock upon which our country was founded.   Documents like the Constitution do not grant rights, they protect  rights. The Dobbs v. Jackson decision will go down in history not only  as the end of one era but the dawn of another more hopeful one.   The decision that the Court made was based on the 14th Amendment and  the civil rights of a woman and her reproductive rights. The decision  was controversial. It is not in the Constitution, and it was a terrible  decision. It was decided based on the civil rights of the mother.   We know that the child has a heartbeat in 6 weeks and can feel pain  at 15 weeks which was the Mississippi law that it was contested on. And  we know a child born at 24 weeks will survive.   My question is: When does that child enjoy the same rights under the  14th Amendment as the mother?   Is it at conception?   Is it at 6 weeks, the heartbeat, which Georgia law is based on?   Or is it the Mississippi law or when that child is born maybe  prematurely at 24 weeks?   This is God's Word. God told Jeremiah that He knew him before He  webbed him in the womb.   What my colleagues are proposing tomorrow on the House floor goes far  beyond Roe. This legislation, if codified into law, would require  healthcare providers at the command of the mother to rip a full-term  baby from the womb while the mother is in labor; if the baby likely  survives, orders the child to be killed.   This is unconscionable and barbaric and must be stopped. Only eight  nations, as has been said earlier, allow this barbaric practice; two of  them are North Korea and China. We are not in good company here.   I cry out to my colleagues to stop this insanity. Let us all enjoy  life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness--even the defenseless  unborn.   