 Madam Speaker, as the father of an elementary school  child, I am devastated every time we have a school shooting. That is  why identifying solutions to stop these tragedies is so important to  me.   There are only two significant gun safety bills to pass Congress  recently. Both were Republican bills passed by a Republican majority  and signed by a Republican President.   The Democrats' mantra has been ``do something.'' My Republican  colleagues and I know that the American people expect us to do  something that matters.   That is why I introduced H.R. 7966, the STOP II, Secure Every School  and Protect our Nation's Children Act. It builds on the STOP School  Violence Act signed into law in 2018 and redirects unused COVID-19  funding to provide $1 billion to hire school resource officers, and it  provides $1 billion to hire mental health guidance counselors.   Our guidance counselors are wonderful, caring people who are  stretched too thin. They may not always have the time they need to  reach all the children who need help. There is $5 billion included to  fund STOP School Violence programs that harden schools, expand active  shooter training, and provide resources for law enforcement, school  officials, and students to intervene before someone reaches a breaking  point.    Under my legislation, schools can also apply for threat assessments  to identify weaknesses in security and in mental health services. A  clearinghouse is also codified under Homeland Security to share best  practices for school safety.   My STOP II Act is one of 12 bills that House Republicans are bringing  forward that actually solve problems and actually save lives, all  without threatening the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding  citizens. If gun control worked, Chicago would be one of the safest  cities in America.   My colleagues across the aisle have so far refused to work with us  where there is common ground on this issue. They and the media know the  bills we are considering today have no chance of becoming law.   I ask my colleagues across the aisle to set aside this partisan  agenda. Instead, help me to harden schools. Help me to intervene with  students in a mental health crisis before they reach a breaking point.   Imagine the impact if we had intervened and gotten the help that this  young man in Uvalde needed before he dropped out of high school. Help  me protect our children and teachers to make sure tragedies like this  never happen again.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 7910 to  provide needed resources to schools for safety and security and mental  health intervention and counseling.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   