 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues, the ranking member  and the chairman, for bringing this bill to the floor.   I rise today in support of my bill to rename the veterans community- based outpatient clinic in San Angelo, Texas, the Colonel Charles and  JoAnne Powell VA Clinic.   I cannot think of two people more deserving of this honor than  Colonel Charles and JoAnne Powell. They are both true American heroes  who, for their entire lives, dedicated their service to this country  through a distinguished career not only in the U.S. Air Force but later  in civilian life when they became two of the most ardent and fervent  leaders for military and veterans issues.   They shared a love story not only between themselves but also for  this country. Colonel Charles and JoAnne Powell met in preschool in  Nashville, Arkansas. They graduated high school together, and they were  married in 1954 after Charles graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and  then joined the Air Force. No matter where Charles' missions took them  around the world to different locations, JoAnne was right there,  serving alongside him.   Colonel Powell and JoAnne first flew into San Angelo in 1980, and he  became the base commander of Goodfellow and JoAnne the honorary first  lady. Their mission was daunting, as they were tasked with saving  Goodfellow, which was slated for closure. Not only did they immediately  spring into action to save the base, but they built a lasting  partnership that lasts today between the community and the base,  completely converting the base mission into one of a premier  intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and fire training  installation for every branch of the U.S. military.   After Charles retired, they settled in San Angelo, and their legacy  has left over 360,000 graduates from Goodfellow Air Force Base that  have joined all branches and all intelligence agencies, including not  just the military but the CIA, DIA, FBI, NSA, and more.   Thankfully, their professional service has made this country better,  but it is there where they decided to plant their roots and set to work  in their community, making it a better place.   In addition to her service as a military spouse, JoAnne Powell gave  of herself through immeasurable community involvement on countless  boards and civic organizations. Through her 35-year career as a  congressional liaison for the 11th District, she worked for  Representatives Tom Loeffler, Lamar Smith, Mike Conaway, and, lastly,  myself.    She served thousands of veterans in this position. She helped in any  way she possibly could. Not only did she spearhead the annual process  of nominating young men and women to the service academies, which was a  year-round position for both her and Charles Powell, but she also  achieved what I think is probably more lasting in helping those cadets  and those midshipmen go through the academies, including myself, which  was probably her most generous contribution.    Madam Speaker, Charles and JoAnne Powell were a perfect  team, and they supported one another as they completed their missions  of life with flying colors. Together, they raised an exceptional  daughter, Terri, and adored their two wonderful grandchildren.   I am thrilled today to be able to honor them, to honor their service,  the impact that they had in the Concho Valley, the impact that they had  on so many veterans, and the impact that they had on our military with  the naming of the Charles and JoAnne Powell VA Clinic.   I thank the chairman and ranking member and the entire Texas  delegation and your staffs for helping make this a reality. Obviously,  I thank Charles and JoAnne Powell for their love of this country, which  is a legacy that I think all of us could stand to learn from.   