 Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, let me clarify what this motion is.  This motion today is to ask for a unanimous consent of all 100 Senators  to be able to move a nominee through the process, a nominee that, when  she came through the Foreign Relations Committee, every single  Republican opposed--every one of them.   It seems the frustration here doesn't seem to be with Republicans; it  seems to be with the Democratic leader, quite frankly. This nominee was  brought to the committee last year and then was voted out of the  committee in July of this year but has never been brought to the floor  for a vote--never. Instead, it has been to try to do a unanimous  consent when my colleagues full well know that every single Republican  on the Foreign Relations Committee opposes this nominee. And now the  request is: Now that you opposed her in committee, now consent on the  floor to be able to support her. That is not going to happen,  obviously.   Now, we have not blocked a vote. If the Democratic leader wants to be  able to bring this nominee to a vote, he has had plenty of opportunity  to be able to do that and still has plenty of opportunity to be able to  do that. No one is inhibiting a vote on the floor.   What we oppose is what is being pushed onto us to say: Now  unanimously consent to someone you know you don't agree to in the first  place. It has often been interesting in this conversation to say this  nominee has nothing to do with reproductive rights, has nothing to do  with that. I have heard that from my colleagues.   It is fascinating to me that Planned Parenthood put out a statement  in strong support of this nominee and specifically stated in their  release: because she will speak out on reproductive rights for women  globally.   So either Planned Parenthood is not telling the truth or something  else. So it is interesting, when we get into this dialogue, to say: OK,  let's just have the vote on it and allow everyone to be able to speak  out.   We have a disagreement on this nominee, but it is the right of the  Democratic leader to be able to bring who he chooses to the floor for a  vote at any time. But I would say, as one Republican of many, please  don't ask me to unanimously consent to someone that we have a  philosophical difference with.   So, with that, I object.    Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, I would say to my colleague that,  obviously, I am not in the position to be able to make a decision for  all of my colleagues at this moment whether that is acceptable. That is  something we should discuss with the ranking member of the Foreign  Relations Committee and with the Republican leader and allow our  conference to be able to have that dialogue if that is an acceptable  thing.  [[Page S7179]]    So at this point, I would object just saying I am not in a position  because I am not going to speak for the ranking member of the Foreign  Relations Committee, who voted unanimously in opposition to this  nomination.    Absolutely.    If I may respond to my colleague as well.    Have I engaged in a colloquy, in a conversation?  Actually, I have not. The members of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, as you serve faithfully in that role--that is not a  committee I serve on, but I do know that all the Republican members of  the committee have had the opportunity to be able to sit down with her  personally and to be able to go through all of those notes.    I know how she came through the committee without any Republican  support at all, and I know the different statements that have been put  up--one by Planned Parenthood, a very strong statement in support of  her specifically on the issue of women's reproductive rights.   That seems to say, at least somebody is saying this role is going to  take on that issue. But that is not a committee that I currently serve  on, but I do know those well who do.    Madam President, I would affirm, again, as a husband  and as a dad of two daughters and as someone who is very passionate  about global women's issues as well, I am fully aware that women do a  lot more than have babies--regardless of Health and Human Services  currently using the term ``birthing people'' and ``menstruating  persons,'' which, again, I find offensive in the process as well--that  this is a group of people, half the population of the Earth, that has  made tremendous contributions, including my own wife and my own family.   I would just simply ask the question: This is not a nominee that we  are going to give unanimous support to, but I am unsure why the  Democratic leader has not scheduled this vote now for months on the  floor when there have been months that we have been in session but it  has yet to be scheduled for a vote.   