 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  me time.   Mr. Speaker, when I testified before the Rules Committee yesterday on  behalf of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee Republicans, I  expressed my frustration with the process that got us here. At nearly  3,000 pages, H.R. 4521 is a partisan package tossed together by  Democratic leadership behind closed doors with no Republican input-- probably the only thing they lacked was the cigar smoke.  [[Page H814]]    As I stand before you today, Mr. Speaker, my serious concerns with  the America COMPETES Act have only increased. After a back-room process  last night, 261 out of the over 600 submitted amendments were made in  order, and there seems to be no rhyme or reason why, Mr. Speaker.   That is right. This week, we are going to consider 261 amendments to  a 3,000-page bill. Frankly, the sheer number of the amendments reflects  what happens when rank and file Members on both sides of the aisle are  not given an opportunity to legislate in their respective committees.   This is a stark contrast, Mr. Speaker, to the way we do business on  the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. The fact that there are a  dozen bipartisan Science, Space, and Technology Committee bills mixed  up in this bag of poison pills only adds to the confusion.   On that note, I want to be very clear. Just because this 3,000-page  behemoth has bipartisan bills in it does not mean it is a bipartisan  bill. Those bipartisan bills were hijacked and misused for political  gamesmanship.   The plain truth is that the hundreds of unrelated partisan policies  that were crammed into this bill ruined any chance of bipartisanship.   Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed in this wasted opportunity. We have  had shared momentum to take action on China.   Instead of voting on this partisan catchall bill with more references  to coral reefs than to China, let's focus on what is most important. I  don't know, how about strengthening American competitiveness and  holding China accountable for its actions?   We should get back to prioritizing truly productive legislation--by  that, I mean bipartisan--to increase our international competitiveness  like H.R. 3593, the DOE Science for the Future Act, which passed the  House last summer with 351 votes, I might add.   Mr. Speaker, the stakes are higher than ever, and we cannot afford to  put our national security and prosperity at risk.   Mr. Speaker, it is kind of ironic. The leftists on the other side of  the aisle have ignored the Chinese threat for years, and now they have  suddenly got religion. It is kind of ironic.   Now that I think about it, Mr. Speaker, the America COMPETES Act may  actually be a good title as the so-called America COMPETES Act may  indeed compete as one of the worst bills ever.    For that reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.   