 Madam President, the State Antitrust Enforcement Venue Act  is a much needed reform that would put State attorneys general bringing  antitrust suits under the Federal antitrust law on equal footing  alongside Federal antitrust enforcement personnel by allowing them to  avoid consolidation with private antitrust suits.   This would shield these important antitrust actions from the  inefficiencies of coordinating their litigation with their slower  moving counterparts brought by private litigants, and it would also  respect our federalist system of government and recognize the unique  and essential role that States play specifically in enforcing our  antitrust laws.   No doubt, this is exactly why this bill is supported by 45 State  attorneys general, including Utah, Minnesota, Illinois, Iowa, Texas,  California, Vermont, South Carolina, Rhode Island, Delaware, Nebraska,  Connecticut, Missouri, Hawaii, New Jersey, Arkansas, Louisiana, and  North Carolina, representing the home States of almost every member of  the Senate Judiciary Committee.   My own reasons for introducing the legislation are simple. States are  sovereign entities, and they are entitled to  [[Page S2472]]  pursue law enforcement actions in defense of their citizens in the  venue and in the manner they think best, period.   Allowing State antitrust enforcement actions to be consolidated with  private lawsuits not only impinges upon State sovereignty, it also  needlessly delays consumer redress for antitrust harm.   For example, the case brought by 16 States in the Commonwealth of  Puerto Rico alleging that Google's conduct in digital advertising has  violated Federal antitrust laws was transferred from Texas, where that  lawsuit was originally filed, to the Southern District of New York to  be consolidated with other cases. The transfer was ordered in August of  last year. Some 9 months later, discovery is still stayed, and no  progress has been made. Had the case just remained in Texas, discovery  would be well underway, and the trial was scheduled for next summer.  Instead, the case is languishing, and potential remedies to consumer  harm are being postponed. Google's delay tactics have been successful.    We must eliminate this loophole--a loophole that allows monopolists  to delay antitrust enforcement actions brought by State attorneys  general. I therefore urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   So, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 261, S.  1787. I further ask that the Lee amendment at the desk be considered  and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third  time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the insight and the enthusiasm  for antitrust law and even for this legislation that has been expressed  by my friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from Minnesota.  She and I have been partners on a number of things, including the fact  that we have alternated back and forth as the chair  [[Page S2473]]  and ranking member of the Antitrust Subcommittee in the Senate for over  a decade now.   As she mentioned, she is the lead cosponsor with me on this bill. We  have worked together on it.   Look: I agree completely that we need to hold Big Tech accountable  under antitrust laws. If you want to hold Big Tech accountable, pass  this bill. Pass this bill today. There is not a reason to delay.   No, I understand and appreciate her desire to pass the Klobuchar- Grassley bill. I get that. It is a different proposal. It is not  inconsistent with this one. There is no reason why this one couldn't  pass and still allow the other one to move forward, nor is there any  reason why this measure becoming law would, in any way, undermine that  legislation or that legislative proposal.   As to reaching a deal or not reaching a deal, we have been in  conversations with the office of Senator Klobuchar for months-- literally, months--about it. We talked about different strategies for  making sure that we could get it passed--what might have to change. We  both discussed the fact that we preferred to keep the bill intact with  the retroactivity provisions in there, but, if necessary, we could  remove the retroactivity provisions if, by so doing, we could get it  past the hotline. All of that has been done in consultation with the  office of the Senator from Minnesota for months--literally months. So  none of this is a surprise. This was done in tandem with Senator  Klobuchar's office.   Finally, I feel the need to push back against the notion that  whenever something bigger could happen, nothing smaller in that area  may be allowed to pass prior to that. This is a discreet, very specific  fix to antitrust law that is desperately needed--urgently needed in  order to hold Big Tech accountable under our antitrust laws. There is  no good reason to delay this, and it is unfortunate today that we can't  do that. I least expected it from the lead cosponsor of the  legislation.   