 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Minnesota for her great work here in the Congress and for yielding  time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation. We all know  that sexual assault and harassment are as wrong as wrong can be.  Victims of sexual harassment and sexual assault must have their claims  heard. They must never be silenced or intimidated into silence. But the  outrage we rightly feel on behalf of these victims does not mean we  should rush to pass a bill that could leave many of them worse off.   In the Judiciary Committee, we heard from experts about why this  bill's approach is misguided. For example, some of the bill's  supporters repeatedly claim that arbitration is what keeps victims from  publicizing their experiences or going to authorities and law  enforcement. But arbitration is not automatically secret or otherwise  confidential.   Agreeing to resolve a case outside of court is different from  agreeing to silence. Arbitration does not prevent anyone from speaking  out. Anyone who has agreed to arbitrate may still go to authorities and  law enforcement to report the wrongdoing, and well they should.   There is an important distinction between agreeing to arbitrate and  agreeing to silence. This distinction matters because much of the push  for this legislation comes from concerns about secrecy rather than from  an honest assessment of whether arbitration advances justice. Yet  despite the focus on secrecy, the text of this bill never actually  addresses confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements.   Another key talking point for supporters of this legislation is that  it gives plaintiffs more choice over how to resolve disputes, but that  is not how arbitration works.   Giving one party the unilateral ability to cancel a two-way agreement  to arbitrate will functionally take the option to arbitrate completely  off the table. For one thing, contracts will be far less likely to  include an option to arbitrate in the first place now. For another, we  know that if parties can't agree in advance to arbitrate, then they are  unlikely to agree to arbitrate after there has been a dispute. As a  result, the plaintiff may never get to arbitration.   More often than not, victims do not have deep pockets or the  potential for large-sum litigation settlements like those that are  available to high-profile figures. This bill will cause these women to  lose the potential benefits of arbitration.   Lawsuits are normally long and costly, and companies often have  enough money to vigorously defend these claims. These lawsuits are an  ordeal for victims who, in a normal case, must undergo discovery, give  depositions, and may even need to give public testimony. The rules of  litigation may make it much harder for victims to tell their stories in  their own words and get the relief they deserve.   Arbitration can be a welcomed alternative to the rigors and trauma of  litigation, but Democrats want to pretend that this bill won't limit  access to arbitration for victims of assault.   In reality, the bill is more about empowering the trial bar than  actual victims. As drafted, the text gives trial lawyers every  incentive to craft complaints and allege sexual harassment or assault  to get whole cases out of arbitration and into court.   Ultimately, this bill will empower the plaintiffs' bar in ways that  some of its supporters may not intend but that Democrats and trial  lawyers certainly do.   For years, Democrats have pursued plaintiffs' lawyers' wish to gut  arbitration agreements for all kinds of different claims. If Democrats  and the trial bar had their way, everyone from consumers of financial  services, to civil rights plaintiffs, to those with antitrust claims  and others would be forced into court even if they would rather agree  to arbitrate at the outset.   Don't be fooled. What is best for plaintiffs' lawyers is not always  what is best for plaintiffs.   Let's ensure whatever legislative vehicle we use actually makes  things better. I am very concerned about this legislation and how it  will actually play out for victims in practice and for the adverse  consequences it could have.   Madam Speaker, for those reasons, I would urge that we oppose the  bill.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   