 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here today to take a moment and  remember the tragedy that occurred 4 years ago at Marjory Stoneman  Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. And I want to discuss some  legislation that I have introduced that results from that. But remember  that day.   On that day, we lost 17 innocent souls from this globe of ours, and  it was at the hands of a troubled and evil young man who entered the  school and opened fire.   This tragedy can't be forgotten and should not be forgotten, not by  the survivors of this attack, not by the families who lost loved ones,  and then, eventually, not by this Congress because we can do something  about it. We must continue finding solutions to prevent these attacks.  In this spirit, today, I am back here on the Senate floor pushing for  passage of my bipartisan and bicameral EAGLES Act.   My bill is supported by over 40 State attorneys general, along with  several groups, including Stand with Parkland, the Fraternal Order of  Police, the National Association of Secondary School Principals, and,  lastly, the Major County Sheriffs of America.   Passing the EAGLES Act is very vital in our fight to protect our  schools and to promote a safe and healthy learning environment for our  children.   Just this month, the National Institute of Justice published an  article discussing common traits of people who engage in mass  shootings. This study covers the years between 1966 and 2019.   Their analysis showed that the people who commit these acts were  commonly troubled by personal trauma before the shooting, nearly always  in a state of crisis at the time they committed their awful acts, and  in most cases even engaged in leaking their plans before they opened  fire. Every single one of those findings applies to the shooter at  Parkland, FL.   It is clear that we need to ramp up prevention efforts. We need the  EAGLES Act because that act would achieve these aims, and it would do  it by reauthorizing and expanding the U.S. Secret Service's National  Threat Assessment Center to proactively identify and manage threats  before they result in more tragedies. The National  [[Page S657]]  Threat Assessment Center studies targeted violence and proactively  identifies how to manage threats before they result in more tragedies.   The bill that I introduced, the EAGLES Act, also establishes a Safe  Schools Initiative to look at school violence prevention and expands  research on school violence.   My bill also provides funding to hire social scientists with  expertise in child psychological development to support the National  Threat Assessment Center's work. This is important to make sure that  proven and evidence-based policies will continue to support everyone in  the school environment and do it positively.   Students need more support from Congress for a safe, positive, and  inclusive learning environment. The EAGLES Act delivers just that by  providing resources and training to school personnel, which will enable  them to identify troubled youth and give them the intervention and  treatment they need, hopefully long before an intervention is needed by  law enforcement.   While we cannot undo the tragedies of the past, we must continue  working on ways to prevent future tragedies.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   I yield the floor.   