 Madam President, just last night, U.S. Navy LT Ridge Alkonis  was forced to leave his wife and three children and report to a  Japanese prison. An American serviceman had to explain to his children  that although he had done absolutely nothing wrong, he had to leave  them, and he had to leave them to be incarcerated in a prison on  foreign soil for 3 whole years--a prison inside a land that he had been  asked to serve in by his country, to protect that country. And now he  is in prison in  [[Page S3630]]  that country, having been ordered to prison by that country even though  he had done nothing wrong.   While serving his country in Japan, Lieutenant Alkonis, a man who  loves the country of Japan, who has spent years there, who had spent  years there many years before the U.S. Navy had assigned him to serve  in Japan--he served there for 2 years as a missionary. He learned the  language. Both as a missionary and as a member of the U.S. Navy, he has  continued his acts of community service in every community where he has  lived and served. He is a model, an upstanding citizen in every  respect. He is a decent, kind, intelligent, hard-working officer, and a  loving husband and father.   It is while serving in Japan that he was involved in a car accident.  It was a car accident that resulted from a tragic, unforeseeable,  unforeseen medical emergency.   Now, that accident left two people dead. I speak sincerely when I say  that my deepest sympathies go out to the victims of that accident,  along with their families and their friends and their loved ones. I  can't begin to imagine their sense of loss and confusion and hurt and  even anger associated with the horrific accident.   It is important to note, however, that this was, in fact, an  accident. In no way, shape, or form do the facts of the case suggest  otherwise--quite to the contrary. All of the facts in evidence indicate  that this is what happened, and yet the Japanese court continues to  insist that Lieutenant Alkonis somehow had some culpability, that he  did something wrong. They continue to float the false narrative that he  fell asleep while driving as a result of his own carelessness or  negligence. That simply is not true.   The accident occurred at 1 p.m. a little over a year ago--at 1 p.m.  in broad daylight. Lieutenant Alkonis was well rested and had no reason  to be tired or drowsy. In fact, he was having a conversation with his  daughter when he passed out midsentence. He remained unconscious  despite his daughter's repeated attempts to yell and scream and kick  the seat. Alkonis did not wake in response to his daughter's cries, nor  did he wake even upon impact when the accident occurred. No matter how  deep a sleeper, anyone would be awakened by either of these events, but  he didn't. He remained unconscious even after the collision.   It is important to note that eyewitnesses reported that Lieutenant  Alkonis's color had drained from his face, which is precisely  consistent with what would happen with someone who has suffered from a  syncopal episode like this one. He was too weak to even open his car  door after he finally regained consciousness in the wake of the  accident.   It is simply disingenuous that Judge Kumiko Maesawa would offer such  a simplistic view by stating that Alkonis should have pulled over if he  felt drowsy. It flies in the face of the evidence and the experiences  of everyone at the scene, including--and especially--his family, who  were present at the time. The comments are even more egregious  considering the fact that the Japanese authorities didn't even so much  as bother to conduct a thorough investigation into the medical event  following the crash. They appear to have been willfully inclined to  disregard pretty clear indications of a medical emergency. Apparently,  it wasn't what they wanted to find. So they didn't find it. So they  didn't conduct the thorough investigation that needed to be conducted.  He was even denied a medical evaluation before the Japanese police  subjected him to 26 days of rigorous detention and custodial  interrogation before he was so much as charged.   This is not how friends treat each other. This is not how one  friendly nation treats another nation when one nation sends its best  and its brightest and its bravest, including people like LT Ridge  Alkonis, to go and fight to protect that country. That is not how we  treat each other as nations.   The U.S. Navy did conduct an investigation, the same kind of  investigation that should have been conducted by the Japanese  authorities but the Japanese authorities didn't conduct. And in that  investigation the U.S. Navy, very thorough in its approach, concluded  that Lieutenant Alkonis, in fact, lost consciousness, and the loss of  consciousness was attributed in that thorough investigation to  something known as acute mountain sickness. There were no drugs in his  system. There was no alcohol in his system. Nothing like that had  anything to do with this crash. And yet, even after the Navy concluded  that he was not at fault, Lieutenant Alkonis did everything within his  power to remedy the situation, because being the brave, patriotic,  decent, kind, loving American that he is, he was heartbroken over the  fact that an accident had occurred that he was involved in and that two  people had lost their lives.   You know, there is a tradition in the Japanese culture, a tradition  that is in so many respects admirable. It is known as the ``gomenasai''  tradition. Under the ``gomenasai'' tradition, when something awful  happens, there is an attempt made by those involved in an incident or  resulting in loss. You go to the family, the loved ones of the  deceased, and offer something to offset it. We may think of it in rough  terms here as a crude approximation of restitution. It is not exactly  that, but it is a significant, profound gesture of remorse of the fact  that the incident happened at all. In fact, he paid over $1.5 million  to the victims' families, more than what would ordinarily be considered  customary within the ``gomenasai'' tradition.    He has expressed deep and sincere remorse, and despite all of this,  despite all of his efforts through the ``gomenasai'' process, despite  all of these mitigating circumstances, despite the deep remorse, and  despite the noble, unblemished record of distinguished service to the  U.S. Navy and to Japan, despite using every resource at his disposal to  make things right, he is still in prison.   I find it nothing short of inexcusable that an American who  experienced a medical emergency should be treated so poorly by an  allied nation that he is protecting. Japanese nationals convicted of  the same crime are routinely granted leniency. In fact, 95 percent of  similarly charged defendants get a suspended sentence; meaning, even if  they are charged, even if they are convicted, 95 percent of them don't  actually have to do prison time because their sentence has been  suspended.   Clearly, the Japanese judicial system is trying to make an example of  Lieutenant Alkonis, perhaps stemming from a history of disputes over  our status of forces agreement. But I will note here that those  disputes have absolutely nothing to do with Lieutenant Alkonis. No, he  is being targeted here because he is an American and because he was in  the unfortunate position of having suffered a medical emergency that  resulted in tragedy.   This is no way for a friendly nation to treat a friendly nation.  These conversations are difficult because we have a great relationship  with Japan. We have been allies for a long time. We have had a good  relationship under our status of forces agreement. So these  conversations are difficult, but not in spite of the fact that our  Nations are friendly but because they are friendly, we need to have  difficult conversations, just as sometimes it is only a friend who can  approach a friend and speak the truth.   How, I would ask, can we possibly ensure justice for the thousands of  American men and women who serve our country abroad when they face  prejudice because of their status as Americans and as American  servicemen and servicewomen?   Lieutenant Alkonis represents our best--our very best, the best of  the best. If our servicemembers can't get fair treatment from the  country they have been tasked to defend--especially those who, like  Lieutenant Alkonis, represent the very best ideals of the U.S. Navy-- then maybe it is time to revisit key portions of our status of forces  agreement with Japan. If their due process protections aren't  sufficient to protect someone like Lieutenant Alkonis, to make sure  that he has an adequate opportunity to build his case, to prepare to  meet his accusers, to gather exculpatory evidence, then something is  wrong with the status of forces agreement.   I am still not entirely convinced--not at all--that there weren't  violations of the status of forces agreement. In fact, it appears that  there were here. But to the extent the status of forces agreement is  insufficient to deal with those,  [[Page S3631]]  then we need to reopen that because this is too high a price to pay.   We are willing to make sure that there are consequences to people who  disobey a law, who engage in bad behavior on foreign land. But to have  a situation like this one, where someone through no fault of his own,  just as a result of a tragic medical emergency of which he had no prior  warning whatsoever, to have him sent to prison for 3 years bereft of  his friends, his family, his career that he so deeply loved, his  children, to whom he is everything--this is wrong. We deserve better  than this from an allied nation, especially a nation with which we have  such a generally good relationship, as we do with Japan. And so I  sincerely hope and pray that Ambassador Emanuel, Secretary Blinken, and  the Department of Defense will immediately take every step possible to  negotiate with their Japanese counterparts and bring Ridge home.   I call upon the President of the United States to intervene directly  with his counterpart and bring Ridge home. I call upon all sympathetic  ears within the sound of my voice to plead not only with decision  makers in Japan but with almighty God to bring Ridge home. We need that  to happen. It is not just about Ridge Alkonis and his family. It is  about the security and confidence needed by every service family in the  American Armed Forces. Deployed whether in Japan or anywhere else, they  need to know that we have their backs. They need to know that while  they are in the service of the United States of America, we will watch  out for them; that when a foreign country makes a tragic mistake, as  they have done here, we will continue to advocate for them until we  bring them home.   I call on my colleagues to join me in the effort to bring Ridge home.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   