 Reserving the right to object, this is my first time to  be able to stand and speak since the Court made its decision in Dobbs.  I have been on this floor I actually don't know how many times talking  about the value of every single child.   The conversation today is not just about the right to travel and the  right to healthcare. It is deeper than that. It is the right to live.   The conversation today is not just about women. There are two people  in this conversation--a child with 10 fingers and 10 toes and a beating  heart and DNA that is uniquely different than the mom's DNA or the  dad's DNA. They have a nervous system. They feel pain. There is a child  in this conversation as well.   In my conversation when I have come to the floor over and over again,  it has been to say that at some point our Nation should look at basic  science and to say when you have DNA and you have a functioning nervous  system and you have cell division, in every health book everywhere in  the country, they call that life, but for some reason, on this floor,  it is just tissue.   I actually come to be able to thank millions of women and millions of  men who for five decades have not written off children, who have walked  out, who have marched, who have silently prayed, who have gathered in  places and said: When are we going to recognize what is self-evident?  That child in the womb is a child, and that child may be inconvenient,  but that is a child. When are we going to recognize that basic thing?   For 50 years, that conversation has gone on with the simple statement  of, at what point will we be able to speak out for the value of every  person, and I do mean every person, including the mom?   It has been interesting to be able to hear all the misinformation in  the past couple of weeks. I have read story after story and seen all  these breathless news reports about how women with an ectopic pregnancy  will not be able to get care; they will be doomed to die--except there  is no State law that would prohibit someone getting treatment that is  lifesaving for an ectopic pregnancy in any State. I have seen all these  breathless reports about how there will be miscarriages and you won't  be able to get care--except that is not true in a single place, not  one. This over and over riling people up.   What I have seen are 50 churches that have been attacked. What I have  seen are 57 crisis resource centers for pregnancy resource that have  been attacked and firebombed. I have seen that. Now, we don't seem to  discuss that here on the floor. No one is actually saying that all this  conversation, all this misinformation, all this noise is actually  leading to actual violence across the country. Everyone is like: Oh,  no, no; that is not related. Oh really? So when a pregnancy resource  center is firebombed and spray painted on the side of it ``If abortions  aren't safe in America, neither are you''--we should probably just  ignore that? Because that is what is actually going on across the  country right now as well.   To be very clear, no State has banned interstate travel for adult  women seeking to obtain an abortion. No State has done that. Now, am I  confident there are some people who are out there talking? Yes. But  there are also in this Senate 5,000 bills that have been filed. And how  many of them are actually going to move--as it is in every legislature  across the country, and everyone in this body knows it. Everyone knows  it. But this seems to be just trying to inflame, to raise the what-ifs.   It has been interesting to me that there is another bill that is  actually being discussed that would literally--if you are a pregnancy  resource center  [[Page S3296]]  dealing with crisis pregnancies, if you don't perform abortions, they  would call that misinformation. In the other bill that is being  discussed right now, they would fine you $100,000.   I can't even begin to explain my emotion when I think, if you take  the life of a child, there is pressure to say: We want Federal funding  to take the life of a child. If you protect the life of a child, we are  going to fine you $100,000. Is that really where we are? Is that really  what this debate has become?   This administration has quickly become the most pro-abortion  administration in American history and has rapidly moved to accelerate  abortions across the country, while millions of other Americans just  ask a simple question: Does that child in the womb have the right to  travel in their future? Do they get to live?   Some would say: No. They are terribly inconvenient. They need to die.   Others would say: Why don't we actually live by our values, including  the right to life?   So while there is conversation about how to put a piece of  legislation out that may very well protect individuals who are being  trafficked to go to other States to get an abortion or all kinds of  other issues that are there, I come back to the most basic thing: There  is a child in this conversation, and maybe this body should pay  attention to children as well and to wonder what their future could be  to travel in the days ahead as well.   I look forward to the day when we are talking more about that little  girl and less about misinformation.   I object.   