 Madam President, 10 minutes ago there was a different  Nevadan Senator sitting at the Presiding Officer's chair. Welcome.   I was at a roundtable this morning with a group of Ohio county  commissioners from conservative counties like Warren and Medina and  more progressive counties like Lucas and Hamilton--Republicans and  Democrats alike; male, female; a good cross section of Ohio leaders-- talking about the projects we are going to build and the good-paying  jobs we are going to create--jobs that will not be off-shored this time  because we came together to pass the bipartisan infrastructure bill.   Yesterday, I was on a media call with the Republican mayor of  Findlay, OH, about the I-75 bridge project that they need in Hancock  County.   The day before, I was at another roundtable with western Ohio  leaders, talking with them about how we can leverage these investments.  It is some of the most important work I am going to be doing over the  coming months, working with local and Federal officials to make sure  this investment translates into Ohio jobs.   The Presiding Officer understands this, that we pass legislation  here. With it, sometimes, comes a good bit of money, like with  infrastructure. But it is also up to us, as representing our States, to  make sure those dollars are spent efficiently and effectively and  quickly, frankly.   The infrastructure bill is some of the most important work we have  done in the Senate in a long time. We are investing in our country.   For years, mayors and businesses and workers have been telling us, as  their representatives, as their Senators, about the need to upgrade  infrastructure, but we have noticed over the years that candidates of  both parties have promised infrastructure. ``We are going to pass  an infrastructure bill when I am elected,'' they say. Plenty talk about  it, but now, with a new President and a new majority in the Senate and  the House, we are finally getting it done with this bipartisan  infrastructure bill.    Over the past few months, I have heard from communities about the  projects that this is going to allow them to accomplish.   In Toledo, with the mayor, talking about the city's plans to replace  lead pipes--my State has the dubious distinction of being the second  leading State, if you will. Our State has the second-most lead- contaminated pipes from main water lines and the pipes going into  people's homes. We have 600,000 pipes like that going into people's  homes that have high levels of lead.   And science has known, paint companies have known, lead manufacturers  have known that infants, babies ingest lead. It affects their brain  development for the rest of their lives. So one of our goals, working  with the mayor of Toledo, is over the next several years to replace  those pipes.   Ohio will get someone $1 billion in new funding to improve water  infrastructure.   The Western Hills Viaduct in Cincinnati, the Patterson Avenue Bridge  in Dayton--Ohio has some 3,200 bridges eligible for upgrades. Some of  them, like the Brent Spence, unbelievably, across the Ohio River,  carries 3 percent of GDP every day across that river.   Some of those bridges are--when I grew up working the family farm,  driving a tractor with a hay wagon crossing little culvert bridges that  dot our countryside and all over my State, many of those are in states  of disrepair.   We have seen the new pollution-free buses that communities like Akron  and Canton, Columbus, and Lake County are rolling out through Laketran,  their transit system. We have heard about how they are going to expand  service so people can get to work and school.   We have some 60,000 buses--big city buses--and another 50 or 60,000  small transit, more rural buses, that need to be replaced. They are  fossil fuel, mostly diesel engines, and we are going to replace those  over the next several years with low-emission or zero-emission buses.   From the Port of Ashtabula, the community my wife grew up in, we are  hearing about how upgrades to our ports will increase investment and  help speed up and grow Ohio supply chains.   As the Presiding Officer knows, this Congress, this Senate and the  House, frankly, over the years, at the behest of corporate lobbyists,  sold us out on trade agreements, sold us out on tax policy, so that so  many jobs left our country. The industrial Midwest was hit the hardest,  but every State was hit by that job loss because of bad government  policy, again, lobbied by some of the largest corporations in the  world--the tech companies, the drug companies, the oil industry.   We now have a President who wants to get it right and bring those  supply chains closer to home.   Now this, we also see how Ohio needs better rail infrastructure--new  rail cars for Cleveland RTA, better Amtrak service, safer rail  crossings.   But, fundamentally, this bill--the infrastructure bill--is a jobs  bill. It will create construction jobs, to be sure. It will create  jobs--union jobs: carpenters, millwrights, electricians, plumbers and  pipe fitters, sheet metal workers, laborers. It will create those kinds  of jobs but also create manufacturing jobs through the supply chain.   Senator Portman and I worked to make sure this bill has the strongest  ``Buy America'' requirements ever in an infrastructure bill with our  Build America, Buy America Act.   Every one of these projects will come with the strongest ever ``Buy  America'' rules. No more bridges--no more bay bridges in Northern  California--made entirely with Chinese steel.   We introduced the ``Build America, Buy America'' bill on President  Trump's inauguration day. Unfortunately, nothing moved because  everything got crowded out of President Trump's agenda so they could  give a huge tax cut to the richest people in the country.   We worked with other leaders now, 4 years later, with a new  President, to get it right.   With ``Buy America'' particularly, I call out Senator Baldwin from  Wisconsin, Senator Peters from Michigan and their work.   We are putting in place a clear, permanent standard: If American tax  dollars are involved, American workers should be getting the jobs. It  is going to mean more contracts for Ohio businesses.   Cleveland Cliffs' new plant in Toledo, talking about what we are  doing there, it is the cleanest steel making, I believe, in the entire  world at that new plant.   Owens Corning in Toledo; Gradall Industries in New Philadelphia, OH,  on the edge of Appalachia.   We have the potential for hundreds more bridge projects around the  State using American rebar, American steel, American iron.   It is an investment in Ohio that will pay off, creating jobs now,  both during construction and up and down the supply chain. It will help  attract new businesses. It will help keep the existing  [[Page S375]]  ones. It will connect people with their jobs and businesses.   I will spend pretty much every day, and my staff will too, making  sure that our State gets its fair share of this investment and these  jobs.   If you believe in the dignity of work, you fight for the people who  make this country work. We are seeing results.   On Wednesday, the mayor of Findlay and I were talking about the Biden  administration's announcement of $100 million in initial bridge funding  already on the way to Ohio. That focus will continue.   We are doing roundtables. We are doing briefings with Federal  officials, with local township trustees and county officials and mayors  and city officials and State officials, talking about how they can  apply for Federal funding, and to make sure communities are best  positioned to make the most of this infrastructure.   Our goal is to leverage this investment to create jobs in every city,  in every county, in every township across my great State.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 638, Joseph Donnelly,  of Indiana, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the  United States of America to the Holy See; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nomination be printed in the Record; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  consider the following nominations: All nominations placed on the  Secretary's desk in the Foreign Service; that the nominations be  confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no  further motions be in order to the nominations; and that the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be discharged from  further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 471.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 487.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration and that the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 488.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  that the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 497, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  that the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro  forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following  dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate  adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, January 24, at 1 p.m.  and Thursday, January 27, at 10 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate  adjourns on Thursday, January 27, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday,  January 31; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be  deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Brennan nomination--I would add that Brennan is  from Ohio--and that the cloture motions filed during today's session  ripen at 5:30 p.m.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order following the remarks of Senator Merkley from  Oregon.   