 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6865, the Don Young Coast  Guard Authorization Act of 2022, an important piece of legislation that  ensures that the United States Coast Guard has the funding that they  need to carry out the service's critical mission and keep our borders  safe.   Today it is with both great sadness and great respect that we name  this year's Coast Guard Authorization Act after former Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Don Young.   The passing of the dean of the House was a surprise to all of us and  a tremendous loss for this body. Our thoughts are with his wife, Anne;  his daughters, Joni and Dawn; and the rest of his family, as well as  his current and his former staff.   I had the pleasure of serving as a freshman member of the  Transportation Committee when Don began his chairmanship in 2001. And,  as always, he brought his typical passion and zeal to the job.   He was always working for Alaska but also constantly helping other  Members take care of their constituents.   The chairman, as many still called him, always pointed out that  Alaska missed the great infrastructure investment of the earlier  centuries that had been made in the lower 48, and he was bound and  determined to make sure that he made up for lost time.   There isn't a city or a borough or a town or village in Alaska that  can't point to at least one road, airstrip, harbor, dock, visitors  center, or health clinic that Don didn't have some role in  establishing, building, authorizing, or funding.   Recently, there has been a suggestion to name a volcano in Alaska  after Chairman Young, a rugged and enduring part of the Alaskan  landscape, always with the potential to erupt at any moment's notice,  but always warm at its core. Part of me thinks this would be a very  fitting tribute as well.   And as has been noted many times, it was fitting that he passed away  on his way home to Alaska, the State that he loved so much.   I will always think of him and smile when I walk by his official-- unofficial, I should say, unofficial but uncontested seat here on the  House floor. His passing was truly a loss for the House.   In the Transportation Committee, we will always have the almost life- sized portrait watching over us, reminding Members of the importance of  the work and the bipartisanship it takes to get it done.   One of Don's priorities throughout his career, and also one of my  priorities, was strengthening the Coast Guard. This legislation  authorizes the purchase of a 12th National Security Cutter as well as  six additional Fast Response Cutters to ensure that our Coast Guard is  prepared for its current and future role in securing America.   During our markup of this bill earlier this month, Don remarked in  his statement that both his support for this bill, and as the chairman  pointed out, he had voted on 20 Coast Guard authorizations in his  career, and I am deeply saddened today that he is not going to be able  to cast his vote in support of yet one more.   Fittingly, H.R. 6865 also includes a provision offered by the late  dean of the House that allows the Coast Guard to keep Russian vessels  out of U.S. waters during the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine.   With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this important legislation,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gibbs), the ranking member of the Coast Guard  and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Aviation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer), the ranking member of the  Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Burchett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Crawford).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much  time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an  additional 5 seconds.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Issa).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Van Drew).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Guest).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining?    Madam Speaker, this is obviously a fitting  tribute, but we ran out of time. A lot of people wanted to say  something about Don, and I apologize that we ran out of time.   Madam Speaker, I close by thanking the chairman of both the committee  and the subcommittee and the ranking member, for putting this bill  together. It is very much a bipartisan effort. But I particularly want  to thank the staffs on both sides of the aisle for the work that they  did, and in particular, John Rayfield, who had the opportunity to work  with Chairman Young when he was chairman of the committee as well.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this very important  piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   