 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the  Supreme Court Security Funding Act of 2022, which I introduced with  Senator Warner just last week. Yesterday evening, the Senate approved  by unanimous consent this bipartisan legislation, which provides  emergency security resources to the Supreme Court of the United States  and to the U.S. Marshals Service.   The House of Representatives must approve this bill without amendment  or delay and send it to the President's desk before adjourning this  week. The need is urgent and obvious. There is no question the Supreme  Court, its Justices, their families, and Court employees are under  unprecedented and unexpected threat. This includes recent highly  publicized threats against Justice Kavanaugh and Justice Sotomayor.  These threats may well become more acute in the coming weeks as the  Court concludes its term.   There is no question that protecting the Court from these threats  requires additional resources in Fiscal Year 2022 because unexpected  resources are being deployed. This legislation provides those necessary  resources.   More specifically, the U.S. Marshals Service has been providing  around-the-clock security for the nine Justices at their homes and  needs 10.3 million in emergency funding to cover these costs for the  remainder of this fiscal year. The Supreme Court needs 9.1 million to  cover its increased security costs for this fiscal year. These include  overtime pay for Supreme Court Police officers, mutual aid payment to  assisting law enforcement agencies, and increased physical security  around the Supreme Court Building.   If Congress doesn't immediately provide this funding, the Court and  Marshals Service may be forced to transfer funds from other critical  functions and entities, like the U.S. District Courts and U.S. Courts  of Appeal. That is an unacceptable outcome given the obvious and urgent  need for this security funding and the gravity of the threat against  one of our three constitutional branches.   Congress recently passed--and the President signed into law-- legislation by Senators Cornyn and Coons to increase the scope of  authorized Supreme Court Police protection to include the Justices'  immediate family members. Congress rightly provided this additional  security authorization to protect the Court.   These expanded authorities are important, but there should be no  question regarding whether Congress will separately provide the  resources necessary to protect the Supreme Court during its hour of  need.   I thank my colleague from Virginia, Senator Warner, for working with  me on this legislation. I also want to thank the senior Senator from  Alabama, Vice Chairman Shelby, and his staff, as well as the senior  Senator from Vermont, Chairman Leahy, for their help and their  guidance. Finally, I thank my Senate colleagues for their cooperation  in ensuring the swift passage of this legislation in the Senate.   Now, I urge the House of Representatives to promptly send this bill  to the President's desk before it adjourns later this week.   I yield the floor.   