 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 7606 because  American farmers and ranchers deserve real assistance, real relief,  real policy solutions.   To understand my opposition, you must understand the part of the  country that I represent and was raised in. The Third District of  Oklahoma was the epicenter of the drought, the Dust Bowl, and the  economic depression of the 1930s. This was a time when horrible weather  conditions collided with misguided Federal ag and misguided Federal  monetary policy to create an environment that profoundly changed the  region that my family has called home for over 120 years.   I was raised on these stories, and it was their experiences that  shaped my view on what the role of the Federal Government should be.  The Federal Government should be passing and enacting policies that  help people and businesses, not hinder them. Unfortunately, the Biden  administration and House Democrats seem to not hold that same view.   During the past 5 years, American farmers and ranchers have weathered  volatile world markets, devastating natural disasters, prolonged  droughts, supply chain disruptions, ever-increasing input costs, and  soaring inflation.   Yet, the only thing the Biden administration and House Democrats seem  interested in doing is increasing regulatory burdens, limiting access  to fuel, and passing spending packages that fuel inflation.   Mr. Speaker, if House Democrats were truly interested in providing  relief for American farmers and ranchers, they would join my Republican  colleagues and me in calling for the Biden administration to reinstate  the Trump-era Waters of the United States rule and rescind the Biden  administration's WOTUS rule.   If Democrats were interested in reducing the cost of farm inputs like  fertilizer and fuel, they would work with us to restore and expand  domestic energy production. They would join us in calling for the Biden  administration to rescind the SEC's proposed rule on climate-related  disclosure.   This rule is not only a ploy to divert capital away from traditional  energy investments, it also requires farmers, regardless of size, to  track and report environmental data to public companies with which they  work.   Finally, House Democrats are touting this bill as a solution to the  issue of consolidation in the meatpacking industry. As we all know,  DOJ--yes, the Department of Justice--is in the middle of an ongoing  investigation into the meatpacking industry, an investigation that was  launched under the Trump administration.   I feel strongly that if there is collusion, manipulation, or other  wrongdoing by packers, then the existing law should be enforced under  the existing authorities at USDA and DOJ. There are civil and criminal  penalties if violations are found. Changing those authorities or laws  in the middle of an ongoing investigation only helps to confuse and  complicate the eventual DOJ findings.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this messaging bill and  join with me in calling for real solutions for American farmers and  ranchers.   