 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, $847 billion is a lot of money to spend  on anything in 1 year, even in Washington terms. It is enough money,  for instance, to make sure that not a single child goes hungry anywhere  in the world ever again. It is enough money to end homelessness in  America, provide free preschool and college for every American, build  high-speed rail between every American city, and make childcare free  for families.   Frankly, come up with five problems that plague parts of the world or  parts of the country, design a solution, and you could probably solve  all five for a year for $847 billion.   Here is another number that is big: $80 billion. Now, that is smaller  than $847 billion but still a lot of money.   For $80 billion, you could build a high-speed railroad from New York  to Washington, you could build 4,000 brandnew, state-of-the-art high  schools in underserved communities, or you could hire--wait for it--a  million public school teachers.   Here is why I tell you this. Next week, likely, this body is  apparently going to be on a glidepath to pass an $847 billion Defense  budget authorization for the current fiscal year. That is an $80  billion increase over last year. That is a 10-percent increase in just  1 year.   There has been very little public debate, and there is going to be  very little debate on this floor over whether this is a good idea,  about whether we should spend $80 billion on this or whether that $80  billion would be spent better on something else.   There is no debate, and there is going to be little debate here, in  part, because the process of passing this bill is pretty broken.   Thanks to Senator Reed, the Armed Services Committee is a functioning  committee. The Democrats and Republicans on that committee write this  bill together with an open amendment process. If you are a member of  the Armed Services Committee, thanks to Senator Reed and Senator  Inhofe's leadership, you have a lot of opportunities to weigh in on the  size and scope of the U.S. defense budget.   But the problem begins once the bill leaves the Armed Services  Committee. Then the bill kind of disappears and gets changed. That is  not Chairman Reed's fault. That is our collective decision to endorse  that process.   The first thing that happens, particularly this year, is that many,  many big, important pieces of policy get added to the Defense bill.  Some of them are good policy, but some of them aren't. But there is no  democratic process in which Members of this body get to review what is  added to the Defense bill. There is no notification of rank-and-file  Members so that we can provide input.    Again, as I understand it, the Armed Services Committee doesn't want  to be in this position. They would rather just have a vote on their  original bill, as we did for decades until just recently, when all of  this extra policy got added to the Defense bill. But because today  there are so few avenues for that other legislation to find a path to  the floor, in large part because Republicans are using the filibuster  to clog up the floor of the Senate, the Defense bill becomes this kind  of evacuation helicopter carrying all the passengers they can fit in  it.   For the first time this year, there are more pages in the Defense  bill dedicated to nondefense items than to defense items.   This might be acceptable if Senators could offer amendments on the  floor, remove parts of the bill we don't like, make other parts  better--at least have our day. But the other new normal here is that  there is going to be zero amendments, amendment votes, likely in the  Senate debate.   It is the same problem. There are a handful of Republicans here who  don't want to legislate, and so they are likely going to refuse to give  consent to vote on amendments, and, plus, as I mentioned, they clog up  the floor with filibuster votes, which means that you can't get big,  important pieces of legislation done, and so they all find their way  onto the Defense bill.   But I just want to plead with my colleagues for a moment that there  is a better way to do this. We don't have to look too far in the past  to see what a real debate on the Defense bill could look like. I just  want all of my colleagues to think how much more interesting this place  would be, how much healthier the Senate would be if we  [[Page S7062]]  could have debates on Defense bills that looked like they did just 20  years ago.   I was just curious. So I literally just picked a year out of a hat  from a slightly different generation in the Senate. I swear, I didn't  cherry-pick the year. I just went back to 2000--the year 2000, right--a  nice convenient date.   For the fiscal year 2000 Defense bill debate--which by the way,  happened in May, not in December--the Senate took rollcall votes on 13  amendments. There were many amendments on contested, controversial  policy that got full debate and full votes, and there were a whole  bunch of other amendments that got voice votes in the Senate. But on  the amendments that got full debate on the Senate floor and rollcall  votes, there was an 87-12 vote on the legality of a new NATO strategic  plan, a 49-50 vote to compel information from the Secretary of Health  and Human Services on welfare reform, 48-52 on a War Powers Resolution  for the war in the Balkans, 90-0 on a measure to encourage Balkan war  crimes prosecution, 52-47 on a contested military promotion case, 40-60  to authorize a new round of base closures, 44-56 on a nuclear weapon  retirement policy, 49-51 and then 51-49 to remove restrictions on  prison labor products, 49-51 to remove restrictions on abortions on DOD  property, 21-77 to limit funding for the Balkan war, 11-87 to limit the  cost of the F-18 program, and 98-0 to support sanctions on Libya.   That is a lot of debate on really important foreign policy and  national security policy on the floor of the Senate. That is virtually  unthinkable in the modern Senate, and we are all poorer for it.   Back then, every Senator--not just leadership--saw themselves as  having a coequal responsibility to set U.S. defense policy, and they  required the process on the floor to reflect that belief.   In just that 1 year, 2000, Senators took three votes on the Balkan  war, a vote on fighter costs, a vote on base closures, sanctions, and  military promotions.   I go through this exercise just to explain to my colleagues that it  just doesn't have to be like this. Those of us not on the Armed  Services Committee or not in leadership don't have to be relegated to  70 rubberstamps with virtually no ability to have meaningful, realtime  impact on the bill once it emerges from committee.   But I make this point for another reason as well. When there is  limited debate and limited input from rank-and-file Members on a bill  this big, on policy this important, I would argue that we miss the  opportunity to be able to step back from this year-to-year creep of  existing policy and ask ourselves: Are we doing it right?   Are we spending hundreds of billions of dollars in a way that  actually protects this country and our national interests; or are we  simply continuing down a path, continuing to invest and overinvest in  weapons of war and underinvest in the tools that are necessary to  prevent war?   And $847 billion is a ton of money, but so is $80 billion, this  year's increase in authorized defense spending.   Now, let me say this: There is no doubt that there are legions of  meritorious programs in this defense budget. Frankly, I publicly and  proudly support many programs that are built and constructed in  Connecticut: our submarine fleet, our helicopters, our fighter engines.   Why? Because I really do believe that the United States is the  world's defender of democracy, the defender of the rule of law, the  defender of international norms and free navigation. We have to be the  world leader in kinetic, hard military power.   Ukraine is an example of why conventional military might still  matters. Big nations, like Russia and China, are not content any longer  to stay inside their boxes. They are, like pre-World War II times,  seeking to revise their borders through invasion; and while the United  States is currently at no risk of being invaded ourselves, we do still  have a responsibility to step up and help others, to help reinforce  that post-World War II order to ensure that wars of aggression do not  become normalized.   But that post-World War II order is under threat not just because  countries like Russia and China are using or threatening to use their  militaries with alarming new frequency. The lion's share of threats to  the United States and threats to world stability are often referred to  not as conventional military threats but what is commonly referred to  as asymmetric threats.   Now, this generally means they are threats that cannot be addressed  just through military power--air power, armies, nuclear weapons, the  kind of things that are funded in this Defense bill.   Let me give you some examples. Thousands of pages of think tank  reports and endless hours of congressional testimony are dedicated to  this lament that China's influence around the world is growing due to  its willingness to aggressively invest in developing economies,  critical mineral supplies, and supply chain routes. For instance, today  China owns over 100 different international ports. They own a hundred  ports outside of China in 60 different countries.   A new study revealed that China's development bank lent more money in  sub-Saharan Africa than the development banks of the United States,  Germany, Japan, and France combined. Now, to fix this, we need to be  growing the size of U.S. development finance. But it is like pulling  teeth to get Congress to extend the authorities or borrowing and  capital limitations of the U.S. International Development Finance  Corporation.   Last year, DFC announced that it had lent more money than any year  before: $7.4 billion. That is a lot of money, $7.4 billion. This July,  China's largest development bank announced that its 6-month total for a  targeted set of urban infrastructure loans in the developing world,  just a tiny piece of their overall portfolio, was $27 billion.   U.S. development finance isn't even playing in the same ballpark as  Chinese development finance.   Here is another example of asymmetric power: It is kind of cliche  these days to remind policymakers that information is power. But  Ukraine's democracy is not just under attack from a foreign army; it is  also under attack from misinformation. China, Russia, Iran, nonstate  actors, they are spending billions of dollars all over the world  spreading messages into democracies to try to create division and  undermine faith in the rule of law.   That controversy around Colin Kaepernick's protest, that was mostly a  creation of 500 Russian internet bots who posted an incredible 12,000  tweets inflaming public opinion.   China's global disinformation campaign is equally robust. For  instance, the largest backer of Philippines' President--former  President Rodrigo Duterte's illegal assassination campaign? Chinese  social media farms.   But, once again, the United States just chooses asymmetry by letting  these countries--Russia and China and others--dominate the information  space.   Here is an example: the budget for RT, just one of Putin's  international television and online news operations, $2.8 billion; the  budget for the U.S. Agency for Global Media, which funds all of our  overseas broadcasting, $1 billion.   How do you compete with those kind of funding discrepancies?   Here is one more example. A few years ago, I was in Dublin,  coincidentally, at the same time of a major telecommunications contract  tender in Ireland. Ireland was making this key decision to award its  internet backbone to a European firm or to Huawei, the Chinese  communications conglomerate.   I was told by a very competent but, frankly, very overwhelmed defense  attache assigned to our Irish Embassy that, over the prior few months,  the Chinese Embassy had grown by leaps and bounds as dozens of new  Chinese diplomats and provocateurs arrived in town to try to help sway  the award for Huawei. Now, matched up against this legion of Chinese  diplomats was this one guy, our single defense attache, maybe supported  by a couple diplomats in the Embassy.   Now, he was competent, but he had no background in telecommunications  policy--and, frankly, really nobody else there did either, and no extra  help was on the way.   The same phenomenon plays out with energy projects. Other nations  [[Page S7063]]  seamlessly integrate their energy resources with their diplomatic and  national security efforts. There is no separation between the  Middle East's oil and their foreign politics. The same for Russia or  Iran or Venezuela. But U.S. energy executives are not representing the  U.S. Government, which means our diplomats are on their own in  conducting energy policy, which means they have an enormous amount of  catching up to do against these other petro powers.    But for the first time, today, the United States is not the leading  country when it comes to diplomatic posts around the world. That  distinction now belongs to--guess who?--China. As our adversaries try  to undermine democracies and rule of law and use their energy and  technology resources to win allies, we simply don't have the means to  keep up, another asymmetric advantage for our competitors.   We have no dedicated anticorruption or technology or energy policy  corps within our foreign service. It is not because we don't need this  capacity; it is just because we can't afford it. We lament this  asymmetric advantage that other countries have on nondefense  capabilities, but it is just a choice. It is a choice because we pass,  year after year, these massive defense bills, and then we choose not to  increase the capabilities that would actually protect us: the  investments in nonmilitary capabilities.   Listen, I get it. I know this bill is going to pass, but why on Earth  aren't we spending more time asking the tough questions about whether  the balance of our spending on national security is right-sized to the  actual threats the United States and our democratic allies face?   Yes, the Ukraine war is worth fighting, and it is expensive, but does  it really make sense to spend 847 times more money on conventional  military tools than we spend on winning the information war? Does it  really make sense to add 10 percent to the defense budget while doing  nothing to increase the size of our international development bank?   Do we really think that we are adequately responding to the actual  array of threats posed to this country with a spending allocation that  ends up with America having 11,000 diplomats, total, and 12,000  employees of military grocery stores?   American foreign policy today suffers from a crippling lack of  imagination. American leaders complain about these asymmetric threats  but refuse to acknowledge that this asymmetry exists only because we  choose to do this: pass an $847 billion defense budget with a 10  percent, 1-year increase and do nothing, at the same time, to build the  real capacities necessary to keep up with our adversaries' investments  in nonmilitary tools of influence.   We could decide--this Congress could decide--to build a massive,  modern international development bank. We could decide--this Congress  could decide--not to let RT dominate the international information  space. We could decide--all of us, this Congress--to have enough  diplomats around the world to be able to fight the fights that matter  to us.   We should imagine this world in which we fight toe to toe with the  Chinese and the Russians and other adversaries in the development,  information, technology, energy, and diplomatic spheres. We should  imagine that world and then put in place a plan to achieve it.   Asymmetry is a choice. It is a choice for our adversaries, and it is  a choice for us. And it is a consequence of our entire budget--for  development aid, anti-propaganda efforts, democracy promotion, human  rights advancement, humanitarian assistance, and diplomacy--being about  the same size as the 1-year increase in the defense budget.   And $847 billion is a lot of money to spend without a real debate on  the Senate floor, without the ability to offer amendments. I think this  country would be better off, I think our security would be better  protected, if we just took a step back, asked some hard questions about  how we allocate money within our national security budget, and took the  time to have a real floor debate with real input about it all.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   