 Madam President, I want to thank the ranking member of  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for the work he has done on this  for years.   I just want to make a couple of points here. One is--it is a very  hard point to make, but I think we ought to be candid, and that is,  there is a very real danger that the Russian military will eventually  prevail. Let's be honest. They are much larger. They have far more  resources. The Ukrainians are putting up an absolutely historic and  heroic fight, but it is not clear that they can hold on indefinitely.   So what should we be doing in light of that fact and the  circumstances we have? I completely agree with Senator Risch. We have  an obligation, in my mind, to provide the resources that we can. We are  doing that. This legislation would go further.   There is one other thing we can do that I think is extremely  important as well, and that is, establish as a goal that as soon as  possible, Vladimir Putin come to regret this decision. It is extremely  important, in my mind, that Putin and all of the other authoritarians  and bullies and dictators around the world see this invasion of Ukraine  as a terrible, strategic mistake for Russia to have made because if  they don't conclude that this was a mistake, then it doesn't end with  Ukraine.   So how do we ensure that this is universally recognized, including by  Putin and those who would like to emulate him? How do we make sure they  see it as the mistake that we believe it is? There is one way to do  this: We bring the Russian economy to its knees. And we have the  ability to do that, but we have chosen not to do so thus far.   Now, I am pleased to see the administration moving in the direction  of sanctioning. I am pleased that many of our European allies have  taken steps to go in this direction. But until we shut down the main  source of revenue for Putin and his war machine, we will not have  accomplished what we need to accomplish.   This legislation does that. Among other things, it directly imposes  the sanctions on the oil and gas industry--the industry that is 60  percent of all Russian exports, 40 percent of government revenue, and  more than 20 percent of the entire economy. It goes after this source  of cash to fund the war-fighting machine directly with sanctions, but  it also does it in an indirect fashion that is very important, and I  want to touch on this.   This legislation imposes what we call secondary sanctions on the  Russian banking sector. Why is that important? We have all heard that  some Russian banks are going to be excluded from the SWIFT system. That  is true, and that is constructive; however, it is not dispositive by  any means.   The SWIFT system is just a communication system. There is no money  actually transferred on SWIFT. Payments aren't made. If we deny Russian  banks access to SWIFT, we don't deny them the ability to conduct  business, the ability to move money on behalf of oligarchs and the oil  and gas industry. We don't cut off the flow of revenue to Putin, not  just by kicking them off SWIFT. We make it inconvenient for them, but  there are workarounds that you can use to get around the obstacles.   What we need to do and what we do in this legislation is we make a  very simple proposition to the entire world. Banks all around the world  will understand that if this legislation becomes law, they have a  choice to make: They can do business with Russian banks or they can do  business with the United States of America, but they can't do both.  That is not a tough decision for the world's banks. The overwhelming  majority and all of the significant ones will choose to do business  with the United States. That shuts down the Russian banking industry.  That shuts down the revenue stream for Vladimir Putin. That shuts down  the money that is funding this appalling, atrocious military campaign.   Are there any consequences to us? It is possible that for some period  of time, there would be somewhat higher energy prices. We don't import  very many Russian energy products. We shouldn't be importing any at  this point. We don't import much. But the fact is, we can make up for a  disruption in supply by enhancing our own production and encouraging an  increase on the part of swing producers who are much more closely  allied with us than with the Russians.   The Ukrainian people and the Ukrainian people's elected leaders have  been absolutely heroic. They are fighting for their very lives. And, as  I say, if Putin does not conclude that this was all a very big mistake,  then it doesn't end with Ukraine.   I join my colleagues in urging the adoption of this legislation.   I yield the floor.   