 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I have come to the floor of the Senate  many times over the last several years to discuss an aspect of higher  education only few people even know exists. The so-called for-profit  colleges.   This disgraceful industry enrolls 8 percent of all postsecondary  students in America--8 percent--and yet accounts for 30 percent of all  Federal student loan defaults. Those two numbers tell the story. For- profit colleges get 8 percent of the students and are responsible for  30 percent of the student loan defaults. Why? For obvious reasons. They  are too expensive. They charge a higher tuition than community colleges  or even many private colleges. Secondly, the students don't end up  finishing because they get mired in debt. And third, if they end up  with a degree, it turns out to be virtually worthless.   When I think of cases that we have looked into in Illinois, in  Chicago, of the exploitation of well-meaning students, sometimes the  first in their families to go to college, who are lured in by the siren  song of the marketing of for-profit colleges--they sign up, sign all  the papers, turn over all their Pell grants, then sign up for Federal  student loans and other private loans and have a disastrous experience  where they can't even finish. They are so deeply in debt or, if they  finish, they find their degree was worthless.   How many of those young people I remember coming to me and saying: I  was majoring in law enforcement, and I was getting this degree from one  of the local for-profit colleges to go into law enforcement. And you  know what, Senator? They laughed at me when they saw the name of the  school: That isn't a real school; that isn't a real degree.   Senator--they tell me--it is a real debt.   And that is the reality of these for-profit colleges.   I have called for greater oversight of this industry, as they exploit  these students and their families. We have called out some of the most  vicious predatory players in the industry like Corinthian, University  of Phoenix, DeVry, ITT Tech, Westwood--institutions that are more  likely to lead students into a lifetime of debt rather than a lifetime  of opportunity.   Now, just imagine, if you will, that one of the leading architects of  this fraudulent industry was chosen to be one of its watchdogs by the  Federal Government. Well, that is the situation we have today. Dr.  Arthur Keiser, who embodies the worst of the for-profit industry, is  the chairman of the board of for-profit Southeastern College. He is  also chancellor and CEO of Keiser University, a so-called nonprofit  university that he converted from for-profit status in the year 2011.  This so-called conversion to not-for-profit is misleading. The overlap  between Southeastern College and Keiser University is well established.  For example, multiple executives at Keiser University are also  executives at Southeastern.   An IRS filing shows that executives at Keiser University, a  supposedly nonprofit school, are paid hundreds of thousands of dollars  each year. You know when you hear the term ``not-for-profit,'' you  think of charitable institutions, people just barely making enough to  get by, service to principles and values. Well, Mr. Keiser and his gang  have turned that upside down. They make hundreds of thousands of  dollars each year, a hefty salary for part-time employees working for a  nonprofit college.   Arthur Keiser is also notorious for shady dealings. I am not making  this up or going to a source of fake news for it. These were detailed  in a GAO report last year. For example, in the year after Keiser  University was converted into a not-for-profit college--not-for- profit--the school paid out more than $34 million to members of Mr.  Keiser's family--$34 million? That is right, to Arthur Keiser's family.  Not bad for a not-for-profit venture.   Arthur Keiser's financial misdeeds are so grave, so serious, that his  own mother has filed a lawsuit against him over shifty financial  handlings of the colleges that they cofounded. This would be a dramatic  situation comedy were it not for the victims, the students.   Rather than being chastised by this GAO report and lawsuit by his  mom, Mr. Keiser is now seeking to dramatically extend his influence  within the for-profit college industry. How exactly is he planning to  do this? Lucky for Arthur, the power is already in his hands.   Today, Arthur Keiser serves as chair of the National Advisory  Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity, also known as NACIQI.  I have never heard of it, but those in the industry know it quite well.  NACIQI is the Department of Education's Federal advisory board that  approves the creditors who act as gatekeepers for Federal student  dollars. So in order to offer a Federal student loan, the Department of  Education has to first establish that you are a real school--I mean, a  real school with real teachers and classrooms or some other means of  teaching students and that your degree is being presented to you in  real terms, whether it is really going to help your life. This NACIQI  is the watchdog of all the Federal watchdogs when it comes to for- profits. And guess who is the Chair: Arthur Keiser.   As Chair of NACIQI, Arthur Keiser poses a systematic threat to  student borrowers. His chairmanship is a major conflict of interest in  NACIQI's vital role of maintaining integrity of Federal student aid.   For-profits are already one of the most heavily subsidized sectors in  America. I took a look at what these companies, these for-profit  colleges, were taking out of the Federal Treasury. They put some of the  worst Federal contractors to shame. And of course, they often leave  students saddled with debts they will never be able to pay for  worthless degrees.   Now, naturally, you may wonder, how do these for-profits spend all  the Federal dollars sent their way?  [[Page S660]]    Well, this is what it is all about. They spend millions on  advertising their worthless degrees to underprivileged students.   There was an ad that was running out here a couple years ago, one of  my favorites from the for-profits. It showed this young lady; she  couldn't have been more than 19 years of age. And she was lounging in  her bedroom with her laptop on the bed next to her, talking about how  she was going to college in her pajamas. I am not making this up.   They spend millions of dollars just like that, advertising to young  people who may not know any better that you have to put in a real  effort to get an education. It pays off, but it doesn't come to you  sitting in your pajamas.   Instead of reforming the for-profit advertising model, Dr. Keiser is  expanding it. He likes this marketing. He has applied some of the same  predatory practices to the so-called nonprofit college space.   In 2017, Keiser University--aptly named after himself--which Dr.  Keiser claims is nonprofit, racked up the second largest advertising  bill of any private nonprofit institution.   Keiser University spent nearly one-fifth of its entire budget on ads  and marketing--more than $82 million.   We found some of the colleges that have been investigated in the past  were spending more money on advertising than they were on faculty  salaries. And it showed.   For the sake of comparison, other nonprofit colleges--real nonprofit  colleges--are estimated to spend 1.5 percent to 6 percent of their  budget on marketing. Dr. Arthur Keiser, his university spent almost 20  percent.   Southeastern College, Dr. Keiser's for-profit school, reported in  2018 to the IRS that 87 percent of its annual revenue came from student  aid. That is close to the 90-percent cap imposed by the 90-10 rule.  What does that mean in the big picture? It means this is just a  conduit. Follow, if you will, the process. The student sits in the  admissions office, and the admissions officer says, We are ready to  launch. We are ready to put you in the courses. All you have to do is  sign this. Here is your contract, the contract where you are going to  seek Federal student aid.   The student signs it, naturally. Got my Pell grant. Got my Federal  student aid. It is all going to the for-profit school. Then what  happens next? Well, the student has got the debt to pay back for the  loan. The school gets the cash. The school turns around--Dr. Keiser  turns around and has a big distribution party, and the student finds  out 6 months later it is a worthless undertaking, but they have still  got the debt to pay.   And unless some action is taken by the Department of Education that  proves up fraud and releases that student from his obligation, that is  going to be a debt he is going to carry for years. It is going to  change his life.   Do Dr. Keiser and his gang care? They have got their money. They have  distributed it among themselves. Dr. Keiser has also demonstrated  questionable conduct as chair of NACIQI, namely, protecting his own  interests at the expense of students and taxpayers. This is a real fox  in the chicken coop.   In 2020, under Dr. Keiser's leadership, NACIQI wrongfully penalized  the Higher Learning Commission, an accreditor that tried to rescind  accreditation from two fraudulent for-profits. Just last year, Dr.  Keiser was forced to recuse himself from the review of Accrediting  Commission of Career Schools and Colleges--or ACCSC.   Why exactly did he have to recuse himself? Because this organization  accredited his college, so he was putting the pressure on that entity.   And in Dr. Keiser's absence, the other NACIQI members rightly  considered student outcomes in determining whether they would continue  as an accreditor. But when Dr. Keiser returned from recusal, he  chastised the same members for having the gall to prioritize the needs  of students.   So even when he was forced to recuse himself, Dr. Arthur Keiser found  a way to use his position as Chair to advance his own interest. This  week, I am going to lead a letter with Sherrod Brown, my colleague from  Ohio, requesting the Department of Education finally take a hard look  at Arthur Keiser's Chairmanship and his obvious conflicts of interest.   It is worth noting that we are not alone in raising these concerns  about Dr. Arthur Keiser.   Earlier this month, the House Education and Labor Committee chairman,   Bobby Scott of Virginia, also raised the issue of Keiser's  manipulative conversion of his for-profit college to nonprofit status.   Time and again, Arthur Keiser has put his own personal priorities  over the needs of the students and taxpayers he is supposed to serve.  His conflicts of interest have become abundantly clear, and now it is  time for the Department of Education to put an end to this party.   Last month, Secretary Cardona announced the Department of Education's  priorities. One of them is holding postsecondary institutions  accountable for taking advantage of kids.   Right now, the Department of Education has an opportunity to uphold  that priority by bringing Arthur Keiser's nefarious conduct to an end.  We are going to be watching. On behalf of those students and their  families, on behalf of colleges and universities that do a good job, we  have got to put an end to this rip-off.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  is necessarily absent.   