 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding the time.   As I speak, the West is literally burning. Major infernos are  devastating States like California, Arizona, and Alaska.   In New Mexico, the Hermit's Peak fire became the largest in State  history nearly 1 month ago and is still not fully contained. This  catastrophic fire has burned over 320,000 acres and cost taxpayers a  whopping $224 million in fire suppression costs.    In total, over 2.6 million acres have burned this year already,  putting us on a pace to surpass every wildfire season in the past  decade.   Homes have burned to the ground. Thousands of brave wildland  firefighters have put their lives on the line. Hundreds of millions of  dollars have been spent trying to tame fires so intense, they create  their own weather systems known as firenados. Why?   The answer is simple. The lack of active forest management and  decades of fire suppression and mismanagement have left our Nation's  forests as dry as  [[Page H5518]]  powder kegs and ready to ignite from a single spark.   In the last decade, mismanagement caused over 70 million acres to  burn, and we have no signs of it slowing down. According to the U.S.  Forest Service, over one billion--that is billion with a b--acres  across the country are at risk of experiencing severe wildfires.   That is why I am offering this amendment. My amendment seeks to add  forest management activities such as mechanical thinning and prescribed  burning that enhance or create wildlife habitat--that is, enhance or  create wildlife habitat--or reduce the risk of destruction to wildlife  habitat due to wildfires as acceptable projects under the Recovering  America's Wildlife Act.   Catastrophic fires remain one of the single greatest threats to  wildlife in Western States, such as my home State of Idaho.   In California, the Los Angeles Times reported in 2020 that the Bobcat  fire turned one of the most abundant wildlife habitats with lush  canyons and a mixture of rare and endangered species into an  ``apocalypse'' that looked like ground zero after a nuclear explosion.  Experts believe this fire would reverse decades of conservation  efforts.   In Oregon, the 2020 wildfires have burned over 360,000 acres of  critical spotted owl habitat, pushing the species into what researchers  call an extinction vortex.   Catastrophic wildfires recently forced the State of Washington  Department of Fish and Wildlife to recommend moving the greater sage- grouse from threatened to endangered status in their State. This is the  very action that RAWA seeks to prevent.   These wildfires also killed nearly half of the State's endangered  pigmy rabbit population. A Seattle Times report stated that rabbits had  asphyxiated as the fire, in its fury, devoured oxygen from the  atmosphere. There was nothing but ash and dust. No movement. No  footprints. There was no chance anything survived.   Is this what recovering America's wildlife looks like, choking  animals in suffocating smoke, burning them alive?   These catastrophic wildland fires are polluting our air, degrading  our water, releasing massive amounts of carbon into the atmosphere, and  turning rich and diverse wildlife habitat into barren moonscapes.   Incentivizing better, more active forest management through my  amendment will create healthier ecosystems and abundant habitat for  diverse wildlife. That is exactly what this bill is intended to do. If  we truly care about recovering America's wildlife, then you will  support my amendment.   If we adopt this, we will instruct the Committee on Natural Resources  to add my amendment to include the forest management activities that  modify, improve, enhance, or create wildlife habitat or protect  wildlife habitat from wildfires as acceptable uses of funding under  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   