 Mr. Speaker, telehealth is good. Telehealth fraud is  not. The Cheney bill is remarkably similar to a bipartisan measure that  I worked on last year and got the support of 22 health-related  stakeholders after holding a productive bipartisan hearing.   I applaud Representative Cheney's support for telehealth and her  valued service to our Nation in general. Through no fault of hers, this  bill contains a glaring omission.   Whenever billions of Federal dollars are available anywhere, some  will try to steal it. That is what has happened with telehealth. The  Justice Department has brought one charge after another against  hundreds of defendants for stealing through fraud billions of taxpayer  dollars, including charges that they brought last week.   What happens is that someone using the telehealth mechanism is  ordering expensive genetic tests, allergy tests, and medical equipment  that the patient does not need and billing the taxpayer through  Medicare.   My effort to address this is not just to see a prosecution of theft  after it has occurred, but to prevent it and to protect taxpayers with  an amendment that was designed to employ the recommendations of a  nonpartisan commission to prevent and reduce this kind of fraud.   It enjoyed bipartisan support. I saw that it was not included under  this rule. I think that is unfortunate. Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, I do  not support the rule or the bill.    Madam Speaker, with telehealth helping so many  throughout this pandemic, we should certainly continue its benefits, as  I proposed in bipartisan legislation last year, and for which I secured  the support of 22 health-related stakeholders. But we don't have to  accept billions of dollars of fraud, of theft of taxpayer funds as the  price for maintaining telehealth.   Here is what has been happening: Information for some patients who  wanted a COVID-19 test was used fraudulently to bill Medicare for  expensive cancer genetic tests and allergy tests without any medical  necessity or any knowledge of the patient. In other cases, expensive  medical equipment in no way needed by the patient was ordered.   The wrongdoing has been exposed by the General Accountability Office,  the Health and Human Services inspector general, and is the subject of  Justice Department prosecutions for literally billions of taxpayer  dollars. Through no fault of the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney)  or Chairman Pallone, this bill fails to address this theft. I offered  an amendment to the bill that was recommended by an independent,  nonpartisan commission called MedPAC, mandating reasonable steps to  prevent or at least significantly reduce this telehealth fraud.  Outrageous interference with the consideration of this bill is denying  the House today any opportunity to consider this antifraud amendment.   My amendment would have required in-person visits within 6 months  prior to ordering this high-cost lab testing or DME--medical  equipment--as well as an audit of outlier clinicians whose orders for  these very high-cost services and devices are largely made through a  telehealth appointment. This has to stop, and we need to prevent the  fraud, not just prosecute it and get back a few pennies for the  taxpayer per dollar after it has occurred.    Madam Speaker, this bill costs $132 million per month.  Without these targeted provisions to prevent Medicare from being  looted, I must vote against it.   