 Mr. President, we absolutely must take care of those who  were harmed in service to our country. I have supported several bills  to take care of our veterans. In February of this year, I supported a  bill that passed the Senate called the Health Care for Burn Pit  Veterans Act, which extends the eligibility period for combat veterans  who served after 9/11 and were exposed to toxic substances so they are  able to receive care at the VA. I have also supported the VA MISSION  Act, the Dr. Kate Hendricks Thomas SERVICE Act, the TEAM Caregivers  Act, and the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act, all of  which expand care for veterans. When the war in Afghanistan came to a  close, I proposed using those funds saved by ending the war to give a  $2,500 bonus to all members of the military who served in the Global  War on Terrorism.   We must take care of our veterans and keep our country strong. This  bill puts our economy, though, at risk by creating presumptions of  service connection for the most common of ailments. For example, this  legislation creates a presumption of service connection for Vietnam  veterans for hypertension, but according to the CDC, 50 percent of men  and 44 percent of women in the United States have hypertension. More  than 60 percent of people over the age of 60 have hypertension. In  total, the CDC estimates that 116 million Americans have hypertension.  The legislation also creates a presumption of service connection for  Global War on Terror veterans for asthma. The CDC estimates that 1 in  12 people has asthma, which is approximately 25 million Americans.   This bill would cost hundreds of billions of dollars at a time when  the national debt is climbing over $30 trillion and inflation is at a  40-year high. But the Federal debt was created by Congress and not our  vets, and those who serve in the armed services should not be the ones  to pay the cost for government mismanagement. That is why I propose  that we pay for this bill by establishing a 10-year moratorium on  foreign aid disbursed by USAID, except for Israel. USAID is riddled  with waste, and those dollars could be better put to use to help to  take care of our veterans' healthcare.   Just this year, USAID unveiled a $50 million Visit Tunisia program to  encourage more tourism in Tunisia although Tunisia is already one of  the most visited countries in Africa.   In 2016, USAID started a program to help the Afghan Government help  farmers as it cut checks to NGOs to fund Afghan farmers.   The program paid for 72 farmers to receive drip irrigation, pipes,  wheelbarrow, 2,000-liter water tank, and a 5-kilowatt generator for a  cost of $87.9 million. Whether the systems are still in function or  were actually built is another question.   USAID spent over $37 million to assist the Filipino Government to get  roughly 3 million Filipinos back to school. Maybe we ought to do the  same in America.   USAID devoted 20 million to teach the Laotians the Laotian language.   In another instance, USAID allocated up to $150,000 to send 10  Koreans to Washington, DC, for 2 weeks to learn about climate change  activism. That is a great use of our money.   Wouldn't Congress rather spend the money on our veterans? Wouldn't it  make more sense to spend taxpayer dollars on veterans who have risked  it all for their country than on encouraging travel to Tunisia?   That is why I seek my colleagues' support for my amendment that would  help pay for the hundreds of billions of dollars in this bill. Our  veterans should come first.   I ask your support for my amendment on this pay-for amendment.    Mr. President, I move to concur in the House message to  accompany S. 3373 with amendment No. 5184.    Mr. President, I ask that the reading be dispensed with.   