 Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support Sandra  Thompson's historic nomination to be the Director of the Federal  Housing Finance Agency.   Ms. Thompson is an exceptional nominee, with decades of experience in  mortgage markets and Federal financial regulation.   Since June 2021, Ms. Thompson served as Acting Director at FHFA,  where she has played a vital role in promoting access to mortgage  credit, to overseeing and supervising Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the  11 Federal Home Loan Banks, and to protecting the safety and soundness  of the housing finance system.   Before being designated as Acting Director, Ms. Thompson served for 8  years as a Deputy Director for the Division of Mission and Goals at  FHFA, so she is clearly very qualified.   She spent 18 years at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  While there, she worked for seven different chairpersons, obviously,  from both political parties and in senior-level positions.   She will be the first woman. She will, notably, be the first Black  woman confirmed to lead FHFA.   For the first time, we have an administration and a Senate Banking  and Housing Committee that understand how important it is to have  economic leaders who reflect the country, who look like the country and  think like the country--people who make it work.   She will join a growing list of experienced, talented Black women who  have come through our committee--Marcia Fudge, who was my Congresswoman  in Cleveland. She is now Secretary of HUD; Cecilia Rouse, Chair of the  Council on Economic Advisers at the White House; Reta Jo Lewis, a CEO  of the Export-Import Bank; Lisa Cook, first Black woman ever in 109  years--109 years, the first Black woman--at the Federal Reserve; Alanna  McCargo; Alexia Latortue, just to name a few.   Ms. Thompson has proven she will work and she will listen to lenders,  and consumers, and both sides of the aisle.   Before the pandemic, housing was too expensive and too hard to find,  even before the pandemic. Whether you are looking to rent or to buy,  FHFA has an important role to play in bringing  [[Page S2682]]  down housing costs and empowering more families to be able to afford a  safe and stable home.   I strongly urge my colleagues in supporting Ms. Thompson's  nomination.   I yield the floor.    Thanks, Mr. President. I always enjoy following my friend  from Oregon who has done such important work on tax and trade law and  Medicare and Medicaid and everything since his career began as a young  Gray Panther.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alan Cox and  Fatima Sierra-Vargas, fellows of my Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs Committee, be granted floor privileges for the duration of this  Congress.   