 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the harmful  economic consequences Americans are seeing from President Biden's  reckless tax-and-spend agenda. Earlier this week, the Bureau of Labor  Statistics released the latest Consumer Price Index figures for the  month of August, showing that inflation increased 8.3 percent compared  to August 2021. Inflation has now exceeded 8 percent for 6 straight  months. This persistent high inflation is causing price increases for  American families at the grocery store, the gas pump, and for basic  housing needs, leaving many Americans struggling to make ends meet.   Rather than getting government out of the way, increasing domestic  energy production, securing our border, and taking meaningful action to  reduce inflation, the Biden administration is instead doubling down on  its failed economic policies. Gas prices are $1.34 per gallon higher  than when President Biden took office, and diesel fuel prices are even  higher, at nearly $2.40 per gallon more than January 2021. A gallon of  diesel now costs more than $5 a gallon.   Yet, last month, as followup to the massive $2 trillion spending  package from March 2021 that fueled the inflationary fire we are now  dealing with, Democrats jammed through another package on a party-line  vote, a tax-and-spend bill that imposes new energy taxes and Green New  Deal-style subsidies that will only worsen our energy crisis and weaken  our Nation's economic and national security.   Ironically, the so-called Inflation Reduction Act does nothing to  reduce inflation. Analysis by economists at Penn Wharton School at the  University of Pennsylvania, the Federal Reserve, Moody's Analytics, the  Congressional Budget Office, and others, all agree that this bill will  do nothing to help reduce inflation.   Meanwhile, the cost of food at the grocery store has increased 13.5  percent over the last 12 months--the largest 12-month increase since  March 1979. Yet the Biden administration has done nothing to help  alleviate these inflationary price increases on Americans.   This week, we neared the brink of another inflationary supply chain  disaster as railroad unions threatened to go on strike. Obviously,  shutting down freight rail movement throughout the country would be a  huge disruption to  [[Page S4634]]  our economy. It cannot be overstated how significant a rail strike  would be to our national supply chain. With fall harvest, particularly  for my State, that is a huge concern, and it is vitally important that  we avoid a rail strike.   On the energy front, North Dakota is a huge provider of energy for  this Nation. So it is very important. Whether it is our energy  producers or energy producers across this country, we need to empower  our domestic energy production. We also need to get our debt and  deficit under control. We need to help our farmers and ranchers produce  the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world. We need to  address the supply chain issues that continue to be disruptive to our  economy and create more inflation.   The Biden administration needs to stop with the tax-and-spend agenda  if we are to get this inflation under control.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  scheduled for 1:45 p.m. commence.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   