 Mr. President, I am here today to spend a few minutes on  an issue that is profoundly important to Colorado and, I would say, to  the Presiding Officer's State, as well, without being presumptuous, New  Mexico, our neighbor to the south.   In March, the Biden administration launched an investigation into  whether China is evading solar tariffs. That may seem fine on its face,  but, in reality, it has taken a sledge hammer to the solar industry in  Colorado and all across the country.   There are over 330 solar companies in my State. They have created  nearly 7,000 jobs and driven close to $5 billion of investment. Our  companies are leading the Nation. Last year, we nearly quadrupled our  deployment of solar capacity compared to 2017, and before the Biden  administration's investigation, we were projected to double or even  triple that capacity.   Washington should be lifting up Colorado's success as exactly the  kind of progress we need to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, which  we have to do. Instead, the Commerce Department's investigation is  driving our solar industry out of business, because it could end with a  massive expansion of tariffs that could drive up costs and cripple that  sector.   Worse, the administration has said they might even apply these  tariffs retroactively. Think about that. If you are a solar company in  Colorado, you are already dealing with supply chain delays, you are  already dealing with labor issues, and you are already dealing with  rising prices and continued uncertainty over the clean energy tax  credit, because this place can't get its act together to pass  legislation that can give certainty to American business.   And now, on top of all of that, you face the prospect of your own  government sending the price of your supplies through the roof when you  need that least.   Businesses can't make decisions with that kind of uncertainty.  Investors hate that level of uncertainty. And these aren't talking  points. This is the reality on the ground.   In Colorado, the price of solar panels is already up 30 to 50  percent, and we know Colorado families are ultimately going to bear  that cost, and that it is going to slow our energy transition. Many of  our solar companies have begun hiring freezes. Some are considering  major layoffs. Construction workers are losing hundreds of thousands of  hours. Investors are pulling out of major projects. It has put hundreds  of millions of dollars and thousands of jobs at risk, which is why I am  here to ring this alarm.   More than 90 percent of solar companies surveyed in Colorado report  ``severe'' or ``devastating'' harms to their businesses from this  investigation by the Commerce Department.   In my State, we have major solar projects that are frozen in place,  and if this continues, they may never move forward at all. A lot of  these projects are in rural counties that are counting on the projects  being built for jobs and tax revenue. This is the last thing they need  from Washington.   A 200-megawatt solar project in Pueblo was just canceled since the  developer can't get the components they need. Another 150-megawatt  project in northern Colorado has been delayed. A community solar  developer told me they have canceled all of their new construction for  the rest of the year.   Utilities in my State, like United Power and Tri-State, are ready to  support hundreds of megawatts in new projects, but our solar companies  can't submit bids because they don't have the certainty to do it.   One 80-megawatt project in Watkins is demobilized as they wait for  solar panels. A project at Denver International Airport is indefinitely  delayed, and I have heard story after story like this since this  Commerce Department decision to have this investigation was made.   If you add it all up, this investigation has put at least 870  megawatts of new solar capacity at risk in Colorado, and it has put  more than 50 gigawatts at risk across the entire country. That is  enough to power nearly 10 million homes.   I cannot understand why the Biden administration is doing this. You  can't say, on the one hand, we want to rapidly deploy clean energy and  then use the other hand to stick a dagger in American solar. You can't  say we are going to fight climate change and then punch American solar  in the gut.   Last year, electricity generation from coal increased--increased--in  this country for the first time since 2014. And at the same time that  is happening, now what we are going to say is that we are going to cut  the deployment of solar panels by a third or by half, as a result of  this?   It is crazy. The administration should have viewed that alone--the  fact that coal is up for the first time since 2014--they should have  viewed that alone as a reason to increase our investments in clean  energy, not pursue an investigation that is sabotaging one of the  fastest growing sectors in Colorado and across the country.   I also don't understand why the administration would do this at this  time when we have to find a way to replace Russian oil because of what  Putin has done in Ukraine, and we should be replacing that with our own  oil production and with our reserves in this country.   But you would think that supporting American solar would be on the  top of the list as one of the best things we can do to diversify our  energy and protect our security. Instead, the administration has  paralyzed the industry with this investigation. It is a self-inflicted  wound on America's clean energy leadership, our energy security, and  our economy at the worst possible moment.   I have said this before, and I will say it again. I deeply believe  that we need to restore critical supply chains, not  [[Page S2646]]  just for solar but for so many areas that are critical to our economy.   I think the era where we told ourselves the story about why we were  privileging people who wanted to make stuff as cheaply as possible in  China instead of privileging other important things, like protecting  our supply chains, like protecting our national security, like having  an economy that, when it grows, grows for everybody, not just the  people at the very top--we have an incredible opportunity to bring  these supply chains home in order to do that.   I think reshoring is an essential part of an economy, as I say, that  works for everybody, not just those at the top, but that is going to  take time, and we can't drive people out of business today when we  don't have that supply chain in place. Until then, until we do have it  in place, we can't cripple America's solar industry. That can't be our  policy. That can't be the right answer.   I am sure if the Biden administration understood the facts on the  ground, it wouldn't be doing what it is doing. The least the  administration could do is lift the uncertainty off the solar industry  by coming out and saying: We are dropping this investigation. In fact,  they should have said: We are going to boost American solar--that is  what we should be doing--by extending the clean energy tax credits and  giving businesses certainty over the long term. On top of that, what we  should be doing is strengthening the credits. And then we are going to  do everything we can to take every action that we can to clear the path  for American solar deployment--wind and other types of clean energy--to  accelerate our transition.   That is what they should say. Unlike this investigation, that would  be welcome news in Colorado and, I would say, almost everywhere across  the country.   