 Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to H.R. 6929, another Democrat bailout bill by the sponsors  of the nanny state.   It is clear that ``Bidenflation'' is crushing the American people  with the Biden price hike that is causing sky-high gas prices, and  Americans are struggling to stay afloat as the economy limps toward  recession.   Not surprisingly though, Democrats are trying to redefine the term  ``recession'' to avoid recognizing the failures of their damaging  policies.  [[Page H7215]]    Let me help them out by quoting, paraphrasing from the former  President Ronald Reagan: A recession is when your neighbor loses his  job. A depression is when you lose your job. But a recovery is when  Democrat Members of Congress lose their jobs.   This legislation would make hardworking middle-class taxpayers  reimburse pension plan participants who were employed by the now- defunct Delphi Corporation and add 6 percent interest. The Democrats  insist that this is just an attempt to rightfully recover losses  suffered by these former employees.   But early in my own career, I actually experienced this kind of  unfortunate situation firsthand. In fact, my first employer after  college ended their cash balance pension plan just a couple of years  after I started with the company. But it never occurred to me that  other hardworking taxpayers should have to pay me for the benefits and  earnings that I missed out on.   My next employer sold my division to a competitor, and then the  former parent company went under, and the value of their stock that  made up a significant portion of my retirement account went to zero.  But, again, it never occurred to me that other, hardworking taxpayers  should have to pay me to restore my lost investment value.   In both cases, recognizing the risks and rewards associated with our  nonsocialist, free enterprise economic system, I just kept working  hard, saving money for retirement, with no help from Congress or  confiscation of resources from other hardworking taxpayers.    To my benevolent colleagues on the other side, I have one question  for you: Where does this end? And we know where it ends, with these  policies carried to its logical conclusion, with the physical ruin of  America.   But I should say benevolent with other people's money and with our  children's financial and economic future.   Should Congress reimburse every American's investment retirement plan  when it suffers a loss?   What if all Americans seek repayment for their losses in this failed  Biden economy, because it does affect everyone.   But hardworking Americans have had enough. Why should the  constituents of my Virginia Fifth District pay for someone else's  retirement plan?   Enough with the stimulus checks; enough with the bailouts; enough  with paying people not to work; enough with growing the welfare state;  enough with incentivizing and rewarding the wrong behavior, while  punishing those who do the right thing.   Let's get back to the Trump policies, 1 percent inflation, $2 gas  prices, and put Americans back to work. I urge all of my colleagues to  vote against this Democrat bailout bill.    I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the  chairman of our Freedom Caucus, for allowing me to join tonight.   It is the fireman whose solution is to start more fires, quite  frankly.   You wonder, this President, his administration, is there a devious,  malicious intent, or is there just an illiteracy, a failure to  recognize basic economic principles, as the gentleman from Arizona was  just talking about tonight?    Their war that they have declared on fossil fuels, their war that  they have declared on the American energy industry, is dishonest and  dangerous demonization of an industry that is vital to our economy,  vital to our industry, vital to our national security.   To inherit a year and a half ago American energy independence for the  first time ever and $2 gas prices--I know we talked about the 2020  campaign over and over. Do you like Trump's $2 gas prices, or do you  like Obama-Biden's $4 gas prices?   Who would have known that in just a year and a half's time, they  would be so good at jacking those prices up to $5 a gallon? What is  their solution to that? Oh, just go spend 70,000 bucks on your Tesla.   The more pain that you experience, said their Transportation  Secretary, who knows nothing about transportation, has no experience in  transportation, but said: Hey, the more pain you experience, that just  means the more benefit that is being enjoyed. So, hey, buy yourself a  $70,000 Tesla if you can't afford to put gas in your cars.   It is making no measurable or negligible difference on the cost of  gas or the cost of fuel, but what it has done is to compromise our  national security, once again, our economic security, once again.  Emptying our Strategic Petroleum Reserves for political purposes is  just an egregious failure, once again, by this administration.    That is right.    Well, you might think you can go to President  Trump and get him to sell it at those prices from 6 years ago.    Will the gentleman yield?    They are executing the plan.    To Mr. Hice's comment about $6,000, the average  family paying $500 more a month, $6,000 more per year, that is net  take-home cost. That means you have to earn some $10,000 to make the  $6,000 that you are losing just to break even.   So essentially we have lost $10,000 worth of gross income to  Bidenflation, the Biden price hike. You wonder about the  administration, you know, do they not know or do they not care?   It is not just the gas prices, which as we know--and we would hope  that they would understand, but perhaps they don't or, again, perhaps  they don't care, whichever is worse--but the number one thing that  impacts American families--middle-income, low-income, fixed-income  folks--is what they are paying at the pump.   It is not just the gas prices that have doubled under this  administration, but it is all the other fuel costs that are going up.  It is everything that is shipped, which is everything that we buy, so  it is driving up inflation across the board. It is everything that is  produced from petroleum products driving up prices further.   Then there is the lie about the fact that we could ever move to  renewables anyway, which is a lie to begin with. Then there is the  climate damage that they are causing because we are buying fuel from  other countries who are not the clean producers that we are.   Meanwhile, it is being shipped across the ocean, which causes more  pollution, so it is contrary to what they say they want to believe from  a climate standpoint, not to mention the embarrassment of sending our  President overseas, as Mr. Perry said, proverbial gas can in hand,  pleading and begging with other countries to provide what we can  produce for ourselves, not to mention the national security risk, being  dependent on foreign countries--who hate us--for vital energy, not to  mention enriching Putin with the ability to sell fuel at a higher price  to fund his war, not to mention having Europe get greater dependence on  Russia.   The whole piece together--economically, national security, even the  climate concern that he claims to have--is all compromised by what he  is doing, intentionally, willfully executing the plan, Mr. Perry, as  you said, on the war on American energy.    Who he thinks is a competitor, not an  adversary.    They are getting hit on so many levels, as you  said, Mr. Hice. Housing costs are through the roof, home prices, rental  costs through the roof. At the same time, interest rates are surging-- we have got 75 basis points increase again today--interest rates going  through the roof, so they are getting squeezed terribly on housing.   At the same time, inflation is eating away at everything, their  purchasing power generally. So what do you have here? Wages have gone  up some 4 to 5 percent, but it has been doubled by inflation. So real  wages have gone down by 4 to 5 percent, so you are making less than you  were a year ago, your housing costs are through the roof compared to a  year ago, and you can't afford to heat your home, fill your car.   To your point earlier, Mr. Perry, the Democrats' response is to  double down on the policies that caused it to begin with. The President  has even said: We are going through a transition; we are part way  through the transition. When we get through to the other side,  everything is going to be better.   I guess when you don't have a job, when you don't have a home, when  you don't have a car, and you are dependent on the government for some  meager subsistence to try to just barely get by. But yet you can say,  well, I guess I have no energy, which is the same thing as how they  define clean energy, then I guess they will declare that as victory  with the policies they have enacted and inflicted the American people  with.    The solutions to it, as we all know, are to  stop the spending, stop printing money, stop causing inflation by  continuing the economic policies and the fiscal policies of this  administration. Stop the spending, stop printing money that we don't  have, and driving inflation. Stop ruining our fiscal future. That is  going to cause interest on the national debt to increase. The part of  our budget that has to fund the national debt is going to increase,  getting nothing for that.   Secondly, stop paying people not to work. Stop incentivizing and  subsidizing the wrong behaviors. Stop making people comfortable as we  grow the welfare state and grow the dependent state. Reverse the energy  policy. Stop the war on American energy. Unleash American energy again.  Go back to the Trump policies. Lower taxes. Allow more Americans to  keep more of their earnings. Stimulate the economy that way. Stimulate  growth and investment in businesses. Then deregulate. End the  regulatory assault on American businesses and the American economy. And  then, finally, cut and reduce government.   We have got to do those things. Those are the proactive steps that  will take place. This administration and this Democrat majority has  shown no willingness to recognize how they have caused these problems  and how the American people are suffering as a result.   Instead, they want to push through more of the build back bankrupt  agenda. They want to break that up into pieces and try to pass that in  this remaining 6 months of this election cycle.    Our future with these policies, especially on  the energy side--look at California with the brown-outs they are  experience. That is our future for the country. Look at Europe, who is  going to freeze this winter because of the way they have compromised  their energy policies and tried to move to renewables, and they cannot  heat their homes this coming winter.   To paraphrase what Ronald Reagan said: Recession is when your  neighbor loses his job; depression is when you lose your job; recovery,  though, is when Democrats in Congress lose their job. Hope is coming.   