 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this  nominee has been failed by the bureaucracy that he attempts to join.   For months, I have been working with the State Department and the  Department of Homeland Security--USCIS specifically--to rectify an  egregious immigration case.   A North Dakota family, an American family, is being forced to live  apart from each other after one of the parents, a Canadian,  inadvertently overstayed their visa after receiving poor advice during  the chaos of the COVID pandemic. This forced separation has been  ongoing since last year. In fact, the Canadian citizen, the Canadian  mother, is barred for 10 years from returning to her home.   The family has complied with every request our government has thrown  at them and, as we speak, are working on fulfilling another dilatory  and unnecessary request for more information.   The review of this case could have been done a long time ago, but  instead bureaucrats are expediting nothing, stringing out request after  request, actually forcing my constituent to prove the hardship of being  separated and even show why moving to Canada would be a problem. Think  of it. Their own government is asking them to justify why they can't  just move to Canada. They are past the point of exasperation, and I  don't know how we can blame them.   It is wrong and unjust, especially when my constituents witness the  same Agency allowing thousands of people to pour across our southern  border without a scintilla of review every single day.   The government is not without fault in this case, and I could share  many more frustrating details of their saga, but I will refrain for the  sake of their privacy as they work through this grueling process.  However, my holds on DHS nominees will remain until this case is  resolved. And I will add, if there is no meaningful change soon, these  holds will expand to other Agencies that are involved in this case-- specifically, the State Department.   It is not a decision I make lightly and one I would rather not make  at all, but I would like to state the obvious: It shouldn't take a U.S.  Senator personally calling Agencies and the administration while  holding up nominees to get the so-called public servants to actually  serve the public.   Get this done.   With that, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would be  happy to have a vote on this this afternoon. But the decision isn't  mine; it is the bureaucrats at DHS.   I object.   