 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I, Senator  Klobuchar, Senator Cotton, and Senator Paul be permitted to complete  their remarks prior to the scheduled rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3843. This  bipartisan package of commonsense antitrust reforms would bring a whole  lot of much-needed improvements to the administration of our Federal  antitrust laws.   First, it would update our merger filing fees to reduce the financial  burden on the vast majority of filers. Second, it would implement the  State Antitrust Enforcement Venue Act to allow State attorneys general  to benefit from the same protection as Federal antitrust enforcers so  that their enforcement actions cannot just be transferred out of their  State to more defendant-friendly jurisdictions. And, third, this  legislation would require companies that submit premerger filings with  the FTC and Department of Justice to notify the Agencies of any  subsidies or support that they receive from foreign countries of  concern such as China, Russia, and Iran. This will allow our antitrust  enforcers to ensure that American markets are not being manipulated by  hostile States.   Finally, in addition to simply being good policy, these reforms are  the product of bipartisan cooperation, exemplifying the model for  future bipartisan cooperation on antitrust legislation.   I, therefore, stand in strong support of this legislation and in  support of this request.   I would like to yield my time to the distinguished Senator from  Minnesota.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R.  3843, which was received from the House and is at the desk; further,  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, it is unfortunate that an objection has been  lodged. I think I disagree with every single assertion in there. It is  not what this bill does, not in the slightest. This bill does not take  the position that big is bad. I  [[Page S7052]]  am well familiar with the ``big is bad'' theory. That is not what this  is. The merger fees are being reduced for, like, 85 percent of all  filers. This simply allows them to do what they need to do and nothing  more. It is unfortunate.   I am thankful to my cosponsor, Senator Klobuchar, who is the lead  sponsor of this bill, for the bipartisan effort in which she has  managed this.   