 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I would like to begin by thanking Chair Eddie Bernice Johnson for her  leadership on H.R. 4521, the America COMPETES Act, and the many chairs  across the House for their work to bring this bill to the floor.   Our economy is only as strong as the next generation of American  workers. The key to ensuring that our young people transition  seamlessly into good-paying careers is to make sure that high-quality  education and job training is affordable and accessible to all.   It is also important that students have access to important  information about programs or institutions they may want to attend to  ensure they can make smart, informed decisions after high school.   That is why I am proud to offer an amendment to the America COMPETES  Act with my colleagues Anthony Gonzalez and Raja Krishnamoorthi.   The first part of this amendment is modeled after my Jumpstart Our  Businesses by Supporting Students Act, or the JOBS Act, with Senators  Kaine and Portman and Congressman Gonzalez, to expand Pell grant  eligibility to certain high-quality, short-term programs that can  launch graduates into successful careers while also giving them paths  to 2- and 4-year degrees.   This amendment also includes the College Transparency Act led by  Congressman Krishnamoorthi, which establishes a secure, privacy- protected postsecondary data system to collect and report student  outcomes.   Both these initiatives are critical as we seek to rebuild the middle  class and ensure workers have the skills needed to pursue in-demand,  good-paying jobs.   I close by urging my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the chairman of the House  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez), my partner.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Krishnamoorthi).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.   