 Madam President, for nearly 2 years, the U.S. Capitol  Building and Senate offices have been largely closed to the American  people whom we serve. Our constituents have been unable to enter the  Senate buildings to meet with their representatives, and Americans of  all ages, from schoolchildren to seniors, have been deprived of the  patriotic sense of wonderment that comes from visiting the hallowed  halls of the Capitol Building. The openness of the Halls of Congress  and public participation in the legislative process have always been  hallmarks of American democracy.   It is long past time for the Senate to reopen its doors to the  American people. Thanks to Operation Warp Speed, vaccines have been  available for more than a year for those who want them. Americans have  learned how to safely gather and enter public places despite the  pandemic. Over 70,000 people attended the Super Bowl in Los Angeles on  Sunday, in fact. Yet there are reports that some of the leadership in  this building want to significantly limit the number of lawmakers who  are allowed to attend President Biden's State of the Union Address in  just a couple of weeks.   From stores to venues and most workplaces and schools, the rest of  the United States has reopened to gatherings and regular business.  Shouldn't the Senate, whose buildings belong to the public, do the  same? That is why I have introduced a resolution providing that the  Senate, first, recognizes the importance of reopening the Capitol and  Senate office buildings to the public and, second, supports returning  to the pre-COVID visitor policies for areas within Senate jurisdiction.  I am pleased that 26 of my colleagues have joined me as cosponsors of  this resolution.   Importantly, if there are operational matters that need to be worked  out as part of reopening, this resolution provides no obstacle to doing  so. It simply states that the Senate supports reopening and recognizes  the importance of doing so.   I am asking my colleagues to join me today in support of the access  to American democracy and a return to normal life and in opposition to  endless pandemic lockdown, and I am pleased to be joined here today by  my colleague from Indiana.    Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed  [[Page S694]]  to the consideration of S. Res. 512, submitted earlier today. Further,  I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble  be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I greatly respect my colleague from  Minnesota, and I have enjoyed working with her on the Rules Committee,  but her objection to this resolution provides an unfortunate but clear  answer: No, Democrats don't support reopening the Senate.   Hopefully sometime soon, my Democratic colleagues will wake up to the  fact that Americans are sick of endless lockdowns and the condescending  message that it sends to the American people that they need government  to tell them what to do.   With regard to the objection that we need a more measured process in  consultation with various officials, I talked to the Capitol Police  Chief last week, and we can work with his team and the Sergeant at Arms  to address any specific operational issues. We can also work with the  Attending Physician. All of that is downstream of the basic question  here, which is whether the Senate supports reopening. If the Senate  supports reopening, then we can figure out the rest.   Senate leadership sets the policy for the Capitol Building and the  office buildings that are under Senate jurisdiction. That is why we  have different COVID policies than the House. If it was up to the  Attending Physician or the Capitol Police, the policy probably wouldn't  change at the midpoint of the Capitol Building, as it does today.   We are the elected officials in the building. We are the ones who  were elected to make decisions. We shouldn't dodge that responsibility,  and we need to lead by making a clear statement that it is time to  reopen the Senate to our constituents. It is unfortunate that many of  my Democratic colleagues don't feel the same way. We need to reopen the  Senate now.   I yield the floor.   