 Mr. President, to hear the other side talk--by ``the  other side,'' I mean the Democrats--they would never dream of  questioning our democratic process. So I want to take you back in  history just a little ways to just before the 2020 election.   Let's not forget the outlandish conspiracy theory promoted by leading  Democrats in the runup to the 2020 election that somehow the Postal  Service might not deliver absentee ballots.   Postmaster General DeJoy was slandered and slandered disgracefully  based on no evidence whatsoever of any wrongdoing. The Postmaster is  hired by the Board of Governors of the Postal Service. He was neither  appointed by President Trump, nor did he answer to President Trump. The  fact that DeJoy had supported President Trump's election was just  enough for the other side to concoct a highly implausible election- tampering plot.   Now, after the election of President Biden, we heard no more about  the problems of the Postal Service maybe not delivering mail. The  necessary business transformation initiated by Postmaster General DeJoy  to make sure that the ballots did arrive to be counted on time--that  business transformation resumed after an election pause to allay  irrational fears stirred up by partisans. We have heard precious little  about this alleged threat to democracy since the election. Now, had the  election gone differently, I suspect that we would have heard a lot  more.   However, the effect of that scare tactic still lingers to this very  day. Along that line, I hear from Iowans who dropped off their absentee  ballots for the first time, scared that their vote would not have been  counted if mailed because of that conspiracy theory against DeJoy that  somehow the Postal Service was going to make sure a Democrat ballot  didn't get delivered.   My State of Iowa is one of the few States that use the Postal  Service's Intelligent bar code on ballot envelopes. That helps the  Postal Service expedite the ballots and allows Iowans to track their  ballot until it is delivered to the county auditors. Iowans continue to  be able to vote absentee with great confidence that their vote will  count.   So it makes me very sad that some were convinced otherwise as part of  a political con game prior to the 2020 election. This denigrating of  our election process for short-term political gain is disgraceful.   Now, I see the current false claims about State laws suppressing  votes in the same light. Whether Democrats believe their own talking  points or whether it is a cynical attempt to paint Republicans as anti- voting, these false claims undermine faith in the democracy.   I yield the floor.   