 Madam President, I rise to object to the Senator from  Utah's request.   I understand his concern and the concern of the people in both  parties, both sides of the aisle here in the Senate, to take action on  this infant formula challenge that so many families are suffering  through right now. The unfortunate part about this proposal is that  this will put babies at risk in ways that we don't even fully  understand right now.   There is bipartisan concern, and the evidence for that is the action  of committees--bipartisan work in several committees, including the  Agriculture Committee as well as the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee--bipartisan work to meet this crisis. And the focus  of that work has been to get formula on shelves as soon as possible.   It is important to remember how our Nation's formula crisis began.  Abbott's recall--the manufacturer--the recall and the closure came  after as many as nine infants died from contaminated formula. That is  how this started, contaminated formula.   Now, we can and we should get to the bottom of the abject failures  that led to contaminated formula hitting the shelves. I have been  working on this for months--many months before this crisis came to a  head--but we can't forget our top priority here when it comes to  protecting infants. We have got to keep our Nation's most vulnerable,  these infants, safe.   And it is pretty clear that the Food and Drug Administration bears  responsibility for dropping the ball in so many ways in terms of  inspections, but still, even despite that failure, the FDA standards  are the best in the world.   As I mentioned, the Agriculture and HELP Committees have already done  bipartisan work. And I think when you saw the hearings that took place,  especially in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee,  there was bipartisan condemnation of the Food and Drug Administration  and bipartisan calls for accountability at the Food and Drug  Administration. And they should be hit very hard in terms of the  accountability that should be imposed and must be imposed on the FDA.  Unfortunately, this bill will completely disregard the FDA standards  for safety which would put our children at risk.   I would also mention the HELP Committee's work marking up a bill last  week, an FDA bill, with amendments allowing importation during the  shortage with appropriate guardrails to ensure formula is safe for our  Nation's infants. These bipartisan amendments represent a more  appropriate path forward than this approach today to limit the FDA's  ability to protect our infants.   Now is not the time to completely abandon safety standards. We need  to do everything we can to get formula back on shelves, but we can't  compromise safety at any cost.   Here are just some examples. Go to the FDA's website under the Food  and Drug Administration's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition.  Here are a few examples from their database.   In July 2016, a 4-week-old baby in the United States was fed a stage  1 infant milk product approved in nearly all the countries described in  the Senator's bill but not in the United States. After consuming the  formula, the baby experienced diarrhea, fever, vomiting, and lethargy.  The baby ended up in the emergency room where he was diagnosed with a  salmonella infection.   Second example, January 2017: A 1-month-old baby was similarly  poisoned by a product approved by the countries in this bill but not  legally marketed in the United States, and that baby began vomiting.   In January 2019, a 5-month-old began experiencing upper abdominal  pain and diarrhea after consuming another such product. That is just a  small example.   These concerns are why the American Academy of Pediatrics for years  has warned against importing formula from Europe. The Academy has  published articles highlighting the dangers of buying imported baby  formulas and advising against doing so. So despite all this, the  Senator and others want to go forward with this bill.   Here is the good news--the only good news in the short run. Here is  the good news. We don't have to compromise safety standards to increase  the supply.   We already know that the administration's Operation Fly Formula is  bringing formula into the United States at a pretty rapid clip--32  flights, 19 million 8-ounce bottle equivalents of formula. That is not  the end of it. The FDA right now is using enforcement discretion to  allow the importation of additional select formula through normal  distribution channels, bolstering the domestic supply of safe and  nutritious formula by over 220 million 8-ounce bottle equivalents. Add  the two of them together, and you have almost 240 million bottles, many  of which have already been imported safely.   The administration is also taking other steps to increase formula  production domestically by invoking the Defense Production Act to  prioritize critical ingredients and manufacturing supplies for infant  formula production.    So steps are being taken, but we cannot--when we are invoking these  powers of the executive branch or enacting legislation, we cannot  compromise on safety. We have to have the highest safety standards in  the world, which we do, and we have got to make sure that we adhere to  those safety standards.   So I object.    Mr. President, I object.   Let me walk through why. My friend from Utah, in the spirit to try to  work something out here, is offering a counterproposal.   The problem that I have with this is the amendment--now we are  talking about the Department of Agriculture, which plays a role here. I  will get to that in a moment.   But in this case, the amendment would direct this Agency, the  Department of Agriculture, to allow formula to be included in the  Women, Infants, and Children's nutrition program that does not meet  USDA standards. So now, we have a concern that I initially raised about  FDA standards. Now, we have USDA standards for safety and nutritional  adequacy.   I would also add that this amendment is unnecessary because of action  that was taken by the leaders of the Committee on Agriculture,  Nutrition, and Forestry. That committee passed a bipartisan bill, the  Access to Baby Formula Act, that the President just signed into law.  This already provides the Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture,  with the discretion it needs to expand the products available to WIC  parents and babies--right now that is the law--while also continuing to  meet those high nutritional needs of the babies.   So, again, the concerns here are standards--safety standards--for  those infants.    Mr. President, I object, in this case, on much more  limited grounds. Here is the reason: The Senator from Utah is trying to  work something out here, and we appreciate that.   The Democratic side has not had the opportunity yet to review this  amendment so we would seek, in the interest of comity, more time to  review it. And on that basis, I object.    Mr. President, I object for the same narrow reason, which  is that the Democratic side has not had the opportunity to review this  amendment. We will do that on both this amendment and the prior  amendment and see where we are. On that basis, I object.   I will also add for the record, on the debate overall, I think my  friend is expressing a real concern that both sides have. It is not as  if we just arrived here today to start talking about this issue. As I  have said for months now, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee, in a bipartisan way, and the Committee on Agriculture,  Nutrition, and Forestry, in a bipartisan way, have been working on  these issues. So to suggest that somehow the debate just started today  and that neither side is doing enough, I think is not accurate. Both  sides are concerned about this. Both Houses and both parties are very  concerned about it. It is a real crisis. The FDA should be held  accountable. As I said earlier, it should be hit hard for this, but we  can't compromise safety standards, and that is the reason for my  objection.   