 Madam Speaker, I will begin by thanking the  Chairwoman of the Financial Services Committee for her support of this  legislation and for her career-long support for financial access and  inclusion; and, also, my colleague from Arkansas' support to make this  a bipartisan initiative.   Madam Speaker, our economy has not always worked for all communities  equally. This is evident in the glaring wealth disparities for American  families emphasized in the 2019 survey of Consumer Finances Federal  Reserve Report.   One way to address these issues is to ensure access to diverse and  affordable financial services that can help individuals save money and  help small businesses raise capital. That is why I urge my colleagues  to vote for my bill, the Promoting New and Diverse Depository  Institutions Act.   Over the last several decades, there has been consolidation among  banks and credit unions. This has effectively limited the products  available to consumers and artificially driven up costs while closing  banking branches for people who already did not have many choices.   My bipartisan bill is the first step to increasing the supply of  banking services by directing banking regulators to work together to  address the challenges that new depository institutions, including MDIs  and CDFIs, face when applying for a charter.   Starting and maintaining a new bank or credit union is hard work. It  is the banking regulators' responsibility to measure and mitigate the  challenges that new banks face.   MDIs and CDFIs play a unique and vital role in our financial system  and often have a close relationship with their consumers. By investing  in and supporting MDIs and CDFIs, Congress can foster economic  opportunities for people who otherwise are unable to access affordable  banking services in a system that is already restricted and  restrictive.   My bill will help new banks, and in so doing, it will expand access  to affordable services for unbanked communities. I believe this bill is  a necessary step toward advancing economic equality in our country, and  I ask your help to ensure that all Americans have access to affordable  banking services regardless of their address.   