 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 6611 would allow the Government of France to  establish a bench near the French Embassy in Washington, D.C., as a  commemorative work honoring the life and the legacy of Jean Monnet.   Jean Monnet was a French diplomat who advocated for European unity  and peace following both World War I and World War II. After World War  II, Jean Monnet proposed the creation of the European Coal and Steel  Community to pool coal and steel production to increase living  standards across Europe and make war materially impossible.   The actions of Jean Monnet are poignant and valuable lessons today as  Europe and the rest of the world seek to counter the unhinged and  unwarranted aggression of Vladimir Putin against the sovereign nation  of Ukraine.   In the future, it is my hope that we can work together to unleash  American energy production to support not only the needs of Americans  but also the needs of our allies abroad. Ensuring the United States'  and our allies' energy independence will be vital for national security  and peace across Europe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 314. This bill would repeal the  Klamath Judgment Fund Act and direct the Secretary of the Interior to  disburse to the Klamath Tribes the balance of any funds that were set  aside for legal fees, administration, and per capita trust accounts.   The legislation will bring to a close the final distribution of  judgments the Klamath Tribes received through the Indian Claims  Commission for a wide variety of historical claims. These judgment  funds were distributed primarily to individual Tribe members and their  heirs because, at the time, Congress had rescinded Federal recognition  of the Klamath Tribes before the judgments were finalized. The Klamath  Tribes regained Federal recognition in 1986.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, this bill affects  approximately $600,000 remaining in the Klamath Judgment Fund for  approximately 200 Tribal members or their next of kin that the  Department of the Interior says it cannot locate.   The Klamath Tribes has requested that these remaining funds be  transferred to the Tribe so that they may distribute the remaining  funds to the Tribal elders still living, who were parties to the  judgments.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 789, the Repealing  Existing Substandard Provisions Encouraging Conciliation with Tribes  Act, also known as the RESPECT Act. This legislation would repeal  several antiquated and outdated Federal laws directed at Native  Americans. It is a bill that is long overdue.   During the mid-1800s and the mid-1900s, the Federal Government  attempted to assimilate Native Americans by disrupting traditional  community structures and ways of life.   S. 789 repeals 11 statutes passed during that time that are obsolete  and have been unenforced for decades.   Federal Indian policy today recognizes the unique sovereign status of  Tribal governments and supports government-to-government relationships  between the United States and each of the hundreds of recognized Tribes  across our country.   S. 789 is part of that policy, acknowledging that these laws  unfortunately existed and that they should be formally repealed and  removed from the United States Code.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Saline Lake Ecosystems in the  Great Basin States Program Act.   Although we are considering the Senate version of this bill today, I  commend my colleague from Utah, Mr. Blake Moore, for his tireless  advocacy for both the House companion bill, which he sponsored, and the  Senate bill before us today.   This bill requires the U.S. Geological Survey to establish an  assessment and monitoring program that would address the hydrology of  saline lake ecosystems in the Great Basin of the Western United States.  There are 20 saline lakes located in parts of Utah, Nevada, Oregon, and  California, several actually in my district. Across this area, saline  lakes and their associated wetlands support an important network of  habitat for migratory birds and other species.   This bill will inform and support coordinated Federal, State, and  local management and conservation efforts to benefit those ecosystems,  migratory birds, and other wildlife.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2551 is a commonsense piece of legislation,  sponsored by Representative   John Curtis of Utah, that would improve  access along a popular bike trail in Utah known as the Bonneville  Shoreline Trail.   Approximately 326 acres of the trail are currently inaccessible for  bikers due to overlapping wilderness designations. Representative  Curtis' bill simply swaps these 326 acres out of the Mount Olympus  Wilderness Area and adds in equal acreage in separate areas to ensure  access to outdoor recreational activities.   This is a great example of commonsense types of bills that the House  should be considering. It is locally supported. It is a solution that  will allow for more outdoor recreation and enjoyment of our public  lands.   During a hearing on the bill, the Biden administration testified in  support of this legislation. The bill also enjoys the support of more  than 30 diverse stakeholders, including the Governor of Utah, The Trust  for Public Land, the Outdoor Alliance, the Bonneville Shoreline Trail  Committee,  [[Page H9680]]  PeopleforBikes, American Trails, the International Mountain Biking  Association, and several others.   Letters from these organizations state, in part, that the bill will  help create opportunities for new extracurricular activities for  students at a local high school, provide equitable access to the  outdoors, and support local small businesses.   The Outdoor Alliance also wrote a letter supporting the bill, which  states that: ``Common sense, modest adjustments, offset by new  wilderness additions, can be an important tool for ensuring that  existing boundaries do not create insurmountable obstacles to  sustainable recreation in places where relatively minor adjustments can  be made without undercutting the values that animate the Wilderness  Act. We believe that these conditions are met here.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield such time as  he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis).    Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5715. This bill would  reauthorize the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation through  2029. The bill does not increase the funding authorization level of  this program, which received approximately $5.1 million in funding last  fiscal year.   In 1992, Congress passed the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and  Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation Act to award  scholarships and select Native American congressional interns.   In 1998, Congress amended the Udall Foundation to create the United  States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution.   The institute provides mediation and related services to help resolve  environmental, resources, and lands conflict involving the Federal  Government. Congress has twice reauthorized the Udall Foundation, in  2009 and again in 2019.   I thank Chairman Grijalva for working with the Committee Republicans  to include good government language we proposed in H.R. 5715 that would  require the Department of the Interior's inspector general to conduct  an audit 4 years after this reauthorization. Similar language was  included in the Udall Foundation's 2019 reauthorization.   The Udall Foundation is making steady progress toward implementing  recommendations previously raised by the inspector general to ensure  they are fully complying with Federal requirements. Requiring another  audit in 4 years gives the foundation time to implement the new  standards and reforms they are working to put in place and advances  this committee's role in conducting proper oversight of Federal funds  and programs.   Republican amendments have been made to this legislation that would  help ensure continued oversight of the program and the implementation  of good government practices prior to a future reauthorization.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues across the aisle  for their bipartisan work on this bill. I urge adoption of the bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Red River National Wildlife  Refuge Boundary Modification Act, a bill sponsored by the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson).  [[Page H9682]]    H.R. 6427 would revise the boundary of the Red River National  Wildlife Refuge in Louisiana and expand waterfowl conservation  opportunities on a 3,300-acre tract. This parcel has been actively  managed to provide increased habitat for migrating waterfowl in the  Central Flyway of North America.   Although this legislation would authorize the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service to acquire these lands from a willing seller, this bill would  not increase the refuge's 50,000-acre statutory cap.   I thank Mr. Johnson for introducing this measure and also thank Ducks  Unlimited for its work on this bill and for its longstanding advocacy  for waterfowl conservation and hunting access.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill and reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson), the sponsor of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H9683]]    Madam Speaker, H.R. 7496 would require the National Park Service to  install a plaque on the Ram Head Trail in the Virgin Islands National  Park recognizing a slave rebellion that began on St. John in 1733. I  applaud Delegate Plaskett for leading this effort along with the  support of Congressman Reschenthaler.   In 1733, the island of St. John in Danish West Indies was occupied by  roughly 200 European settlers and more than 1,000 African slaves, most  of whom were starving following a major drought and a devastating  hurricane.   To quell disorder amongst the slaves, strict mandates were imposed  that inflicted severe punishments against rebelling slaves.   On November 23, 1733, a group of slaves took possession of a Danish  fort while another group overtook plantations, resulting in rebel  control of most of the island. Danish troops could not manage the  revolt, and French troops came to aid, assisting in the capture and  execution of the rebels. Rather than be captured, some rebels chose to  instead commit collective suicide, involving 11 rebels whose bodies  were found at the Ram Head rebel camp.   The plaque authorized by H.R. 7496 would include important facts  about this rebellion. Information about the tragic suicide that  occurred during the rebellion, and the significance of the slave  rebellion to the history of this island.   The Ram Head Trail is a popular tourist destination, and the marker  commemorating the 1733 slave rebellion will serve to educate the public  about this heartbreaking event in world history and the freedom  fighters who bravely took a stand against the evils of slavery.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7952. This is a bipartisan  bill that authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to issue a right-of- way permit to relocate a natural gas distribution pipeline segment in  the Valley Forge Historical National Park located in Pennsylvania.   This bill is necessary to allow the Pennsylvania Department of  Transportation to realign a road at the park's entrance to a new  location within the park boundary, which will require moving the  utilities in the existing roadbed to the new roadbed. This project is  part of a larger effort by PennDOT to improve the area surrounding the  park.   The Valley Forge Historical Park is the iconic location of the famous  Revolutionary War encampment and contains numerous significant cultural  and natural resources, including 40 historic monuments and memorials,  as well as several diverse habitats.   This bill's authorization of a responsible relocation of an integral  natural gas pipeline demonstrates the important truth that we can  effectively balance the energy needs of local communities with our  equally important goal of conserving our treasured Federal lands for  future generations.   Madam Speaker, I support this bill because it recognizes the  necessity of energy infrastructure like natural gas pipelines, and the  important role that they serve for communities to meet their needs for  dependable, affordable energy.   It is very encouraging to me to see this bill brought to the House  floor today, and it is my hope that my friends on the other side of the  aisle will support additional legislation to facilitate the timely  siting and approval of a pipeline infrastructure consistent with this  bill which has been championed by my Democratic colleagues.  [[Page H9684]]    H.R. 7952 offers hope going forward that we can pursue additional  commonsense solutions to address the significant energy challenges  facing our Nation.   We remain committed to this important work, and I encourage all of my  colleagues to join us in this effort.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this commonsense,  bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   