 Madam Speaker, I particularly thank the chair for yielding  this time but also for her very important leadership on the Committee  on Small Business and for the excellence of her example--getting all of  us to the point of where we are today.    At a time when, as has been said, small businesses are at risk of  being pushed out of the Federal procurement space due to forces outside  of their control, it is imperative that we unite across the aisle, as  has been stated, to stand up for small business concerns and to help  grow their presence in the Federal contracting space where possible.   I am very pleased to work with Representative Stauber, the  distinguished gentleman from Minnesota, who, on committee and at this  time, jointly share an interest in this legislation because of what it  does. I look forward to working with Mr. Stauber in the future on other  joint endeavors.   I also thank the staff of the Committee on Small Business for working  very hard to pull together this commonsense bill that protects small  businesses by incentivizing large prime contractors to adhere to their  contracting plans.   Now, some might say, well, why do you have to do that? Unfortunately,  if we don't do it, they will continue as  [[Page H5260]]  they have done, to not adhere to those plans, and it hurts the overall  small business community.   Currently, prime contractors have very little economic incentive to  do the right things, to abide by their subcontracting plans, and these  are the plans that they, themselves have negotiated. So when prime  contractors disregard these pre-negotiated terms, the only recourse  that we have is to make sure that we find a way to involve ourselves  before they are left with their only alternative, which is to file a  lawsuit.   Given the nature of the courts, any small business relief that may  come to them could prove to be too little, too late.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota. This bill  creates an economic incentive for prime contractors to follow their  subcontracting plans by requiring any agency of the government to  assess those plans and to offer advice and an opinion on whether or not  they have complied.    Madam Speaker, by amending the language of the Small  Business Act, by expanding its scope, this legislation will give  contractors that treat small businesses the right and the fair way, a  greater chance at winning Federal contractors. And it will hopefully  incentivize those contractors that are not, to finally do the right  thing.   Madam Speaker, I respectfully ask that my colleagues vote in support  of H.R. 7694, the Strengthening Subcontracting for Small Businesses Act  of 2022.   