 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of en bloc amendment number  one to H.R. 7900, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2023.   This en bloc amendment includes Lynch amendment number 82 which  requires the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan to reimburse our  service members and veterans who expended personal funds to evacuate  their former translators, interpreters, security contractors, pilots,  and other Afghan allies out of the country. In developing this plan,  the Secretary would be required to lay out clear eligibility criteria,  and to consult with the Secretaries of State and Veterans' Affairs as  well as representatives from non-governmental organizations with  expertise in supporting the evacuation of our Afghan allies.   Mr. Speaker, it has been nearly one year since the U.S. officially  withdrew its forces and diplomatic corps from Afghanistan. In that  time, countless military and veteran volunteers have worked tirelessly  to evacuate their Afghan colleagues and bring them to safety. These  dedicated Americans have often spent significant personal funds,  including maxing out credit cards and exhausting military pensions and  life savings, to try to save the lives of those who fought and  sacrificed alongside our forces, and who now face mortal danger under  the Taliban regime. This amendment  [[Page H6265]]  honors the dedication of these brave Americans who have shown an  unwavering loyalty to those Afghans who worked with us.   I would like to extend my thanks to Armed Services Committee Chairman  Adam Smith, Ranking Member Mike Rogers, and their staffs for including  my amendment in this en bloc and would urge my colleagues on both sides  to support it.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of en bloc amendment  number two to H.R. 7900, the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2023, which includes three Lynch amendments that ill  strengthen our capacity to find our missing service members, increase  contracting transparency, and protect veterans from financial fraud.   Amendment No. 235 is a bipartisan amendment that will support the  mission of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA). I would like  to thank my Republican colleague Representative Don Bacon of Nebraska  for joining me in cosponsoring this important amendment that simply  clarifies DOD authority with regard to the resources it may use to  fulfill its mission. Currently, the DPAA may accept gifts such as  personal property, services, and funds to expand its capabilities and  bring more of our missing service members home, but not solicit them.  Under this amendment DPAA may seek out these additional resources as  well. We make a promise to every brave American that we send into  combat not to forget them, and we must do everything to ensure that the  agency tasked with finding them has access to all the means possible to  be able to do so.   Amendment No. 236 reauthorizes the Commission on Wartime Contracting  to conduct oversight of U.S. contracting and reconstruction efforts in  Afghanistan and other areas of contingency operations. This Commission  has a proven track record of helping reduce waste and fraud in overseas  operations contracting. A similar past commission, during its prior  iteration from 2008 to 2011, found between $31 billion and $60 billion  in U.S. taxpayer funds that were lost due to contract waste, fraud, and  abuse in Iraq and Afghanistan. At a time in which all Americans are  worried about the state of our economy, their family finances, and what  the future may hold, it is vital that we examine how our rebuilding and  contract funds were used, and how we can spend more effectively and  transparently in the future.   Finally, Madam Speaker, amendment No. 237 would require the Secretary  of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to  establish an Interagency Task Force on Financial Fraud to identify,  prevent, and combat financial fraud targeting service members,  veterans, and military families. Service members, veterans, and their  families are nearly 40 percent more likely to lose money to scams and  fraud than the civilian population, and four out of five service  members and veterans report they have been targeted by scams directly  related to their military service or benefits. In total, service  members and veterans reported financial losses of $267 million  resulting from scams or fraud in 2021. Earlier today, I chaired a  hearing in the National Security Subcommittee that examined this very  issue. This task force is a necessary first step to understand what  makes our military, veterans and their families so vulnerable, what can  be done to better protect them, and how we can help make whole those  who have been victimized.   I would like to once again extend my thanks to Armed Services  Committee Chairman Adam Smith, Ranking Member Mike Rogers, and their  staffs for including my amendments in this en bloc amendment and would  urge all my colleagues to support it.   