 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Today, it is my honor to rise in support of the Honorable  Justice Tamika Montgomery-Reeves to be confirmed to the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Third Circuit.   Just a few months ago, in September of this year, I had the privilege  to introduce Justice Montgomery-Reeves at her Senate Judiciary  Committee confirmation hearing, where she was  [[Page S7097]]  joined in the audience by her large family and I think most of the  State of Delaware.   As my colleague from Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee, will attest, we needed a few extra chairs at that hearing in  order to accommodate Tamika's family and her friends. Many Delawareans,  including the entire Delaware Court of Chancery and the current chief  justice of the Delaware Supreme Court, either made the trek down I-95  or on the Amtrak train that morning to cheer on Justice Montgomery- Reeves. Today, we bring her nomination one step closer to final  confirmation.   My colleague from Delaware, Senator Coons, and I have often said that  those of us in the Senate could learn a thing or two from the First  State. When it comes to nominating judges, Delaware's Governor is  tasked with filling vacancies on some of the Nation's most highly  regarded State courts, including the Court of Chancery and the Delaware  Supreme Court.   The Governor routinely seeks advice from a bipartisan judicial  nominating commission but is also required to nominate judges from both  political parties. We literally have an overall political balance  across our judiciary. This rule, enshrined in our State's constitution,  brings balance to our court system. I believe it has served our State  and our Nation well for over a century. I think it is a pretty good  model for the rest of the country, actually.   Twenty-five years ago, when I was privileged to serve as Governor of  Delaware, I had the opportunity to nominate a new chancellor--or what  some would call a chief justice--to the Delaware Court of Chancery. I  could have nominated a Democrat. I ended up nominating Bill Chandler.   Bill Chandler was born in Sussex County in southern Delaware and  previously worked for two Republican Governors--Pete du Pont and Mike  Castle. I will tell you, I took some heat politically for that  nomination, but I believed that he was the best qualified person for  the job, and all these years later, I still believe that. It didn't  matter what political party he was from; I knew he would be one heck of  a chancellor, and, boy, was he.   As chancellor, Bill Chandler earned the respect of our Nation's  business and legal communities as a fairminded judge with the utmost  integrity, and along the way, he hired and mentored countless law  students and law clerks. As it turns out, Bill Chandler hired a young  law student, a native of Mississippi, who was a law student at the  University of Georgia. He nominated her to be one of his clerks in  2006. Her name was and still is Tamika Montgomery-Reeves.   I am a proud Delawarean, but, as I think my colleague the Presiding  Officer knows, I am a native son, actually, of West Virginia. Justice  Montgomery-Reeves is also a proud Delawarean, but, like me, she made  her way to Delaware from another place--in her case, Mississippi--and  fell in love with our State, just as I did many years ago.   After clerking for Chancellor Chandler, Tamika graduated and began a  career in private practice. She became an expert in corporate law and  complex business litigation. After a brief stint in private practice in  New York, she was hired by another prominent law firm, Wilson Sonsini,  which just happened to be looking to open up an office in--guess  where--Delaware, the First State. She quickly made partner and could  have continued on a path toward a lucrative legal career, but Tamika  felt called to serve.   In 2015, a vacancy occurred on our Court of Chancery, and then- Governor Jack Markell nominated her to the bench to serve on that  court. And she was confirmed unanimously by the Delaware State Senate.    Four years later, in 2019, Governor John Carney nominated her to  serve on the Delaware State Supreme Court; and, once again, she was  confirmed unanimously by the Delaware State Senate, by every single  Democrat and, just as importantly, by every single Republican.   And by the way, Mr. President and colleagues here in our Chamber  today, the Delaware State Senate leadership, both Democrats and  Republicans, have sent a letter in support of Justice Montgomery- Reeves' confirmation to the Third Circuit.   It is part of the reason that she has earned bipartisan support in  the Judiciary Committee, and that nine of our friends on the other side  of the aisle voted to invoke cloture on her nomination just last week.   On behalf of Senator Coons and myself--I want to take my hat off to  him for helping to guide this nomination through the Judiciary  Committee on to the floor and through last week's cloture vote--we want  to thank all of our colleagues--all of our colleagues--Democrats and  Republicans, who voted last week on moving forward Tamika's nomination.   Having said that, Justice Montgomery-Reeves is also a trailblazer,  becoming the first African American to serve on both the Delaware Court  of Chancery and on the Delaware Supreme Court.   Justice Montgomery-Reeves has been nominated to these positions  because her credentials and her intellect are top-notch, and I might  add, just as importantly, so is her heart.   In addition to her incredible academic and legal career, Tamika and  her husband, Jeffrey, are raising two wonderful boys--sons that any of  us would be proud to call their own--and raising them back home in  Delaware.   So I would just say to them--Jeffrey, Jackson, and Tyson--if you are  watching at home, thank you for allowing your wife and your mom to  continue her service to our country in this new role. I know you are  proud of her, and we are proud of her as well.   Let me close by saying that I am certain that if Tamika Montgomery- Reeves is confirmed, that the Delaware Supreme Court's loss will be our  Nation's gain. She will bring a spirit of collegiality and consensus to  the Third Circuit, just as she has in the courts that she served on in  Delaware.   She is not an ideologue; she is an ideal judge.   Justice Montgomery-Reeves is of the highest caliber judges in our  State and our Nation and has my strongest possible endorsement.   I urge all of our colleagues to join Senator Coons and me--Democrats  and Republicans--in support of her nomination. She will not disappoint.   I would like to yield the floor to my colleague, who has done a great  job in helping to steer this nomination and, actually, to help make the  nomination possible in the first place. It is my pleasure, Senator  Coons.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   