 Mr. President, at the outset, I want to join the majority  leader in his kind words related to Judge Doris Pryor, who is seeking a  seat on the Seventh Circuit of Appeals.   Today, the Senate will vote to confirm Judge Doris Pryor to serve on  the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Judge Pryor is an outstanding  nominee to the appellate bench. She is a graduate of the University of  Central Arkansas and the Indiana University Maurer School of Law.  Following law school, she clerked for Judge Lavenski R. Smith on the  Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals and for Judge J. Leon Holmes on the  U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.   Judge Pryor then served for a short period of time as a deputy public  defender in Texarkana, AR. In 2006, she joined the U.S. Attorney's  Office for the Southern District of Indiana as an Assistant U.S.  Attorney. During her time as a Federal prosecutor, Judge Pryor handled  all types of criminal matters and argued several Federal appeals. She  also served as national security chief and as the office's reentry  [[Page S6951]]  and prevention coordinator. In 2018, she was selected by the district  judges of the Southern District of Indiana to serve as a magistrate  judge, a position she holds to this day. In this role, Judge Pryor  oversees a wide range of judicial proceedings in both civil and  criminal matters.   She was unanimously rated ``qualified'' by the American Bar  Association, and she has received blue slips from Senators Young and  Braun, her two Republican home State Senators. She also received a  bipartisan vote in the Senate Judiciary Committee.   Judge Pryor has significant Federal experience and a proven track  record of neutral decision making on the bench. I strongly support her  nomination, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from Colorado (Mr. Hickenlooper), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Leahy), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. Murphy), and the Senator from  Georgia (Mr. Warnock) are necessarily absent.   