 Madam President, I am here today to discuss worrying  developments in Mexico--one of the United States most important  international partners and our neighbor to the south.   The nearly 2,000-mile border that our nations share, both binds us  together and presents a series of challenges, including illegal  immigration, drug control, and human trafficking.   But as we work through these difficult issues, our robust economic  relationship has provided a firm foundation to strengthen and stabilize  our efforts with an eye toward the future.   The innovative U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement--or USMCA, as it is  called--has deepened the connections between our two economies, such  that Mexico is now one of our largest and most strategic trading  partners.   However, actions over the past year by the government of Mexican  President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, better known as AMLO, have  weakened that bond and are threatening the economic and diplomatic ties  of our two nations.  [[Page S2482]]    Through increasingly arbitrary and aggressive moves against companies  based here in the United States and their lawfully owned assets in  Mexico, the Mexican Government has abused its permitting and regulatory  powers in ways that violate the letter and the spirit of our trade  agreements and the special relationship that exists between our two  countries. These decisions directly impact critical sectors of the U.S.  economy, from agriculture to energy and mining, from transportation to  tourism.   These capricious actions, which are falsely labeled as ``reforms,''  risk substantially undermining confidence in the commercial rule of law  in Mexico, and these actions also risk jeopardizing the essential  economic relations in North America.   Further, these actions likely violate our trade agreements by  abrogating contracts, stripping investors of value, and eliminating  private competition and oversight, thereby sending a clear message to  U.S. capital markets that Mexico is no longer safe nor profitable for  investing.   Earlier this month, AMLO even threatened to jail political opponents  and investors who stand in his way, desperately attempting to impose a  state-centered, anti-free-market agenda. If not quickly corrected,  these actions risk choking off the economic relationship between our  two nations.   Many important supply chains stretch across the U.S.-Mexico border,  supporting millions of good jobs and making both countries more  attractive for capital investment. This is certainly true for my home  State of Tennessee. Because of that success, I have advocated for  further expanding the integrated North American supply chain for  critical industries as a better and more stable alternative to  manufacturing and exporting from communist China.   Utilizing the successes of the USMCA as the backbone for a renewed  vision of North American competitiveness would benefit both American  and Mexican prosperity, as well as both of our nations' national  security. It would also better align the economic strategies and  national interests of our two countries.   But without a basic respect for private property and the rule of law,  that mutually beneficial progress will not happen. In fact, failing to  protect private property and the rule of law will inevitably lead to  the disintegration of economic ties.   Therefore, I urge President Lopez Obrador to reverse course before  more damage is done. Instead, we should be looking for opportunities to  work together to attract investment and unlock economic opportunity  that is presented by the global rebalancing of supply chains away from  communist China. Let's seize the opportunity together rather than  damage our shared interests for short-term political gains.   I yield the floor.   