 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since the real President, President Biden,  was elected to office, the southern border--my State shares a 1,200- mile common border with Mexico--has been absolutely overwhelmed by the  number of migrants entering the United States.   The United States is the most generous country in the world when it  comes to legal immigration. We naturalize almost a million people a  year, which is, I think, part of the secret to our economic success. We  see the best and the brightest from all around the world who want to  come to America, who want to enjoy the kind of prosperity that  Americans enjoy and the freedom and opportunity to pursue their dreams.  Legal immigration, I think, has been part of the secret sauce that has  helped to make our country great, and we need to protect that.   Illegal immigration is a disaster. What is happening now on the  border and what has happened in the last 2 years under the Biden  administration has been nothing short of a humanitarian and public  safety crisis.   It is a little bit of a disappointment--it is more than a little bit  of a disappointment--when President Biden campaigned on the promise of  policies that were sure to lead to this exact situation. On the one  hand, he said: I want to be a uniter. I want to work together to solve  our Nation's problems.   But then to see him completely abdicate the Federal Government's  responsibility to control uncontrolled migration across the border is  inexcusable. Once President Biden took office, his administration  continued to send a clear message to the cartels, to the human  smugglers, and to the migrants that our border was open. Oh, and don't  forget the drug cartels, who depend on an open border to sell their  poison all across our country, taking the lives, last year, of 108,000  Americans alone.   Some people have said: Well, apparently, every State is now a border  State.   I think that is true, particularly when you see the epidemic of  fentanyl being so pervasive in all of our communities. We are losing  students in our high schools on a regular basis who think they are  taking something like, let's say, Xanax or Percocet or something else,  but it is laced with fentanyl, and it kills them because only a very  small piece of fentanyl can take your life. It is that powerful.   Unfortunately, the administration is now trying to play catchup to  its failures and abdication to provide security across our southern  border. In the last fiscal year, for the first time on record, annual  border encounters reached nearly 2.4 million. When I say border  encounters, that does not count the so-called getaways, which is what  the Border Patrol calls them--the hundreds and thousands of people who  don't turn themselves in and claim asylum. These are people who want to  evade law enforcement. They are very likely involved in either criminal  activity or have a criminal record themselves or, perhaps, they are  just smuggling drugs into the United States. Those are the getaways. So  the 2.4 million is a low number for the number of people to have come  across the border in the last 2 years, and there is no indication that  things are slowing down.   I know Vice President Harris--named the border czar for President  Biden's administration--when she talks about immigration, she says:  Well, we need to get back to the root causes.   She talks to the President of Guatemala or Honduras or El Salvador  and says, well, we need to make life better for people there so they  don't come here, which is totally ignoring the scope and the gravity of  the human smuggling networks that operate internationally.   I mentioned this morning, in the Judiciary Committee, where the  Presiding Officer was, too, that the Border Patrol regularly encounters  people from as many as 150 different countries. So the fact is the  criminal organizations that make money on human smuggling will smuggle  you from anywhere in the world, including from countries of particular  concern to us when it comes to terrorism, for a price. So, where coming  from Central America or Mexico may cost you $5,000 or $10,000, if you  are coming from Pakistan, Iraq, or Iran, it may cost you $15,000, and  it goes on and on and on and on.    So Vice President Harris, apparently, doesn't understand what we are  up against when she talks about root causes. People want to come here,  and they will pay to come here and to evade a lawful system of  controlled legal immigration, which, as I said, has been a good thing  for our country, in favor of transnational criminal organizations  getting richer by the day by  [[Page S6756]]  smuggling people from all around the world, along with the drugs that I  mentioned earlier that took the lives of 108,000 Americans last year  alone.   In fiscal year 2018, we saw an average of 43,000 migrants at the  border every month. That was in 2018, 4 years ago, 43,000. In fiscal  year 2022--fast-forward 4 years--the monthly total has skyrocketed from  43,000 to 198,000 a month. We are seeing 4\1/2\ times more people  coming every single month, and, not surprisingly, the Border Patrol  can't keep up.   This is part of the strategy of these transnational criminal  organizations. They will send children unaccompanied to the border,  knowing that the Border Patrol--as they should--is going to try to take  care of these children as they process them through the asylum system.  What that means is that they are not on the border when they are back,  filling out paperwork or changing diapers, and that is when the drug  cartels come through.   It is like a four-lane highway into the United States, and it doesn't  stop in Texas. It goes to New Jersey. It goes to Illinois. It goes all  across our country, not to mention that the Border Patrol doesn't have  the space to house this many people. So they simply let them go, in  many instances, with a notice to appear for a future court hearing if  somebody invokes asylum laws. But they don't have the personnel to  control this humanitarian crisis, this flood of humanity, coming across  the border.   As I said, the people coming across are a hodgepodge. Some are  economic migrants. We can understand people fleeing poverty or  violence--we are human beings too. We understand--but it also creates  an opportunity for criminals and drug smuggling and other nefarious  actors to come across because we don't know who is coming across.  Because there are so many of them, they have overwhelmed our capacity  to monitor, and hundreds of thousands of them, simply, are the  gotaways.   We don't have enough people to do the job of patrolling the  frontlines and arresting the people who need to be arrested and  interdicting the drugs that need to be interdicted. I know Chairman  Durbin, our friend and colleague from Illinois, mentioned this morning  in the Judiciary Committee hearing the fact that Customs and Border  Protection has interdicted tons of drugs. That is a good thing, but  nobody is under any illusion that they have gotten anywhere near all,  much less the majority, of the drugs that have come across the border.  They haven't. So this is, unfortunately, another manifestation of the  broken policies of the Biden administration and the Biden border  crisis.   We don't have enough immigration courts to keep up with the backlog  as people are released by the millions into the United States and told  to appear for a court hearing. The last figures I saw showed that about  half of the people didn't show up for their court hearings, but there  has been no effort made to follow up by Immigration and Customs  Enforcement to repatriate those people who don't comply with their  notice to appear.   Honestly, there are millions of cases in the backlog, and the cartels  know that, too, and this is another way for them to game the system,  and this is another incentive for people to come. You know, the Border  Patrol talks about the push factors--violence, poverty, things that  cause people to want to leave their homes to go somewhere else--but  they also talk about the pull factors, which is the perception that the  border is open, and there is no impediment to people coming here  outside of our legal immigration system. That is another reason the  numbers are so huge--because there is simply no deterrence.   As I said, this isn't just a problem in Texas and other border  States. My border communities don't have the resources to help each and  every migrant who arrives penniless, malnourished, and, maybe, without  any place to really go. The truth is the entire system is buckling  under the weight of this border crisis, but if you think things are bad  now, they are about to get worse.   Earlier this week, a D.C. district court judge vacated the Centers  for Disease Control title 42 order. You will remember, title 42 is a  public safety order which empowered the Border Patrol to turn back  people coming across the border into the United States because  infectious diseases can spread when people who haven't been vaccinated,  who aren't tested, are released into the interior of the United States.  So this is a public health order that enabled the Border Patrol at  least to use that tool to try to modulate the flow of humanity coming  across the border, but a district judge here has vacated title 42 now.   The judge has granted a 5-week stay, giving the Department of  Homeland Security until midnight on December 21 to come up with a new  plan. But this isn't a time to start scrambling and come up with a  plan; it should have been happening years ago.   I still remember meeting with the Border Patrol leadership and  Customs and Border Protection. They said when title 42 goes away, if we  are denied that tool to be able to control the flow of illegal  immigration, we will lose control. There will be no disincentive for  people not to come across the border into the United States illegally.   Title 42 has been one of the few remaining tools that have been used  to prevent even greater chaos than what I have described, and now, with  it potentially likely going away, even that tool will be lost. But, of  course, the administration has jettisoned almost every policy we had in  place to secure the border and discourage migrants from undertaking the  dangerous journey to our southern border.   Title 42 has given the Department of Homeland Security the ability to  quickly expel some migrants--usually adult males--and to prevent our  border facilities and local communities from becoming even more  overwhelmed than they already are. Once this authority goes out the  window--and that appears to be imminent--the situation is going to get  much, much worse.   Of the more than 230,000 encounters at the southern border last  month, more than 78,000 were removed under title 42--230,000  encounters; 78,000 removed using title 42. But if title 42 goes away,  that is 78,000 more people each month who are likely, then, to make  their way into the United States.   Title 42 also provided some means to control the need to process,  house, and feed migrants coming across the border, but now, with all of  the restraints of title 42 off, it is going to get much, much worse,  and the consequences will be dire indeed.   As I said, the Biden border crisis is entirely predictable, and it is  a result of the Biden administration dismantling what few tools that  were available to Border Patrol and to the U.S. Government to control  unrestricted access to the United States.   It seems to me that the only consistent policy of the Biden  administration has been that whatever the previous administration did,  whether it is build infrastructure, provide more technology, more boots  on the ground, whatever the policy of the previous administration was,  we are going to do the opposite--not because it makes sense; just  because the previous administration did it, they are going to undo it.   Of course, those people who do claim asylum are met with a 2 million- case backlog. On average, it takes about 2 years for the case to be  adjudicated. But migrants know this. They plan on this. This is part of  the sales pitch of the human smugglers. They say: Just go to the border  and claim asylum, and then you will be put in a queue of 2 million  people, and you have to wait for your case to be called.   Of course, more than half of the people don't show up. That is part  of the plan. And those who do show up, we know that 90 percent of those  cases failed to meet the legal standard for asylum. In the meantime,  those migrants, if they had had their case adjudicated, would have  found they had no legal basis to the stay in the United States. They  are able to live and work here for years in the meantime.   I mentioned the notice that many migrants are given to appear for a  court date, but because of the volume of people coming across, at one  point, the Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection didn't even  issue those notices to appear for a date certain for a court setting,  and they gave migrants a notice to report. These are people who have  evaded the legal process to make their way into the United States, and  we give them a slip of  [[Page S6757]]  paper that says: Oh, when you get to where you are going--whether it is  Chicago or New York or Washington, DC--go turn yourself in to  Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE.   I just don't know how stupid the Biden administration thinks the  American people are because the American people are not stupid. They  understand that this notice to report is another means for people to  make their way illegally into the United States and to stay here, and  it is an incentive for more and more people to come.   Law enforcement is not just enforcing the law; it is actually sending  a message of deterrence: Don't do that. We have lost all message of  deterrence because migrants who make their way into the United States,  they call back home, and they say: I made it. They watch TV. They see  the migrants flowing across the border unrestricted. They say: Well, I  guess if they can do it, I can do it too.   Given the massive influx of people coming across the border every  day, the Border Patrol's facilities are completely underwater. Rather  than stand up new facilities or hire more personnel to make the  expedited removal process function properly, the Biden administration  has just continued to release more and more people into the interior of  the country. In many cases, these people are released without any real  information about who they are, where they are going, and what they are  going to do when they get there.   Senator Lankford and I have asked the Government Accountability  Office to evaluate the impact of these practices, and the results are  pretty shocking. The GAO reported that some of the migrants had their  appointment with ICE scheduled for August 2024, nearly 2 years from  now. That was just the appointment to receive the notice to appear,  which begins--begins--the proceedings in immigration court. Tack on the  average of a 2-year process for a single case to be adjudicated by an  immigration judge, and you are looking at a 4-year-plus waiting period.    If the administration doesn't come up with a plan to fix these  problems before title 42 is lifted, we will be looking at a pull factor  to end all pull factors. Here is why.   Earlier this year, Secretary Mayorkas said that Customs and Border  Protection detention facilities could hold approximately 18,000 people.  Now, that sounds like a big number, but those beds fill up quickly.  Once title 42 goes away, every single person who crosses the border  will have to be processed by the Border Patrol.   The administration previously said we could see as many as 18,000  migrants every day if title 42 was lifted. That is a day, so all 18,000  of those beds could fill up as a result of a single day's migration.  Then the question comes, what do we do with the rest when the only  detention facilities we have are full?   When these facilities are filled to capacity, agents are left with no  other choice. The migrants are released, which is, again, part of the  business model of the human smugglers and transnational criminal  organizations that operate these illegal smuggling networks. They  realize that they have overwhelmed the capacity of the Border Patrol  and U.S. policy to keep people who should not come into the country  out. They may be given a notice to appear, but that is a document that  tells asylum seekers when and where to present their claims in court,  or they may be paroled into the country and enrolled in the so-called  alternatives to detention program. Years are likely to pass before that  long-awaited court date arrives. When it does, maybe the person will  show up; maybe they won't. But either way, one thing is certain: When  word gets out, as it always does, that migrants are being released from  custody, more illegal immigration will follow.   This creates a huge public safety risk, not because of the migrants  themselves but because of the chaos that mass migration creates. When  thousands of people are crossing the border every day, it completely  overwhelms the Border Patrol, as I said. If agents are caring for  unaccompanied children, they can't patrol the frontlines. If they are  knee deep in paperwork, they can't stop dangerous criminals, people  with criminal records, from slipping across the border.   The chaos at our southern border provides an excellent disguise for  dangerous individuals. Gangs, cartels, criminal organizations are  paying close attention to the state of our border. They see the gaps,  and they know how to exploit them. Every day, cartel and gang members  attempt to sneak across the border. The dedicated men and women of the  Border Patrol arrest a number of them. Last fiscal year, agents  apprehended more than 750 gang members, but, as we know, law  enforcement is overwhelmed, and that means countless others have been  undetected and slip through the cracks.   No one is suggesting that title 42 is a permanent solution or a  partial solution to our border security problems--far from it--but the  administration should have been planning years ago for the day that  title 42 would be lifted because once title 42 is lifted, unless other  policies are put in place for expedited removal of people who cannot  legally enter the country, for example, we are going to lose control of  the border entirely.   But the administration has shown zero interest in working with  Congress to craft real change. That needs to change. Before title 42  goes away, the administration must implement a serious plan quickly and  efficiently--and, yes, fairly--to enforce our immigration laws at the  border and deter further illegal immigration. They need to ensure the  Border Patrol facilities are equipped with the resources and the  personnel needed to manage the massive influx of migrants.   But the fact of the matter is, those overwhelmed Border Patrol  agents, those overwhelmed facilities, those overwhelmed border  communities need policies that can only be passed by Congress and  signed into law by the President of the United States, but so far, our  Democratic colleagues have shown zero interest, turned a blind eye,  really, to any of these concerns about an unrestricted flow of humanity  across our border--again, of course, with the drugs that the cartels  sell here in the United States. But the administration needs to change  their approach.   I saw the forced resignation of the head of Customs and Border  Protection--the former police chief, I believe, in Arizona--but this is  just scapegoating. They are firing him, hoping people won't realize  that what is really failing is not the officials heading up these  government Agencies; it is the administration; it is the policies of  the Biden administration itself and the failure of our Democratic  colleagues to work with us to try to come up with solutions.   And I am not just here complaining. I am here offering constructive  proposals. More than a year ago, Senator Sinema, who happens to  represent a border State of Arizona, a Democrat; Henry Cuellar from  Laredo, TX, a Texas Democrat; and Tony Gonzales, a Republican  Congressman, we came up with the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act,  something that would not solve all the problems but would be a modest  first step in the right direction.   But what we are told by our Democratic colleagues is they are not  interested in that or, at least, they are not interested in any  solutions until and unless you provide a pathway to citizenship for  millions of people here in the country without proper documentation, in  other words, illegal migrants, people who have broken our laws. They  want a mass amnesty.   And they still don't want to change the policies that are creating  this influx of humanity across the border. Our Democratic colleagues  have had the White House. They have had majorities in the House and the  Senate. They have Democratic colleagues who are chairing the committees  in the House and the Senate who could actually mark up and pass  legislation to deal with this crisis. And maybe you can't do it all in  one piece of legislation. Maybe you can just do it one step at a time.  But they have done none of that--zero, zip, nada.   And the only conclusion you can reach in the face of this failure to  respond to this acknowledged crisis is that they don't care. Well, I  can guarantee you, the American people care. The parents who lose  children as a result of fentanyl overdoses because of the unrestricted  flow of illegal drugs across the border, they care.   Our major cities and rural areas of the country that have experienced  a spike in the prevalence of drug distribution and violent crime, they  care,  [[Page S6758]]  because the distribution network for the drugs that come across the  border is all across the United States, mainly operated by criminal  gangs who are responsible for a lot of other criminal conduct and a lot  of the gun violence and deaths you see every weekend, for example, in  cities like Chicago. Those are criminal gangs fueled by the broken  border and the Biden border crisis.   Something has got to change, Mr. President. I don't know what it is.  I don't know what it is going to take for the Democratic leadership at  the White House or the Senate or the House to say: Enough is enough.   Ultimately, I know that power lies with the American people. They can  change, or they can change their elected representatives in the next  election. So something is going to give. The status quo is not  sustainable. The country, the border, is on fire. People are dying, and  we are straining the whole legal system that is designed to expedite  the entry of people through a legal process and turning the reins over  to the transnational criminal organizations and international drug  networks that profit hugely by the failure of Congress and the failure  of the White House to act.   I yield the floor.   