 Mr. President, I would like to the say a few words about my  colleague and friend and my battle buddy, Senator Jim Inhofe.   It has been a great honor to serve beside Jim. I am grateful--we are  all grateful--for the legacy of his service he leaves in this Chamber.   For three decades, Senator Inhofe has served on the Armed Services  Committees, from his time as a Member of the House of Representatives  to his role in the Senate.   For more than 20 years, I have had the privilege to serve with him on  the Senate Armed Services Committee--in turn, each of us serving as  chairman and ranking member. Together, we have produced nearly two  dozen National Defense Authorization Acts, traveled to combat zones and  military posts around the world, and worked to support our men and  women in uniform. No one could have had a better partner in those  endeavors.   We both served in the Army earlier in our lives, and I know Jim  carried out his deep sense of responsibility to our troops in the  Senate each day. He never forgot that what we do here ultimately is  executed by young men and women in the uniform of the United States. He  never broke faith with those young men and women who wear that uniform,  and the American military is stronger and the United States is safer  because of Jim Inhofe.   I am especially proud that the Armed Services Committee voted to name  this year's Defense bill the ``James M. Inhofe National Defense  Authorization Act.'' It is a fitting tribute and honor.   Jim is an extraordinary leader whose legislative skills and boundless  capacity for hard work are unmatched, and he is a firm and fierce  advocate for the people of Oklahoma. He has made sure that they benefit  from his hard work and his great efforts, and he has done it with  unswerving honesty and integrity.   Senator Inhofe, thank you for your leadership and dedication to the  committee and the Senate and particularly the men and women of the  Armed Forces. You have been a wonderful partner and colleague, and I  believe I speak for the committee and the entire Senate when I say we  will miss you dearly. Your steady, unselfish leadership will continue  to help guide our Nation in the years ahead, and I wish you and Kay and  the family much happiness as you plan for a well-deserved retirement.   May we all strive for the wisdom, courage, and humility that Senator  Jim Inhofe imparted upon this great Nation and this distinguished  Senate.   I yield the floor.   