 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor to give you an  example of some of the hypocrisy that goes on in this town.   On February 11, last week, Special Counsel Durham made another filing  with respect to the case against Clinton campaign lawyer Michael  Sussmann.   I have spoken to my colleagues before to discuss Special Counsel  Durham's findings in this matter. Today, I want to highlight new  evidence that has come with this filing.   Special Counsel Durham's filing said that at trial, his team will  establish that a firm tied to the Clinton campaign misused internet  traffic pertaining to four entities: a healthcare provider, Trump  Tower, a Donald Trump apartment building in New York, and the Executive  Office of the President of the United States.   The Clinton campaign essentially spied on the Trump campaign. After  Trump was elected, the Clinton campaign's work continued.   Now, how did they do it?   According to Special Counsel Durham, the Clinton campaign worked with  cyber researchers to infiltrate private and government servers  connected to Donald Trump. Their main conduit was Tech Executive-1.   In July 2016, according to Special Counsel Durham, ``Tech Executive-1  also enlisted the assistance of researchers at a U.S.-based university  who were receiving and analyzing large amounts of Internet data in  connection with a pending federal government cybersecurity research  contract.''   In addition, Tech Executive-1 had access to dedicated servers for the  Executive Office of the President as part of a ``sensitive  arrangement.'' This individual ``exploited this arrangement . . . for  the purpose of gathering derogatory information about Donald Trump.''   According to Special Counsel Durham, the Clinton campaign through  Tech Executive-1 abused ``non-public and/or proprietary Internet  data.''   One question that needs to be answered is whether any of this  exploited information and data included classified information.   The available facts show that the Clinton campaign abused Federal  Government contracts to exploit government information to use against  Trump. If the Republicans did the same thing, we all know you wouldn't  hear the end of it. The Democrats and media would want another  impeachment of Trump.   All of these outrageous acts were done to create fake connections  between Trump and Russia. That included the fake Alfa Bank narrative.  That narrative centered on allegations that Trump had a secret  communications channel with the Russian bank. It was all fabricated by  the Clinton campaign. There was nothing to it.   And let's not forget that Jake Sullivan spread the fake Alfa Bank  narrative, and he spread it far and wide. Sullivan is now President  Biden's National Security Advisor. He needs to answer for his role in  this entire fiasco.   Even the Obama administration's servers communicated with the same  Russian servers that were apparently the basis of the false Russia  connections. Now, just think how ridiculous this rollout was. With this  so-called evidence against Trump in hand, on February 9, 2017, Sussmann  provided updated allegations to an unnamed U.S. Government Agency. Of  course, he left out the Obama administration connections.   Some of those allegations included that Trump and his associates used  rare, Russian-made wireless phones near the White House. Durham said  that there was no evidence of that.   But some evidence is very, very clear. During the election, the  Clinton campaign spied on the Trump campaign. After Clinton lost, the  Clinton campaign spied on the Trump administration. And they did it by  abusing Federal Government contracts; and they did it by abusing their  access to government information.   Trump has repeatedly said that the Clinton campaign spied on his  campaign. The mainstream media either ignored him or called him a liar.   Based upon Special Counsel Durham's filings, Trump, it turns out, was  right.   The Clinton campaign, mainstream media, and the Democratic Party did  whatever they could do to destroy Trump, no matter the cost to the  truth or the cost to the country.   The House Democrats, with the backing of corporate media, set up the  January 6 Commission to investigate what they termed the Big Lie.   Where are those on the January 6 Commission when it comes to  investigating the Big Lie where the Clinton Campaign worked with the  sitting Obama administration and taxpayers' money in trying to destroy  their political opponent?   That is just as dangerous to our democracy.   As I conclude my remarks, lets come to grips with this absolute fact:  The Clinton campaign's conspiracy of dirty tricks set in motion a chain  of events that have ripped this country apart for years.   So much for a peaceful transition to power.   Now, what is disturbing to me about the hypocrisy in this town is  that we have the First Amendment, freedom of press, where I see  journalists as keeping government honest, and I don't see the people  that knew that they were wrong about this issue for 4 or 5 years  willing to admit that now they haven't done their job properly.   And a lot of things that made government dishonest--and I just told  you how this was done--don't seem to be worried about policing the  political system the way they should.   I haven't seen anybody apologize.   I did see a rerun of something that happened October 2020 within the  last couple of days, an interview between one of these journalists and  President Trump where President Trump was trying to tell people that  this stuff was going on, and they said, No, there is no proof of it.  There is no proof of it.   Are they saying today there is no proof of that?   I think we all know that Trump wasn't in government. Maybe he even  lacked some understanding of how the political system works, but he  came to town to challenge the elite that are inside the beltway and  change things.  [[Page S692]]  And somebody knew that he was up to that, and they wanted to stop him  from doing it; so they spied on the campaign so he wouldn't be elected.  And once he was elected, they spied on the Executive Office to see what  they could do.   I remember a story that a friend of mine told me about talking to  some Democratic Senator in February of 2017, who told that friend of  mine that Trump would not be President by the end of that year of 2017.  Now, whether that Senator knew what he was talking about, I don't know;  but I reflect back on that conversation I had with that friend, and I  wondered if they really thought that by doing what we know now they  were doing, that they were going to be able to get him out of office  before the end of 2017. So I give you a little example of what I call  hypocrisy in this city.   I yield the floor.   