 Mr. Speaker, I am honored by your yielding and the work  that you are doing in this area.   We are in the midst of perhaps the widest array of crises this  country has ever seen.   A global pandemic, inflation, and an unstable world stage that could  erupt at any moment.   Yet, COVID-19 and these uncertainties aren't the only things slowly  infecting every corner of this country.   Fentanyl. Fentanyl. That word.   It takes just two milligrams of this substance, which is 100 times  more potent than morphine, to kill a full-grown adult.   In fact, Border Patrol has already seized more than 2,700 pounds at  the southern border this year, 2,700 pounds, enough to kill every  single American twice over.   The massive inflow of this deadly substance is a direct result of our  weakening southern border and policies designed to entice illegal  immigrants to flow into our Nation.   Often sourced directly from China, our open-border policies have  allowed the worst of humanity to sneak this drug into every community,  small and large, rural, urban, or suburban across our great America.   It has become so bad, in fact, that fentanyl is now the leading cause  of  [[Page H1064]]  death, as you have heard over and over again because it is so  unbelievable, of all Americans between the ages of 18 and 45. Imagine  that. It is incomprehensible.   Exacerbated by the stress of mandates and lockdowns, fentanyl-related  overdoses across the board increased by more than 55 percent.   I have seen it personally in my home district and across the great  State of New Jersey, where thousands of families last year lost a loved  one to a fentanyl overdose. It has to end. It has to stop.   We must secure our southern border. We must provide the resources to  get this drug off our streets, and we must permanently make fentanyl a  schedule I drug.   It is time to finish the wall, stop the relocating of illegal  migrants across the country, and we must empower our law enforcement at  the border to uphold the rule of law.   If not, we will lose our America that we love.   