 Mr. President, the Biden administration's bad  decisions have brought many crises upon our country. One of the worst  is the collapse of law and order on our southern border.   Last month, Customs and Border Protection reported over 221,000  apprehensions. That is up 33 percent just since February. It is the  highest monthly total in 22 years. We have already hit more than 1  million encounters in just the first half of this fiscal year. But,  alas, this could still be just the beginning. The Department of  Homeland Security is bracing for an even bigger surge in the weeks and  months to come. Authorities are steeling for the possibility that we  could see 18,000 new people showing up every single day.   In 2020, President-elect Biden said that ``end[ing] up with two  million people on our border'' would be ``the last thing we need,'' but  his own policies went on to produce exactly that outcome.   In 2021, on President Biden's watch, 2 million people from at least-- listen to this--160 different countries were stopped along our southern  border, and now immigration officials are anticipating totals that  could more than triple--triple--last year's record.   Against this backdrop, with illegal immigrants and deadly fentanyl  pouring into our country, any administration living in reality would be  working overtime to actually secure the border. Instead, even now,  President Biden is trying to throw away what little security still  exists.   For 2 years, since the start of the pandemic, a legal authority  called title 42 has empowered the government to simply turn around a  large share of the people they catch and send them right back where  they came from. Every  [[Page S2137]]  month, CBP uses this tool to keep tens of thousands of illegal  immigrants out of the catch-and-release pipeline and send them back to  their home countries, but now, unbelievably, President Biden has  announced he is going to cancel these legal authorities. He wants to  rip off the one remaining bandaid that has preserved at least some  shred of law and order.   The Biden administration is claiming the pandemic is over and  finished on our southern border. Now, they don't believe the pandemic  is over, however, for American citizens--oh, no. Democrats actually  want Congress to approve more funding specifically because COVID is not  finished. The Biden administration's official position is that the  pandemic is over for illegal immigrants but not for the American  people.   Every day brings more confusing spin from President Biden and his  staff. Their latest claim is that Congress needs to fix their problem  for them--that if these title 42 authorities end after President Biden  has announced he will end them, it will somehow be Congress's fault.  That is absurd. The administration has the discretion. The legislative  branch has already given them the tool. It is the same tool they have  been using this whole time. They just need to have the courage to tell  the radical left to take a hike and keep sending these folks back to  their home countries. Apparently, that is asking too much.   The Biden administration is stumbling through this core governing  responsibility with no vision, no plan, and backward priorities.  Democrats would rather appease their radical base with functional open  borders than conduct the bare minimum--bare minimum--in enforcement.   The administration's decision is so obviously crazy that even a  number of our Senate Democratic colleagues who have been marching in  lockstep with the President for more than a year are now scrambling to  make it look like they are breaking ranks.   Well, I welcome our colleagues who are finally making angry noises  about this border crisis. The problem is that their lockstep,  Democratic votes for over a year have helped, actually, to produce it.  For over a year, Senate Democrats have rubberstamped every single  aspect of the Biden administration's failed border policy. Not a single  Senate Democrat opposed the confirmations of the heads of DHS and HHS,  who have presided over this crisis. Not a single Senate Democrat voted  for commonsense Republican amendments to do things like preserve the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy and defund sanctuary cities, and the cost  of their bad decisions gets worse every day.   Last week, a heroic American servicemember paid the ultimate price.  Specialist Bishop E. Evans of the Texas National Guard had been  assigned to help contend with the flow of immigrants across the Rio  Grande. He lost his own life in trying to save people who had gotten  into deadly trouble. And the White House's response? Their spokeswoman  was asked yesterday about this tragic loss. She brushed it off. She  said he was there on behalf of Texas, not the Federal Government. That  unbelievably tone-deaf response perfectly captures the administration's  failure to take responsibility.   Democrats have built this border crisis by letting the radical left  run the show for more than a year. If my friends across the aisle  really have experienced a conversion of heart and now believe in border  security, they will have to do a lot more than issue indignant press  releases and call it a day.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   