 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me  first say that I rise, in the first instance, before having heard the  Senator's remarks, to say that I have serious concerns about the junior  Senator from Florida's lack of respect for the regular order of the  Senate.   On July 11, 2021, the Cuban people took to the streets in  unprecedented protests, demanding democracy and the end of decades of  dictatorship. Subsequently, the Senate came together in unanimous  consent to pass my S. Res. 310. My bipartisan legislation expressed our  unwavering solidarity with the Cuban people and called for the release  of all political prisoners detained unjustly by the Diaz-Canel regime.   My legislation was the result of bipartisan negotiations, and it was  approved unanimously by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. That is  what regular order looks like, and it is a process that strengthens the  impact of our work on foreign policy when we can speak together in one  voice to promote that foreign policy, whether it is to the Cuban regime  or whether it is in any other place in the world.   Now, I need to make the point that the junior Senator from Florida  routinely disregards this process. In this particular case, not only  has this resolution not been marked up by the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, not only is it not bipartisan--as far as I know, nobody has  been offered even the  [[Page S184]]  opportunity to join it--but it hasn't even been introduced so that the  Parliamentarian would decide where it would be sent to committee for  referral for consideration. It hasn't even been introduced. It has not  received the review it deserves. In fact, it has not received any  formal review.   As I have repeatedly said as the chairman of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, I stand ready to work with any Member--and have  done so--on initiatives that advance the national security interests of  the United States and the defense of democracy and human rights. While  there may be some urgent moments that require us to move legislation  directly to the floor, regular order exists for a reason--to facilitate  consensus and ensure that the legislation we consider on the floor  reflects the input and expertise of Senators who sit on the relevant  committees of jurisdiction.    Now, I have spent the last several days listening to my Republican  colleagues talk about the fullness of legislative debate, of not  preempting legislative debate, of not preempting prolonged legislative  debate in the context of the filibuster. Here is a piece of legislation  that hasn't even been introduced, but it is being brought directly to  the floor. How does that promote legislative debate? It doesn't. It  doesn't.   I happen to agree with the Senator about his focus here as it relates  to those who are struggling inside of Cuba to create freedom, but I  want to send a clarion message that I will not simply allow legislation  that is in the purview of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to  come directly to the floor without even an introduction, without  review, without any debate, and then believe that one will just allow  it to go through on unanimous consent. That is not how the Senate  works.   I would urge the junior Senator from Florida to consider this for  future legislative endeavors, especially as we are also concerned about  the filibuster and extended debate. Well, this is the worst example of  not having extended debate.   Lastly, I deeply disagree with the Senator's characterization--I  wasn't even going to reference it--in having listened to his remarks,  about the Biden administration. The Biden administration sanctioned  individuals in Cuba, high-ranking individuals of the Cuban military,  who have never been sanctioned before. The Biden administration led a  multilateral effort for the condemnation of what happened in Cuba as a  result of the citizens of Cuba seeking to simply redress their  grievances against the dictatorship that exists there, and brought in  countries that have never ever expressed themselves in such a way  before. The Biden administration worked with the Secretary General of  the OAS to take the strong position that the Senator referred to.   So I hate to say it, but this almost comes across as a naked,  political, partisan effort to try to promote some perspective when, in  fact, we should be embracing this together through regular order, in a  bipartisan process, which the Cuban people, particularly those  suffering inside of Cuba, deserve. However, because of this particular  moment and at this particular time and having given the Senator good  notice about other future endeavors--this is not the first time--I will  not object.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I  report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in  the Record on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save  the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these  nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of  Senators.   