 Madam President, I thank the senior Senator from  Minnesota for her remarks and for what brings us to the floor today.   This is the first time in American history that a fundamental  constitutional right has been stripped away from the American people-- and especially American women--by the Supreme Court of the United  States.   In Dobbs, the U.S. Supreme Court demolished 50 years of precedent-- half a century of Democratic- and Republican-appointed Justices  upholding a constitutional right to privacy that has now been  obliterated by the U.S. Supreme Court, a fundamental right that has  been upheld over and over again by Justices appointed, as I said, by  Presidents of both sides of the aisle.   Madam President, if you had said to me when I was in law school in  the early nineties that this day would ever come, that the U.S. Supreme  Court, using a radical--a radical--method of constitutional  interpretation called originalism that was invented basically when I  was in law school--if you had told me that there would be a President  of the United States who would appoint a majority of the Supreme Court  with that radical interpretation, I would never have believed it. I  would never have believed it. And that is what happened because of the  Justices Donald Trump put on the Supreme Court.    I want people to hear me who are Republicans in this country and this  Chamber. Look it up. I know it is called originalism, but it started in  the 1980s and started in the 1990s. It is not the way our Constitution  has been interpreted all these years.   This is radical. It is not conservative. In no sense is this a  conservative decision. And it has happened, and now  [[Page S3291]]  Americans no longer have a constitutional right to privacy to make  their own health and reproductive choices.   I can tell you, I read every one of these opinions. In Justice  Alito's opinion for the majority, he never even had the courage to  grapple with the nature of this fundamental right, what stripping it  away would mean for millions of Americans and especially millions of  American women, like my three daughters. Instead, what he said was-- what he wrote was: If it wasn't a right in 1868, it is not a right  today. That was the depth of his analysis--an opinion dripping with  hostility and a cavalier attitude toward what he was stripping away  from the American people.   I know. I live in a State where there are people who hold very  sincere beliefs on both sides of this question. This is a question that  is hard for many Americans. That is why I have always believed the  right place for this decision to be made is by a woman with her doctor,  not by the State, not by a State saying that you have to carry your  pregnancy to term without any regard for the individual circumstances  that you might face. Instead, as a result of this Court's decision,  State laws to ban abortion that are literally from the 1800s are coming  back into being. Politicians are writing new State laws to force a  woman to carry a pregnancy to term, as I said, without exception. Think  about that. Even for women and children who have been raped, like that  10-year-old girl in Ohio who had to travel to Indiana for an abortion-- she is living in a State where they are talking about passing a  personhood bill.   Soldiers serving--and I have heard in my own State from women who  have served in the Armed Forces who are worried about women who are  serving in the Armed Forces today on U.S. military bases in States like  Mississippi that have banned abortion. What is supposed to happen to  them? What has happened to their right to privacy? Even if we paid for  them to travel, everybody is going to know what is going on.   Pregnant women could easily find themselves in America today in an  emergency room with life-threatening complications--it happens  literally every single day, every day--with doctors unable to help  because somebody has to go and consult a lawyer. Doctors are afraid to  prescribe medications for their patients or even have a conversation  about their reproductive health for fear of prosecution.   All over the country, there are elected leaders--so-called leaders-- politicians who are putting themselves between a woman and her right to  choose.   Nothing I am saying here is fantastic. Everything I am saying here is  being talked about, contemplated, legislated in America today all  across this country as a result of what the Supreme Court has done.   A woman with cancer could learn she is pregnant--it happens every  day, every day--and learn she can't get the treatment she needs for her  cancer.   This is literally crazy--it is literally crazy--but, as you have  heard on the floor today, this isn't even crazy enough for some of  these elected politicians around the country. Now they are threatening  to use the law to prevent women, American citizens, from exercising  their right to travel across State lines to access reproductive  healthcare in the United States of America. It wasn't enough to strip  women of this fundamental right and have the State force them to bring  a pregnancy to term. That is not enough. Now they want to use the law  to prevent her from traveling from one State to another in the United  States of America.   I see the pages sitting here today who are the age of my daughter-- one of them--who is 17 years old. I can't believe this is what we are  handing over to the next generation of Americans. I can't believe it. I  cannot believe it. This is despicable, especially coming from the same  people who can never stop telling us how devoted they are to freedom  and liberty. What a lie that is. What a lie that is.   I am coming to the end. I know that my colleague from Oregon is next.  But I just want to say one last thing. I am so grateful to live in a  State like Colorado, a western purple State, where we have already  codified a woman's right to an abortion, a woman's right to choose. We  understand and we have always as a State understood that protecting a  woman's personal liberty to make these decisions is fundamental to her  freedom to participate in our society.   If people from other States need to come to Colorado to access the  care they need, Congress has the obligation to shield them from  prosecution. We need to make sure that healthcare providers, no matter  where they are--Colorado and other States--are safe from prosecution,  to say nothing of the women themselves, to say nothing of teenage girls  themselves.   I can't believe we are even having this conversation on the floor of  the U.S. Senate. I can't believe it. But that is the America we live in  now because of this Supreme Court, because of this radical ideology  they have perpetrated.   That is why I strongly, strongly support this bill from my colleague  from Nevada, Catherine Cortez Masto. On behalf of my three daughters, I  want to thank her for her invaluable leadership on this issue.   I yield the floor.   