 Madam Speaker, I rise today to strongly support Mr.  Lucas' motion to instruct conferees on the American COMPETES Act.   The House-passed version of the bill should really have been called-- as a number of my colleagues have mentioned--the American concedes act.  Democratic leadership cobbled this legislation together from mostly  partisan bills without Republican support, in stark contrast to what  our colleagues in the Senate did.   As ranking member of the Asia-Pacific Subcommittee, which has  jurisdiction over China, I am deeply disappointed by the partisan  nature and the substance, in many ways, of this House-passed bill.   Competing with China should not be a partisan issue. On every front,  the Chinese Communist Party is aggressively challenging the free world  and our belief that open societies and free markets, and, yes, rule of  law are the way to a prosperous and equitable civilization.   After decades of inaction, it is time to reevaluate our basic  approach toward engagement with China. The Democrats' bill doesn't do  that. When Republicans attempted to amend the bill to make it better,  the Democrats rejected virtually every one of those attempts.   I would like to highlight two particularly concerning omissions from  the House bill. First, we should have adopted provisions to modernize  and strengthen our relationship with Taiwan which, by the way, got  bipartisan support in the Senate.   Second, we should also have used the opportunity to advance strong  export control policies to ensure that our critical technologies do not  advance the PRC's own drive for technological supremacy.   Moving forward, as we seek to bridge the gap between the House and  Senate bills, let's have these three priorities in mind. First, the  CCP, the Chinese Communist Party, is an adversary. No amount of  cajoling or diplomacy is going to get them to drop their hegemonic  ambitions. They want to be the top dog.  [[Page H4052]]    Second, the legislation must not include irrelevant pet projects like  money for the U.N. climate slush fund.   Third, at a bare minimum, we must ensure that any new technology or  grant funding doesn't end up going to China. A bill aimed at competing  with the Chinese Communist Party that simultaneously funds their  military modernization simply makes no sense.   Mr. Lucas' motion to instruct would go a long way towards making sure  that American tax dollars don't go to fund the Chinese Communist Party.  Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.   