 Madam President, earlier this summer, my Democratic  colleagues got through on reconciliation--a strictly partisan way--a  bill that provided that the IRS would get $80 billion in mandatory  funding, which was meant to double the size of the IRS by 87,000  employees.   This additional $80 billion, which comes on top of its annual  appropriation, is over six times more than it received through annual  appropriations in 2022. Now, I expect, in the new Congress, starting  January 3 next year, there is going to be an attempt to reduce the $80  billion and not go for the 87,000 additional employees. I favor doing  just that.   However, in the meantime, the $80 billion and the 87,000 employees is  law, and so this unprecedented increase in funding demands that  Congress have a comparable increase in congressional oversight of the  IRS--exacting and unyielding oversight, to be precise. After all, we  are talking about 87,000 new employees.   To begin this oversight, Finance Committee Republicans, including  this Senator, sent a letter to the Government Accountability Office in  October in pursuit of this oversight. In that letter, we asked for  information on outstanding issues that the Government Accountability  Office has identified at the Internal Revenue Service and the status of  recommendations the IRS has failed to implement.   The Government Accountability Office responded to that letter at the  end of November, and, as you might quite expect, there are many ongoing  and persistent issues. In the November letter, the Government  Accountability Office notes that the IRS had 41 unimplemented  recommendations related to information systems control deficiencies at  the beginning of the fiscal year 2022 audit of IRS's financial  statements.   These outstanding recommendations related to information systems  control deficiencies are especially concerning given the recent  unauthorized disclosure of taxpayer information, contrary to U.S. code  section 6103, which guarantees the privacy--or is supposed to guarantee  the privacy--of your IRS information.   As you will recall, almost a year and a half ago, ProPublica, a  publication, published stories based on ``a vast trove of Internal  Revenue Service data.''   We are no closer to understanding how ProPublica obtained this  confidential taxpayer data now than we were in June of 2021. I have  sent multiple letters to the Internal Revenue Service and to the  Justice Department requesting updates on their supposed investigations  on this matter of how did ProPublica get this private information of  individual taxpayers. Yet these Agencies--the IRS and the Justice  Department--have failed to provide any information concerning how  confidential taxpayer information was disclosed or if additional  taxpayer data remains at risk.   In fact, just last week, we learned of another confirmed data breach.  The IRS inadvertently redisclosed information from tax returns filed by  tax-exempt organizations. This is after the information was already  improperly disclosed in September. The IRS clearly has a problem, then,  protecting taxpayer information, as the law requires.   Now, the 41 information system deficiencies are only a fraction of  the total open recommendations identified by the Government  Accountability Office. GAO has said that ``as of November 2022, IRS had  176 open recommendations. Fully implementing these recommendations  could significantly improve the IRS's operations.''  [[Page S7278]]    Despite IRS's shortcomings, my Democratic colleagues handed the IRS  $80 billion in additional funding without seeing its plan for the funds  or including the additional oversight. So that is why we are calling on  additional oversight. It is very important to protect this $80 billion.   Moreover, my Democratic colleagues have heavily weighted the  additional funding toward enforcement rather than updating its systems  or taxpayer services, because you can hardly call the IRS and get a  live person. If you do, you probably don't get the right answers to  your questions. So taxpayer service ought to be the No. 1 goal of this  additional $80 billion instead of enforcement.   Specifically, more than half of the additional IRS funding is  dedicated to enforcement, while less than 5 percent is for taxpayer  services. So you can see that taxpayer services isn't high on the  agenda of the IRS. The lopsided nature of the IRS funding raises  legitimate concerns of overly aggressive tax enforcement.   This is especially true given that 3.2 million tax filers are still  waiting for the IRS to process their 2022 tax returns. Countless others  are trying to voluntarily comply with the law but can't get anyone at  the IRS to answer the telephone. As a result, my office has been  flooded with calls from frustrated Iowans requesting assistance in  getting the services they need from the IRS.   This is a recipe for disaster. While serving on the 1998 IRS  Restructuring Commission, I heard firsthand from small businesses and  from individuals about the abusive tactics the IRS can use when  enforcement takes priority over taxpayer services.   Given these and other concerns, Senator Thune and I introduced the  IRS Funding Accountability Act. Our bill would place a moratorium on  IRS spending its additional funding, other than for taxpayer services,  until the IRS submits its spending plan to Congress for approval.   Congress would then have the option to reject the plan.   If Congress approves the spending plan, the IRS and the Treasury  would be subject to regular reporting requirements and incur financial  penalties for noncompliance--in other words, enhancing Congress's  constitutional responsibility of oversight to see that the money spent  is intended by Congress.   As the former chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I understand  the necessity for enforcement. Taxpayers should pay what they owe and  not a penny less or a penny more. During my time on the Finance  Committee, I have worked to provide the IRS with additional tools to  identify tax cheats and to collect tax debts that are already due and  owed. For instance, I helped create the bipartisan IRS Private Debt  Collection Program, which uses private contractors to track down and  collect taxes owed to the IRS that they have shelved as a very low  priority.   This program has collected nearly $3 billion in net revenue since  fiscal year 2019, including over 1.3 billion in the fiscal year of 2022  alone. Every year this program has operated, it has brought more  revenue into the Treasury.   Additionally, I offered improvements to the IRS whistleblower program  in 2006. This program incentivizes whistleblowers to expose tax fraud  by corporations and high-net worth individuals. Since 2007, this  program has collected over $6 billion from noncompliant taxpayers.   Both of these proven programs initially received resistance from the  IRS. However, I appreciated former Commissioner Rettig's public support  for both of these programs.   If President Biden is really committed to closing the tax gap and  going after wealthy tax cheats, he should encourage his nominee for IRS  Commissioner, Daniel Werfel, to embrace both of these programs.   The IRS has significant and persistent issues that need to be  addressed. Congress must exercise robust and aggressive oversight. This  is especially true given the outrageous infusion of $80 billion that is  mostly geared toward enforcement against the taxpayer.   The IRS must do a better job protecting taxpayer data, provide better  taxpayer service, and use its existing enforcement tools and regular  appropriations funding more efficiently. Simply put, that is what the  taxpayers deserve.   