 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the heritage,  culture, and immense and amazing contributions of Latinos to the United  States by introducing a bicameral resolution recognizing September 15  through October 15 as Hispanic Heritage Month.   When you walk into my office, both in my Washington, D.C., office,  and the San Fernando Valley office which I represent, you will notice a  very important picture of two hard-working gentlemen, two generations  of Mexican immigrants, my father and my mother's father, smiling while  crouching down picking potatoes in the very hot Stockton, California,  sun.   No matter how exhausted, how busy, and how much pain they endured,  they never complained, and they took the time to pause and smile  because they were so proud to be able to do a hard day's work and an  honest day's work right here in the United States of America.   That same grit and positivity that they demonstrated in that photo  are values carried by Latinos throughout our country's history:  farmworkers, astronauts, scientists, and many amazing contributors to  our great country. They are Latinos who have helped keep our country  operating before the pandemic, through the pandemic, and still to this  day. It is those same values and stories, those of individuals, many of  them immigrants, who encompass an unwavering spirit of perseverance.  These are the true stories that will be told at the National Museum of  the American Latino.   Latinos have been in what is now the United States for hundreds of  years. So current and future generations have the opportunity to visit  the National Mall and experience our beautiful history, culture, and  contributions that make us the greatest Nation in the world.   Yes, that is right, Mr. Speaker. The beautiful National Mall will  soon have a Latino museum on it so that people from all over the world  can appreciate the amazing contributions that Latinos have been making  to this great country and this continent for hundreds and hundreds of  years.   I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in recognizing these  amazing contributions of Latinos of the United States, and to encourage  everyone to recognize that we are a great country. We are an eclectic  country, and we do have much to be proud of. We, as Americans from  every part of this world, have made this country their home.   To people who are Latinos, it is sad to hear just a few minutes ago  that even Members of Congress will say derogatory things about the  southern border and make people believe that you should be afraid of  immigrants who come to this country, who seek a better life, people who  come to this country and do the jobs that most Americans, including me,  really don't want to do but need to be done.   If you are a senior in the United States of America, it is very  likely, as you get older and you need somebody to help you in your day- to-day life, it will probably be somebody with an accent. And yes, I  smile when I say that; somebody who gives their love and commitment to  that person who deserves the dignity of being cared for. Many, many  times, it is an immigrant. Many, many times, they speak Spanish. ``Of  course, they speak Spanish.'' ``Seguro que si, hablan espanol.'' Like  my grandfather who came to this country, my mother who came to this  country, and my father who came to this country did.   My grandfather had no formal education; my mother and father only had  a first and second grade education.   Why did they come to the United States?   Because they knew that this was a country of opportunity.   And although they suffered many indignities of racism and derogatory  comments toward them or what have you, they raised 11 American-born  citizens in what some people would call a very tough neighborhood. I  say a very beautiful, challenged neighborhood, but a beautiful  neighborhood at that.   And now I, as their youngest son, get to be a United States  Congressman, to contribute to this country as a U.S. citizen and a  Representative of the community that I was born and raised in; yet, at  the same time, to advance what is good about our country and to be an  example to every single one of us.   We live in a great country, the United States of America, and Latinos  have always made contributions.   