 I announce that the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. Baldwin),  the Senator from California (Mrs. Feinstein), the Senator from  Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan), the  Senator from California (Mr. Padilla), and the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Smith) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, I came to the floor to  request unanimous consent for the Senate to take up and confirm six  U.S. attorneys and two U.S. marshal nominations.   These nominees are all highly qualified. They have critical law  enforcement experience, and they want to serve this country at new  levels. They were voted out of the Judiciary Committee, which I chair,  by a voice vote. They have the support of their home State Senators.  They have the support of other local law enforcement. They deserve to  be confirmed. We need them--right now--without further delay.   And the obvious question is, Why are they being held up? Why are  these dedicated men and women not yet in office, ready to tackle  violent crime--which we know is a problem across America? Why aren't  they in office to prosecute fraud and terrorism? Why aren't they there  to protect families and children across America? One reason--the junior  Senator from Arkansas.   You see, when I made my unanimous consent request--a request joined  by the majority leader and Senators from all the affected States--one  Senator objected. Only one Senator refused to allow these individuals'  confirmation so that they could continue to serve this Nation and the  cause of law enforcement. And that same Senator, the junior Senator  from Arkansas, continues to engage in this mindless obstruction,  jeopardizing the safety of communities outside of Arkansas for reasons  which are still hard to understand.   Why is the junior Senator blocking well-qualified individuals from  law enforcement? What has he got against law enforcement at this moment  in America's history? Well, it doesn't have anything to do with the  nominees themselves or their qualifications. We have asked him over and  over. He has no complaint about any single one of them. He happened to  pick these people out as his political targets. He is concerned about a  completely unrelated issue. Let me tell you what it is.   In the summer of 2020, Federal law enforcement personnel were  dispatched to Portland, OR, to help protect the Federal courthouse. A  number of those Federal officers now face lawsuits relating to the  events that happened there.   The Department of Justice often represents Federal employees who were  sued in their individual capacity. Under governing regulations, the  Department of Justice goes through a process to determine that such  representation would be ``in the interests of the United States.''   And in this matter, the Department of Justice has either represented  or paid for the representation of more than 70 law enforcement  officials who have been sued. The Department has declined to represent  one individual--only one--and continues to review three additional  requests for representation.   The Senator from Arkansas says he wants to know why, but the  Department of Justice has made it clear it can't comment on these four  cases. Remember what you first learned when you were elected to the  U.S. Senate and somebody came to you and said: I need for you to be my  advocate. I need for you to be my champion.   You said to them: I would like to do it, but first you have to sign a  privacy waiver, a confidentiality waiver. I can't represent you or talk  about you unless I have that waiver.   The last time we came to the floor, I asked the junior Senator from  Arkansas: Have these three who are being under review, for example,  these Federal employees, given you a privacy waiver? Can you tell us  what the circumstances are that slowed it down?   No. So here he is, their champion and advocate, and they don't trust  him with a privacy waiver or they would rather their circumstances not  become public. They made that decision. It is pretty complicated in a  way. The bottom line is, who is paying for this complication and the  stalling tactic? Innocent people, six U.S. attorneys, two U.S.  marshals--not in the State of Arkansas.   The Department of Justice has made it clear it can't comment on these  cases ``in light of significant confidentiality interests and  applicable privileges.''   The Senator from Arkansas is hearing none of it. For example, DOJ's  regulations make it clear that communications about an employee's  request for representation are protected by an attorney-client  privilege. The Senator from Arkansas wants us to ignore that. The  Privacy Act prevents the Department of Justice from disclosing personal  records related to employees without their consent.   Unless things have changed in the last 2 weeks, the Senator who is  advocating for these people has never received that. He has never  received those consents. These privileges protect the privacy of the  very law enforcement personnel whose interests the junior Senator from  Arkansas claims to represent. The Senator claims to be speaking on  behalf of his deputy marshals, but he is asking the Justice Department  to violate legal privileges and attorney-client privileges that are  designed to specifically protect them and other Federal employees.    It is important to add that it is standard practice for any Member of  Congress to obtain a Privacy Act waiver. We have done it thousands of  times in our office--an act that gives a waiver for a constituent,  authorizing the office to make inquiries on their behalf. Apparently,  the Senator from Arkansas doesn't have that waiver or he would explain  to us what the circumstances are. It seems that the people he wants to  protect don't trust him with that information or don't want it to  become public.   The Senator is upset that the Justice Department is following the law  and a process required by their own rules and regulations--a process  that now affects four individuals. His response is to block the  confirmation of every U.S. attorney and every U.S. marshal on the  Senate calendar. How can you claim, as he does, to be tough on crime if  you are blocking well-qualified law enforcement officials from serving  because of a grievance that has nothing to do with them personally? The  junior Senator from Arkansas should let these law enforcement officials  do their job.   Often we hear the complaint: Oh, they want to defund the police. You  heard last night, President Biden said we need to fund the police and  got a standing ovation from everybody.   This is a new approach. Instead of funding the police, this one  Senator is going to stop law enforcement from even doing their job. For  example, yesterday, I chaired a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. We  examined how the Federal Government can help prevent and respond to the  surge in carjackings across America over the last 2 years. It was an  important bipartisan hearing with witnesses from law enforcement,  community groups, and the automobile industry testifying about  solutions to a problem that is an urgent issue in many of our  communities and testifying to the need for U.S. attorneys to enforce  the law in their jurisdictions. The same junior Senator from Arkansas,  who is leaving these U.S. attorneys spots vacant because he is unhappy  with the way he is being treated by the Department of Justice, didn't  attend the hearing. And he is blocking votes on Federal law enforcement  nominees charged with helping to protect our communities from  [[Page S944]]  carjackings and other violent crimes. How can that be anything other  than soft on law and order?   Before I proceed to my unanimous consent, I want to note the  overwhelming support these U.S. attorneys and U.S. marshal nominees  have from law enforcement professionals in their States. We are  receiving dozens of letters because of this outrageous hold by the  Senator from Arkansas--letters that speak not just to the nominees'  qualifications but the need to confirm them now.   Consider the support for Chief LaDon Reynolds to be the U.S. marshal  for the Northern District of Illinois. Senator Duckworth and I have  received letters from the director of the Illinois State Police and  police chiefs in towns and cities like Park Ridge, Hazel Crest, and  Calumet Park. It is unanimous. Chief Reynolds is a man for the job, and  he is waiting and waiting and waiting on the junior Senator from  Arkansas.   The Senate has also received letters of support for several of the  other nominees who face this needless blockade. Aaron Ford, the  attorney general of Nevada, has written in support for Jason Frierson  to be that State's U.S. attorney. Both Senators from Nevada took the  floor last time we brought this issue up and supported him.   The chiefs of police of Rochester, Duluth, and Saint Paul, MN, have  joined the Sheriff of Ramsey County, MN, urging the Senate to quickly  confirm Andrew Luger as Minnesota's U.S. attorney and Eddie Frizell to  be the State's U.S. marshal.   Mark Totten, nominated to be U.S. attorney for the Western District  of Michigan, has the support of county prosecutors and sheriffs  throughout the State, as well as from Michigan Attorney General Dana  Nessel and the Michigan Association of Police Organizations.   And the Sheriff of DeKalb County, GA, urges the Senate to swiftly  confirm Ryan Buchanan to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District of  Georgia.   These law enforcement officials want reinforcement. We have the  professionals to take over these positions now; one Senator holds them  up. They are just a few examples of the broad bipartisan support these  nominees enjoy.   These State and local law enforcement officials know how eminently  qualified the nominees are, and they have told us as much. They know we  can't and shouldn't waste another day supporting law enforcement. They  know it is time for the Senate to act now.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider the following nominations en bloc:  Calendar Nos. 660, 661, 662, 663, 739, 740, 741, 742; that the Senate  vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate;  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate; that any statements related to  the nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action, and the Senate resume  legislative session.    Right and moral? Is it right and moral to deny law  enforcement officials--the Senator is now leaving the floor.   Is it right and moral to deny these law enforcement officials an  opportunity to serve across the United States?   I listened carefully, and I was waiting for him to spell out--the  Senator from Arkansas who just walked off the floor--his objection as  to the qualifications of these law enforcement officers. He has none.  There are none.   These men he calls political appointees, the same thing happened  under the Trump administration. Over 85 of their U.S. attorneys were  approved by voice vote, with no delay. One was held over for 1 week;  that was it.   And yet he has made a crusade of this to try to stop these  individuals from serving in the States where they are desperately  needed.   The Senator from Arkansas is blocking the confirmation of these  individuals and, at the same time, calling the Democrats soft on law  and order. Go figure.   Don't lecture me on law and order if you are coming to the floor to  prevent qualified law enforcement professionals from helping the  Justice Department combat violent crime.   The reason I come to the floor and will continue to come to the floor  is because we have a serious crime problem in my State and in the city  of Chicago. I want to have the U.S. marshal there on the job doing  everything he is supposed to do to help the local and State law  enforcement bring down the violence and the death rate.   The Senator from Arkansas just doesn't seem to understand basic law.  The Department of Justice has an attorney-client privilege with these  individuals as they review their cases. He has been unable to get a  waiver so that he can even tell us publicly what the complaint might be  by the Department of Justice from the viewpoint of those Federal  officials.   He can't do it. It is good enough for him, if they are under review,  to stop all other U.S. attorneys and marshals across the United States.   Is this what America wants to see in Washington, this kind of  obstruction? I think not. It doesn't take political courage to harm an  innocent person. And what the Senator from Arkansas has done is to harm  individuals who simply want to serve America and make it safer.   My Republican colleagues frequently claim to be the party of law and  order; but in this matter, they are the ones playing politics on law  enforcement.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   