 Madam President and colleagues, I am going to talk for  just  [[Page S302]]  a few minutes about vote-by-mail. I think Senator Klobuchar will  probably be joining me.   Madam President and colleagues, I am the first U.S. Senator to be  elected completely by mail. The second U.S. Senator elected completely  by mail was my friend, Republican Gordon Smith, a Senator well known to  many here in this body.   The country looked up and its first experience, colleagues, with  vote-by-mail was thoroughly bipartisan--one Democrat, one Republican,  who, as it happened, after running against each other, got along very  well and did a lot together.   As the country began to get its arms around vote-by-mail, it was  bipartisan and the bipartisan efforts to build on it really took off.  They took off all across the country until President Donald Trump got  elected and began to spew all these lies about vote-by-mail. So then  something that was completely bipartisan suddenly became very partisan.  What I want to do is rebuild that bipartisanship. My colleagues seem to  say that is what they want. And the fact is, vote-by-mail is the gold  standard for casting an informed vote, particularly for working people,  seniors, and others, who would like the time, the opportunity in their  living rooms and their kitchens, to look at the ballot and consider the  various alternatives.   And in that effort now to undo the damage done by Donald Trump to  vote-by-mail and in the name of restoring bipartisanship, which is what  it is all about--and I can just tell my colleagues, our late secretary  of state, Dennis Richardson, used to say he was about the most  conservative person who ever lived. He basically told Donald Trump to  go fly a kite when it came to vote-by-mail. Dennis Richardson, our late  secretary of state, a staunch conservative, said the reality is there  hadn't been fraud; it worked very effectively. You are off base.   So in the hope of being able to restore that bipartisanship, I want  to ask a question of the distinguished chair of the Rules Committee.  Then, I will wrap up very quickly, and we can move on. But we have had  an awful lot of revisionist history with respect to vote-by-mail.   Senator Klobuchar, I know the Rules Committee, under your leadership,  has dug into the history. Utah--bright red Utah--votes by mail. Senator  Klobuchar, take us through that history and then I will close.    Madam President, let me close very quickly.   The fact is, we can bring about the bipartisanship that many of my  Republican colleagues have been talking about over the last 4\1/2\  hours. It is doable. It is possible to do it in a way that builds on a  practical gold standard for informed voting used in Oregon, used in  bright-red Utah, and it is what we had until 2020, when Donald Trump  tried to preempt the progress we were making because, in every rally,  he would talk about all this fraud, for example. Fraud, Madam  President--the last analysis of fraud in Oregon is 0.00001 percent of  all votes cast.    So we can get back to what the Republicans have been talking about  over the last 4\1/2\ hours, but the way you are going to have to do it  is they are going to have to go to Donald Trump and tell him: Look, we  just don't agree with you on this.   And that is the kind of leadership that we need. We saw it in Oregon.  We saw it in Utah. We have seen it now from sea to shining sea. That is  what it is going to take.   I want my Republican colleagues to know that we will meet them more  than half way, but they are going to have to start taking on Donald  Trump's lies on these issues if we are going to have that  bipartisanship that my colleagues have been talking about this morning.   