 Madam President, let me cut right to the chase here before  I get into a statement.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration of S. 623, a bill to make daylight saving time  permanent, and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Rubio  substitute at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, as the day goes on, I look forward to  others who will be coming to the floor here in a moment. You will see  it is an eclectic collection of Members of the U.S. Senate in favor of  what we have just done here in the Senate, and that is to pass a bill  to make daylight saving time permanent.   Just this past weekend, we all went through that biannual ritual of  changing the clock back and forth and the disruption that comes with  it. And one has to ask themselves after a while: Why do we keep doing  it? Why are we doing this?   This really began back in 1918 as a practice that was supposed to  save energy, and since then we have adjusted it.   Today, daylight saving time, which started out as 6 months, was  extended to 8 months in 2005, clearly showing you what people's  preference was. So we are doing this back-and-forth of clock-changing  for about 16 weeks of standard time a year.   Now, I think the majority of the American people's preference is just  to stop the back-and-forth changing. But beyond that, I think their  preference is, certainly, at least based on today's vote and what we  have heard, is to make daylight saving time permanent.   I will just tell you a couple of the reasons why I think that is  important. There is some strong science behind it that is now showing  and making people aware of the harm that clock-switching has. We see an  increase in heart attacks and car accidents and pedestrian accidents in  the week that follow the changes.   The benefits of daylight saving time have also been accounted for in  the research; for example, reduced crime, as there is light later in  the day. We have seen decreases in child obesity, a decrease in  seasonal depression that many feel during standard time, and then the  practical one and the one that I have witnessed with my own eyes.  [[Page S1166]]    In many parts of this country--understand, we are a country where we  desperately want our kids to be outside, to be playing, to be doing  sports, not just to be sitting in front of a TV or a computer terminal  or playing video games all day. And it gets really tough in many parts  of the country to be able to do that because what ends up happening is,  especially for these 16 weeks a year, if you don't have a park or an  outdoor facility with lights, you are basically shut down around 5  p.m., in some places as early as 4, 4:30 p.m. And these lights in parks  and things like that are expensive, and then a lot of communities are  resistant to them, right?   I have seen it with my own eyes. I have watched sporting events be  called--youth sporting events--in the middle or near the end of the  game before it has actually concluded because there is not enough  light.   So I just think that is one of the practical reasons why, if you look  at the way we live in this country, you want to have the ability to  spend more time in the evenings outdoors, not just to enjoy the  outdoors but to make sporting and outdoor activities available for  people at a time when, frankly, we are losing an hour, an hour and a  half in some parts of the country because of daylight.   So I am hoping that after today, this will go over to the House, and  they will act quickly on it.   I know this is not the most important issue confronting America, but  it is one of those issues where there is a lot of agreement, and I  think a lot of people wonder why it took so long to get here.   So my hope is that after we are done here today, that the House will  take it up; that the House will pass it; and that the President will  sign it.   I just want to lay out one caveat. This bill and the amendment does  delay its implementation, and the reason why--and I asked. Believe me,  I asked: Why are we delaying this? And I think it is important. We are  delaying it until November of 2023 because airlines, the rails,  transportation methods, others have already built out schedules based  on the existing timeline of this. And so they have asked for a few  additional months here--from industries like broadcasters and  airlines--to make that adjustment.   But the good news is that if we can get this passed, we don't have to  keep doing this stupidity anymore. And why we would enshrine this in  our laws and keep it for so long is beyond me, but hopefully this is  the year that this gets done.   And pardon the pun, but this is an idea whose time has come.   I yield the floor.   