 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   A couple months ago, as Claudia mentioned, my good friend from New  York's 22nd District invited me for a tour of two of upstate New York's  historic sites impacted by Harriet Tubman. Harriet has been one of my  heroes since I was 12 years old in the seventh grade.   This was my first visit to Peterboro. What a remarkable experience it  was to see firsthand the property of my longtime hero, someone who once  was the property of someone else. I encourage everyone who visits the  northeast to make this stop as part of your trip.   I thank my good friend for her invitation and for sharing this time  as we discuss courageous Americans who understood the blessing of  freedom.   I rise today to honor of the extraordinary life and unmatched legacy  of Harriet Tubman, one of the most notable abolitionists in American  history.   As many of you know, Harriet escaped the horrors of slavery and  through her work during the abolitionary movement overcame unspeakable  odds to secure the dreams of future generations.   My great-great-grandfather Silas Burgess came to America shackled in  the belly of a slave ship. He was sold on an auction block in  Charleston, South Carolina, to the Burgess Plantation. In his youth, he  escaped to west Texas along the southwestern route of the Underground  Railroad. He later became a successful entrepreneur, starting the first  Black church, the first Black elementary school in his town and  purchased 102 acres of farmland that he paid off in 2 years.   There are thousands upon thousands of untold stories of slavery to  success all due to courageous conductors like Harriet Tubman. The true  miracle of  [[Page H41]]  the Underground Railroad though is something that most of us miss. It  was total trust in faith between conductors like Harriet and the  facilitators of the Freedom Railroad. Whether it was south to north or  south to west, as with my great-great grandfather, White, Christian  Americans took the great risk of reprisal from the prevalent KKK in  their community as they opened up their barns, cellars, and food  pantries to create a safe and secret route to freedom for over 100,000  slaves prior to the Civil War.   I have been inspired by the story of the American heart since I was  12 years old, growing up in my proud southern, segregated Black  community.   Born enslaved in Maryland in 1822, Harriet spent her childhood as a  nursemaid, field hand, cook, and wood cutter.   When Harriet was 12, it was reported that she refused to help an  overseer punish another slave resulting in a severe injury when a 2- pound iron weight was thrown at her head. This caused her to suffer  seizures and bouts of uncontrollable narcolepsy throughout her life.   Harriet married John Tubman, a free Black man, in 1844.   After rumors spread that Harriet was about to be sold, she fled to  Philadelphia, then to Baltimore after returning to rescue her parents,  sister, and two children.   Over the next decade, Harriet led dozens of these trips rescuing more  than 70 slaves along the Underground Railroad. As the railroad's most  famous conductor, it has been said that she never lost a passenger. In  1858, Harriet bought a small farm in upstate New York where her family  resided, later to be named the Harriet Tubman Home.   During the Civil War, Harriet served Union forces as a scout, spy,  nurse, cook, recruiter, and laundress. Under the command of Union  Colonel James Montgomery, Harriet became the first woman to lead a  major military operation in the United States when she and 150 African- American Union soldiers rescued about 700 slaves in the Combahee Ferry  Raid.   After the Civil War, Harriet opened her home to serve orphans and the  elderly. She joined Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony in  their quest for women's suffrage. She believed in equal rights for  everyone and lived a life of courage, serving others until around the  age of 92.   I often say that the Black American history is so rich because of the  heroes who have come before us, heroes like Harriet Tubman, Gerrit  Smith, Frederick Douglass, Sojourner Truth, Lucretia Mott, and so many  others who recognized injustice, strove to help their brothers and  sisters, and dreamed of a world outside the chains of slavery. Each  focused on building pockets of freedom that would soon spread  throughout our country. It was a movement that has inspired untold  millions around the world.   Indeed, we all stand on the shoulders of these great people who came  before us, but the Black community, particularly my proud race, holds  our ancestors especially dear. They fought hate, overcame the horrors  of slavery, and on their backs built a world in which we can own and  build our homes and businesses, get an education, worship our faith,  vote, run for office, and stand on the floor of the House of  Representatives, honoring the legacy of one of the most notable  abolitionists in American history.   What a difference men and women pursuing their dreams in a free  country can make. It is our responsibility to never forget or allow  history to be erased as to what we the people have done together over  our 240-year history. This as we continue to resolve to grow together  as a more perfect Union.   I have just a few thoughts I want to leave you with before I  conclude. And that is a little bit of the highlights of the good hearts  of our American people. It is our Nation's mission statement that ends  with the idea that we can have not only second chances but as an  imperfect Union that we can become more of a perfect Union.    I start with my great-great grandfather Silas Burgess. To show what a  more perfect Union looks like is the fact that he came to this country  in the belly of a slave ship, lived through the evils of a plantation,  and yet escaped by going west because of good Americans, German and  Mexican Americans who opened up their homes and their barns and their  fields to give him an opportunity to move forward and keep his hopes  alive. And even though he saw the evils of being a slave, he saw the  good hearts of these good Americans that led him to become a Christian,  led him to be able to forgive, to build and serve instead of destroy.   I see the form of a more perfect Union with my dad in the fifties who  came back from World War II and could not get his postgraduate degree  in Texas because of Jim Crow laws, was able to go to Ohio State because  some White administrator, who I will never know who that was, said yes  and gave my father an opportunity to get his Ph.D., and again, to help  form a more perfect Union.   I experienced this myself in the sixties when going to the University  of Miami I was the fourth Black student to get a scholarship in the  most southern school down south. At that time there was a commitment by  the President, Henry Stanford, to end segregation and it allowed me to  move forward based on my character versus the color of my skin.   I saw a more perfect Union in the seventies when a Jewish owner of  the Oakland Raiders, Al Davis, committed to ending the Jim Crow  barriers of the NFL and put meritocracy above color, and we had the  first Hispanic quarterback, the first Hispanic coach, the first Black  coach, the first female CEO because meritocracy has no color.   What we have seen in our country and we have to continue to remember  is the power of we the people, the power of the team. We think about  Harriet Tubman as a conductor, Frederick Douglass, Booker T.  Washington, Martin Luther King, all conductors. We have many conductors  today throughout our country, and at the same time we have many more  people who built our freedom highways and railroads.   We the people roll up our sleeves and give hope to others. We need to  rediscover our history, remember the havens of Peterboro, places where  Americans across this country, regardless of skin color, came together  to allow others to have an opportunity to see what freedom is all  about.   We can see those experiences in Booker T. Washington in Tuskegee in  the early 1900s. We can see that experiments succeeded in Tulsa,  Oklahoma, in the early 1900s of Black Wall Street. And we can see it  today throughout our country. We see it here in this House.   What we must remember is our past should give us hope for a much  greater future, and we also must remember to sprint away from anyone  who leaves us hopeless.    Madam Speaker, if I can add to that, because I think the  most important thing about our Nation is to remember our history, to  really understand that we have within our hearts, because of our  foundation, this desire to want others to succeed. We want to feel good  that we have been part of something that makes a difference. And it is  not just the 2000s, it is actually throughout our country's history.  [[Page H42]]  And to know what happened, again, from my great grandfather, throughout  our history, again we can find those moments in which we have helped  each other. We have all given some credence, something given back to  this country, the more we know about that, the more we will feel better  about who we are today and our vision for the future. So we have to  make sure we keep that in mind, for sure.    If I could add a little about Peterboro. This was, again,  a new experience for me. And what that particular place represented for  so many Americans, particularly Black Americans, was a place of hope.  They knew that once they got to Peterboro, they were literally very  close to Canada, which was their, really, freedom. That was it.   They could then know they weren't going to be hiding and going  through all the stealth and knowing they could be recaptured. So that  hope is a big factor we talked about. And I hope that those that are  listening to our conversation know that actually our country is built  on that.   What we have done so far today is talked about what our country is  capable of because we have done it in the past. And the more hope we  can give to our fellow Americans that this is a country, the best in  the history of mankind, that we can serve each other, that we can  build, not destroy, and that we can become a much better country  because that is actually within our mission statement, to be a more  perfect union. And we can do that, and that is what we have done,  again, very successfully.   I am just very excited to have this opportunity to spend this time  with you. It was a great opportunity. I can't wait to get back. If I  can say, for anyone who is listening, please check this place out.  Harriet Tubman, as always, for many of us we know she is a hero, go to  her place to see her property--a person that once was the property of  someone else--her property and what she did and what she gave away to  so many because she just loved the process of service. It was a great  experience, and I can't wait to get back and check it out again.    I would love to.    If I could just leave one message as my last final word to  those who are watching. This country is a place that has thrived  because people can envision themselves doing much, much better. And we  do that when we, the people, get together and we really put our hearts  and soul into making sure our next generation is a much better place  than our time is, and we do that better than any other country.   I am thankful for the opportunity to visit the home of my hero since  I was 12 years old, and that was kind of exciting to hear that you were  that close to the area and to have the invitation to come up and see  it. So thank you so much for that.    Thank you so much. Exactly the same. We have a remarkable  freshman team. I am so honored to be serving with you at this point.  Let's keep this thing moving forward, for sure.   