 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my good friend from  West Texas, Red Raider, for yielding me time. I would say if K-State  can beat OU 3 of the last 4 years, certainly we can make massive  progress on this debt that we have racked up. Nothing is impossible.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the excessive government funding  at a time when inflation is skyrocketing, the supply chain is still  struggling to recover, and farmers are going out of business.   I look forward to the month of August every year because it gives me  an extended period of time back home to visit with folks in my district  and hear about their needs. This year, however, on August 12, Speaker  Pelosi called the House back into session to vote on a $700 billion  tax-and-spend plan chock full of Green New Deal priorities. This so- called Inflation Reduction Act will do nothing to slow down inflation;  it will only make it worse.   The bill contains countless reckless spending provisions such as: $80  billion to hire 87,000 IRS agents, increasing audits on the middle  class and small businesses; spending more than $250 billion on Green  New Deal spending and a brand new $27 billion climate slush fund at the  EPA; $12 billion in new taxes on oil and gas producers, expanding the  senseless war on producers of fossil fuels; $128 billion spent to  expand Obamacare subsidies.   As if this weren't enough, President Biden announced a plan just a  few weeks ago to forgive student loans for up to $20,000 per borrower  without the approval of this Congress. Regardless of party, that is  appalling.   This plan is obviously just campaigning utilizing taxpayer dollars.  It is ill-timed, shortsighted, and irresponsible. In light of the  astronomically high inflation that our country is facing, the plan to  cancel student loans will cost taxpayers more than $300 billion,  transferring the debt burden of borrowers to low- and middle-class  taxpayers. The Biden plan unfairly punishes Americans who have already  paid their student loans or never attended college.   Government spending is set to expire tomorrow, September 30, and  Congress will consider a stop-gap spending bill tomorrow morning to  keep this government operating again. Included in the bill is $1  billion of spending to subsidize the home utility costs of low-income  Americans, when Biden's war on fossil fuels caused the utility costs to  skyrocket in the first place.   There are better ways to solve most problems than simply throwing  money at them, but that is all this administration seems to know how to  do.   Oddly enough, the one place where House Democrats and this  administration don't want to spend more money is on police. The brave  men and women who protect us all. It is truly unbelievable.   The picture here, overall, is one of wasteful spending, political  pandering that endangers Americans, carelessness, and shortsightedness.  This administration needs to wake up to the real problems facing  America and start offering practical solutions to pay down our debt  before it is too late.   