 Mr. President, I rise today in response to Russia's  alarming and impending threat toward its neighbor, the independent  nation of Ukraine.   As we speak, Vladimir Putin continues to ready more than 100,000  soldiers, tanks, artillery, aircraft, and missiles along Ukraine's  border.   To Ukraine's north, in Belarus, Russia has positioned tens of  thousands more troops, nominally, as part of a military exercise. To  Ukraine's south, Russian ships are amassing in the Black Sea.   Propaganda and disinformation are on the internet and on Russian TV  channels as part of the Russian playbook we now know very well.   The Kremlin's intent is to manufacture a pretext for its aggression  and sow divisions in the West. Russian troops already occupy vast  tracts of Ukraine in Crimea and continue a ``low-grade'' war in eastern  Ukraine, a war initiated by Mr. Putin that has cost already over 14,000  lives. Ukrainian soldiers have been bravely fighting and dying to  protect their country from what has been naked aggression from Russia.   We hear--even from Ukrainian leadership--that their forces would face  an unequal fight in a full-scale Russian invasion and, unfortunately,  probably couldn't help but be outnumbered and overwhelmed.   And while Moscow has amassed the largest concentration of military  forces seen in Europe since the end of the Cold War, it continues to  make shrill accusations that it is not Ukraine but somehow Russia that  is under threat, all the while making demands that Ukraine never join  NATO or control its own destiny.   Even as he threatens war with Ukraine, Mr. Putin demands to be  treated as head of a normal government. He thrills at being given one- on-one meetings with other world leaders or being invited to diplomatic  fora. He rails that Russia has been unfairly singled out for sanctions.   He demands respect, even as he lays out a thesis denying that Ukraine  is--or ever was--a country with its own traditions, language,  aspirations, or sovereignty.   What Mr. Putin really fears is that if Ukraine succeeds in building a  nation where Ukrainian speakers and Russian speakers have genuine  freedoms, can vote in free elections and control their own destiny--if  that happens, then maybe Russians may start to wonder why they have to  live in a country where Putin has practically made himself President  for life, eligible to stay in office until 2036, where questioning the  endemic corruption of the Russian state, trying to run a business  without paying off officials, or even expressing an opinion can lead to  detention, trumped-up charges, or, as we have too often seen, even  death from a military-grade nerve agent.   Mr. Putin fears that Ukraine could prove to be a model of what Russia  could become without his kleptocratic regime. Mr. Putin says he feels  threatened by NATO. He wants to go back to the good old days, when the  USSR held Eastern Europe--including Ukraine--in its iron grip. So he  has decided to seize chunks of Ukrainian territory and unilaterally  change Europe's borders.   Now, this isn't a new position for Putin. It reflects a long-held  view. In 2005, he called the fall of the Soviet Union ``the greatest  geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century.''   In 2008, he invaded Georgia. When Russian troops seized control of  Crimea, he sent in his ``little green men'' and adopted his doctrine of  hybrid warfare. He felt unconstrained to send agents of the Russian  state to assassinate those he sees as his enemies, whether in Kyiv or  London or Berlin or Sofia or Vienna.   And he has built up his arsenal and threatened his neighbors. Putin,  as we know and have read about, has crushed even the slightest hint of  political opposition at home in Russia--all of this while wanting to be  seen as a victim and as the leader of a normal participant in the  community of nations. These actions are not and cannot ever be accepted  or acceptable by the civilized world.   So what can the United States and the West do? President Biden and  other Western leaders have undertaken the right approach offering Putin  multiple diplomatic off-ramps--as recently, again, as the visit by the  German Chancellor this week--and a dialogue about Russia's exaggerated  fears regarding European security.   Nobody wants a military conflict between two nuclear powers so the  President has clearly stated that U.S. troops are not being sent to  Ukraine to fight Russia.   At the same time, President Biden has made it extremely clear that if  Russia rejects this diplomatic path and conducts further aggression  against Ukraine, there will be a heavy price to pay. Russia will face  the immediate imposition of strong, robust, and effective sanctions-- including sectoral sanctions against its banking and financial system  as well as stringent export controls that will damage Russia's economy.   At the same time, while we do not want to ensure that there are any  miscalculations or an unintended escalation, the United States and  European nations have increased their supply of defensive weapons to  Ukraine to ensure that Putin knows that any invasion will impose costs  on the Russian military. Mr. Putin may find that if he invades, he may  not find the going so easy.    Ukrainians do not want to be part of Russia, especially at the point  of a gun. As someone who has argued that Russia and Ukraine are one  fraternal people, it will be difficult for Putin to explain why Russian  soldiers are dying while trying to kill their Ukrainian brothers.   As a major part of his policy, President Biden has endeavored to keep  NATO together and unified since one of Putin's major goals is to  undermine that unity. The administration's approach is, frankly,  significantly different from the previous President in this country,  who undermined the transatlantic alliance, questioned the very need for  its existence, and took every opportunity to weaken the shared bonds  that have kept peace in Europe since World War II.   President Biden, though, has put thousands of U.S. forces on standby  [[Page S687]]  and has deployed U.S. forces to NATO's eastern flank. I saw some  additional troops from the 82nd heading over to Poland even as we  speak. Now, again, these movements are not to inflame the situation but  to ensure that there is no mistake about our commitment to NATO's  collective defense, our willingness to defer aggression, and to make  sure that we continue to bolster this critical alliance. The truth is,  it is not just Americans. Other NATO members have agreed and are  sending military forces to its eastern border to ensure that Putin  knows that the alliance stands united.   Let us be very clear on who the aggressor is in these provocations.  The eyes of the world have been on Vladimir Putin and Russia, as he has  initiated a steady and deliberate buildup of Russian forces and  military assets, as I mentioned earlier, to the north, east, and south  of Ukraine, and he has rebuffed multiple diplomatic overtures to  deescalate the situation. Through media reporting, satellite imagery,  and intelligence shared by our government and by the British  Government, much of Putin's incitement has been out in the open for all  to see.   It is as clear today as it will be through the lens of history that  this march of aggression has been led by one man, and that is Vladimir  Putin. But it is important for Putin to know it is not too late to back  down from this foolish and destructive course of action. Even at the  eleventh hour, diplomatic avenues remain very much open. Putin can  still choose against leading further aggression and invasion that would  have the opposite effect from what he imagines.   While there have been some reports in the media that he may be  moving, we have seen no clear efforts. This is clearly a case that we  will believe what the Russians do, not what some of their leaders say,  because if Putin does invade, he will have unleashed a tragedy not just  for Ukraine but for the Russian people. Putin will rightly have earned  the enmity of all free nations and people everywhere, and Russia's  economy and citizens will suffer.   I want to be clear. In the event of an unwarranted, unjustified, and  illegitimate attack on Ukraine, the United States will stand with the  people of Ukraine. Russia will become a pariah nation, a rogue state.  The legitimacy of Putin's regime will be significantly undermined. And  the NATO alliance that Putin worries so much about? It will be  reinvigorated to fulfill the mission it was created for: as a defensive  alliance against Soviet or, now in the 21st century, Russian  aggression.   I urge President Putin to choose the right path. Deescalate tensions.  Don't just talk about deescalation but actually deescalate. Engage in a  real and honest diplomatic process, and end any plans leading towards a  violent confrontation in Ukraine. By doing this, he would ultimately  spare Russia the crippling economic consequences that would be  necessitated by his aggression.   I also say, I was very proud yesterday, when the administration  briefed the bipartisan leadership of all the committees that are  dealing with this potential invasion, to see the broad and bipartisan  support behind standing with the people of Ukraine and the message that  should Putin take these actions, the level of sanctions that we will  impose upon him and his economy will be unprecedented.   I yield the floor.   