 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 3157, the Bridging  the Gap for New Americans Act. This legislation's journey to the House  floor began in my office 3 years ago and was born out of a conversation  with Interfaith Works of Central New York, a nonprofit in my district.   Interfaith Works serves the Central New York community by working to  resettle individuals and families that have fled unimaginable hardship,  seeking opportunity and prosperity legally, legally, in the United  States.   As advocates from the organization with firsthand experience  described, Interfaith's resettlement efforts consistently encounter a  troubling trend; underemployment or unemployment among individuals that  come to America with professional degrees and certifications from other  countries.   This phenomenon, often referred to as ``brain waste,'' impacts  individuals with skills and experiences in a wide range of in-demand  fields, and it is by no means isolated to Central New York.   A study by the Migration Policy Institute estimated that 2 million  immigrants and refugees with college degrees have been relegated to  low-wage jobs or left unemployed in the U.S., with 60 percent of these  individuals holding credentials in the healthcare sector.   On an annual basis, this untapped talent is estimated to cost nearly  $40 billion in uncollected wages and over $10 billion in unrealized tax  receipts.   Simply put, these are individuals who came to our country through the  proper channels--and I can't stress that enough--who want to contribute  to our economy, and who are now facing significant obstacles in seeking  employment through no fault of their own.   Most concerningly, the underutilization of their skills comes in the  midst of a nationwide workforce crisis, when our economy needs their  contributions more than nearly any point in my lifetime.   So, what is Congress going to do about it?   I am proud to say that the Bridging the Gap for New Americans Act  takes a significant first step in addressing brain waste and enabling  millions of individuals who are already legally present in the United  States to participate fully in our economy.   This bill would seek to identify the underlying factors that  contribute to brain waste by directing the Department of Labor to study  existing barriers and issue recommendations to help combat them.   Critically, the narrowly tailored consensus approach taken by this  legislation has already received strong bipartisan support, with the  legislation passing in the Senate by unanimous consent earlier this  year.   The Bridging the Gap for New Americans Act also has significant  support nationwide and has been endorsed by over 200 workforce  development groups and community organizations.   I thank Representatives Crow, Fitzpatrick, and Gottheimer for joining  me in introducing the House version of this bill in a bipartisan  manner, as well as Senators Klobuchar and Cornyn for their work to move  this legislation through the Senate.   I also thank the hundreds of national advocates who have worked  tirelessly to raise awareness surrounding this brain waste and to build  support for this commonsense legislation.   This bill is about upholding the American Dream and unlocking  opportunities for millions of workers, and I urge all my colleagues to  join me in voting to send it to the President's desk.   