 Mr. President, I am grateful to be recognized, especially  with the Presiding Officer in the Chair for the beginning of this talk,  because I just wanted to come out here and mention that the last time I  spoke on the floor, I spoke about the Department of Commerce's  investigation on solar tariffs and the ways in which it was destroying  Colorado's solar industry.  [[Page S2780]]    And I am very pleased to report, because of the efforts of the  Presiding Officer and others, that President Biden announced today that  he is going to waive any solar tariffs from that investigation for 2  years. That is great news for Colorado and New Mexico. It will give  Colorado solar companies the certainty they need to advance new  projects, expand their businesses, and help us meet our climate goals.   So I just want to say a word of gratitude to the Biden administration  for listening and for making adjustments to what they were doing that I  think are going to benefit American workers and American jobs.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Tuesday, June 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour  be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Wagner nomination postcloture; further, that all  postcloture time on the Wagner nomination be considered expired at  11:30 a.m. and the Senate recess following the cloture vote on the  motion to proceed to H.R. 3967 until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly  caucus meeting; further, that notwithstanding rule XXII, at 4 p.m., the  Senate vote on confirmation of the Jacobs-Young, Wainstein, and Baker  nominations as provided under the previous order; finally, that if any  nominations are confirmed during Tuesday's session, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Portman.   