 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Johnson for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, let me start off by offering my prayers to Ukraine,  its people, and its leaders. I have asked my family to do that. Every  night when we say our prayers, we pray for the people of Ukraine and  their safety and the miracle of Biblical proportions that needs to  occur in that country. It has happened before, and it can happen again.  All of us hope that their country finds peace. We want to see this  conflict end, Madam Speaker.   Innocent Ukrainians are caught in the middle of Vladimir Putin's  unprovoked war against their country. These civilians are not at all  responsible for the situation they find themselves in, yet they are the  ones who are always paying the price.   Homes are destroyed. Food and water are scarce. Medical supplies are  in short supply. Many institutions necessary for a stable society are  under attack. On top of it all, the Ukrainians are living under the  constant threat of Putin dropping a vacuum bomb or something worse.  Some reports indicate that thermobaric bombs have been introduced to  the theater, a whole new kind of hell that we are not used to in this  country.   Discussions are now taking place about the United States supporting  the Ukrainians with humanitarian aid. The question remains, how will we  pay for this important matter? Congress could save a whole lot of  money, Madam Speaker, if we would seize Russian-held assets and use  them to pay for humanitarian aid to Ukraine. Using a creative funding  mechanism like this ensures that we are responsible stewards of our  constituents' tax dollars, especially given the challenges they face  here at home.   Since 2015, American taxpayers have spent nearly $3 billion on  humanitarian aid to Ukraine. What is wrong with having those  responsible for the current humanitarian crisis pay for it, Madam  Speaker? Vladimir Putin's invasion sparked this crisis. It makes sense  that Russia should pay for the destruction and suffering it is causing  these poor, innocent Ukrainians.   I appreciate Mr. Johnson's truculent use of this apparatus, and I do  appreciate his lackluster approach.   