 Mr. President, I want to talk today about one of the  most disturbing human catastrophes in the world. Now, I have recently  visited the Ukraine border, and I have done medical mission work around  the world from Haiti to Honduras to Africa. I have seen malnutrition  and starvation. I have seen trauma. I have seen the consequences of the  lack of potable water and sewage.   I describe this so when I say our southern border--yes, our own  southern border--is a humanitarian crisis, you know I am not speaking  in ignorance or hyperbole. And this crisis, this humanitarian  nightmare, has been created by our own President's policies.   You see, when he was elected, he sent a loud invitation to the whole  world; and more recently, when he said he was ending title 42, it was  like turning on a stronger magnet. It was like sending a flare, a  signal. It was like a giant Times Square billboard telling all the  world: Come now, come to the United States. Amnesty is waiting for  everyone.   As for the cartels--the people traveling, they paid no mind to the  court ruling. Instead, they kept coming. And as we speak, the largest  caravan to date is on its way, with more than 15,000 people--bigger  than my hometown of Great Bend.   This invitation, this magnet has made an already treacherous,  inhumane situation worse. Our President is, indeed, inviting people to  their own peril, to their own harrowing, life-threatening journey.   Let me share with you what I saw just 16 days ago on my fourth visit  to the border.   Upon our arrival and a short drive to the river, we found the Border  Patrol and our National Guard hard at work with some 30 migrants in  line waiting to be processed. They had turned themselves in. And within  moments, within minutes, that line was over 100 people. And at the  front of the line were two beautiful young sisters, ages 7 and 9. They  were unaccompanied--no parents and no families. I can only imagine what  it would have been like traveling over 1,000 miles from Central America  to the Rio Grande River without your parents or without a family  member. I can only imagine what might have happened to them on that  trek.    From the river, we traveled to a detention center where the migrants  were held for 2 to 3 days.   I have to again compliment our Border Patrol; they are doing an  incredible job in a humanitarian crisis by providing showers, shelter,  clothing, healthcare, and meals. The challenge is 80 percent of our  Border Patrol officers are having to function like they are like  running a restaurant, like running a hotel, functioning as social  workers while our borders are left unguarded.   And the get-aways--we haven't talked about the get-aways. Let me tell  you the story of one young lady I met. Let's say she was probably 17  years of age from Central America. She or her family paid the cartel  some $3,000 to get from Central America through Mexico across the river  and into the United States. Now, I don't know if she was raped or  violated, but this certainly is a very common situation--all too common  during this trek. We do know that some people in her group were asked  to smuggle drugs across the border as part of their thoroughfare.   Now, after crossing this treacherous river, she was abandoned by her  coyote. She was already dehydrated, had dysentery. She was  malnourished. She hadn't slept for days. And she was no doubt  frightened. Eventually she found refuge at a cartel stash house on the  Texas side of the border. Yes, now the cartel has cartel members living  in America along the river and, as I later found out, all across  America.   Next the cartel arranged--of course, for a price--for her to be  smuggled via car from a border city to a checkpoint some 60 miles away.  Now these journeys, too, are treacherous, as migrants are often placed  in containers, in the backs of trucks, or in the trunks of cars. And  when they are chased by sheriffs, the drivers recklessly place their  own human cargo in peril.   But this person wasn't done yet. About 5 miles short of the  checkpoint, the human smugglers let her out of the car. Then she had to  walk around the checkpoint--probably a journey of 15 to 20 miles-- through the Texas heat, scrub brush, and rattlesnakes. In fact, many  days now Texas Rangers find dead, decayed bodies of migrant workers or  migrant folks who had not made the trek successfully.   So this journey around the checkpoint would take 3 to 4 days. She was  [[Page S2851]]  given 2 days' worth of water--a milk jug full of water.   A couple miles beyond the checkpoint, a new human smuggler, hired and  coordinated by the cartel to pick her up, awaits. This is where I met  our young lady. We watched as she and four others packed into a small  car, and a fifth hopped in the trunk. After a short, high-speed chase,  the car finally pulled over and the riders fled on foot. Now, most were  apprehended very shortly, including the young lady in this photo.   This is when I met the woman in the story for the first time. Again,  she hadn't had water for 2 days. Her left knee was swollen and painful.  She had multiple cuts that were infected, multiple bruises, and she was  semicomatose, fading in and out. She had certainly heat exhaustion and  was bordering on a heatstroke. Now, we were fortunate. With some minor  first aid, giving her hydration, cooling her down, she is going to make  it and she is going to be fine. But for many making this treacherous  journey across the southern border, this story ends much more  differently and much more tragically.   I am asking--I am begging our President to turn off the magnet, to  turn off the billboards that advertise for these people to risk their  lives, to stop inviting them to their peril and perhaps their death.   I yield the floor.   