 Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on and urge defeat of the  previous question so that we can immediately take up H.R. 6184, the  HALT Fentanyl Act.   Mr. Speaker, there is a crisis on our southern border greater than we  have ever seen due to the policies put in place by the Biden  administration. Almost 2\1/2\ million migrants have crossed our  southern border in fiscal year 2022. In 2021 alone, border officials  encountered nearly 2 million illegal immigrants and seized over 11,000  pounds of fentanyl. This is a public health crisis that demands  immediate attention.   H.R. 6184, the HALT Fentanyl Act, places fentanyl-related analogues  into schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act and establishes a new  registration process for schedule I research funding by the Department  of Health and Human Services and the Department of Veterans Affairs.   The move to permanently schedule fentanyl as schedule I is a  necessary tool for the Drug Enforcement Administration to work with  other agencies and law enforcement officials to address the threat of  illicit fentanyl.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, fentanyl  is now the number one cause of death for Americans 18 to 45, surpassing  suicide, COVID-19, and car accidents.   Mr. Speaker, we have all heard stories about how drug dealers are  using social media and apps, like Snapchat, to infiltrate chats with  teens or young kids and sell them these illicit drugs. We have no idea  what they are selling and whether or not the drug is laced with  fentanyl.   Two Congresses ago, the Energy and Commerce Committee worked hard on  the SUPPORT Act to deal with what at the time was called an opiate  crisis, but we have moved on from that, and now we have a fentanyl  crisis.   This is a different disease. It demands attention at the southern  border, it demands attention to the analogues being shipped to Mexico  from China, and it demands that our Drug Enforcement Administration  have the tools it needs to interrupt this deadly epidemic of drug  overdose deaths. One death is too many, and we need to equip our  communities to address this issue from the source.   If it has changed so much in 4 years, imagine what it will look like  in 10 years if nothing is done now. I urge Members to defeat the  previous question so we can immediately take up this important bill.   