 Mr. President, I would say to Senator Blumenthal,  absolutely, yes, and to Senator Graham, also yes, and thank you.   Let me just give a quick overview of my part of this colloquy as to  where we are.   This began with the Munich Security Conference, which Senator Graham  and I led this year, the so-called McCain codel. When we heard about  the imminent invasion, we both became very ardent that we needed to get  after Russia's oligarchs; first, because it was turning the oligarchs  against Yanukovych, which freed up Ukraine, and, second, because these  oligarchs in Russia are part and parcel of the way in which Putin has  manipulated his country and acceded enormous hidden wealth to himself.   So we knew that the oligarchs needed to be a target. We talked about  it so relentlessly that whenever Secretary of State Blinken saw us  coming, he would say: I know. I know. Oligarchs, I get it.   Afterward, the President came back and he took the Treasury's Asset  Forfeiture Section and the State Department's Asset Forfeiture Section  and the Department of Justice's Asset Forfeiture Section and pulled  them together into what he is calling the Kleptocratic Initiative. That  is a good thing the President did.   In this bill, there is money for it. We give $67 million to that  enterprise and another $30 million to FinCEN, which is the group within  Treasury that tracks dirty money. So that is about $100 million to  support the KleptoCapture operation.   What they still need is authorities, and that is what our bill would  give them. When we got back, Senator Graham, Senator Wicker, Senator  Blumenthal, and I drafted this bill, and a version of it has been  passed in the House, thanks to the leadership of Representative   Tom  Malinowski. And after that bill was filed, the Biden administration got  together and they gave technical assistance to us from the Department  of Justice as to what it was that they actually need to be more  effective at going after these oligarchs to seize, to sell, and to send  to Ukraine the proceeds.   So that is where we are right now. And one of the things that we need  is to speed up the process; it can take forever to go through the  process. We need to couch this process in the national security  authorities of the President as much as possible, because this is  primarily a national security issue. We need to speed up the process so  that, for instance, you don't have to prove who the true beneficial  owner is before you seize the yacht.   You can go on intelligence reports. You can go on whistleblowers.  And, by the way, we want to reward whistleblowers. You remember the  Ukrainian who sunk his boss's yacht and he got arrested because he  pulled the plug out of that yacht and sunk it?   I would rather have that guy come to the Department of Justice and  say: I can tell you all about who owns this yacht. You don't have to  worry about going through the Cypriot bank account, the Cayman Islands  shell corporation, the Dakota trust--wherever else this has been  hidden. I can tell you that is the guy--and be able to act based on  that and have the authority to have the action, what is called ``in  rem'' by lawyers. You don't have to find the defendant.   This is United States v. Motor Vessel--whatever it is called-- Scheherazade. And you give public notice, and  [[Page S2485]]  you invite the world to come and make whoever has a claim to that yacht  to show that it is there and it shouldn't be condemned, sold, and the  proceeds go to Ukraine, which is an interesting predicament for the  oligarch who owns it but has pretended he does not, who has hidden  behind all these shells.   He now has to come forward and say: Actually I own that yacht.   Gotcha, game over.   Or he has to put in some phony to come and say: Hey, I actually own  that yacht. I may be a cellist, but I am a billionaire cellist who  happens to own that yacht.   And we get to say in a court of law: Prove it. Let's have some real  discovery. Let's have some testimony under oath. If this is your yacht,  God bless you, you can have it. Prove it. We dare you.   I think what is going to happen is a lot of these claims are going to  be forfeit, because they are, in fact, crooked. And we have every right  and every need to go after these assets because Putin's attack on  Ukraine is supported, aided, abetted, and given aid and comfort to by  this retinue of slippery oligarchs around him who have protected him.   You saw 29 of them showing up in that big office of his to have the  little talk with him about how this was all going. We know who they  are. And we know what their role is, and they are aiding and abetting  and giving aid and comfort to an enemy of our ally Ukraine--as Senator  Graham has pointed out--at the fulcrum in the world of our battle for  freedom right now.   If we can't act on this, shame on us. So we are going to continue; we  are going to continue in bipartisan fashion. We are going to take our  bill, and we are going to add on to it the technical language from the  Department of Justice that will specify the authorities that they need.  And we are going to find a way to get this passed. If we can't do it by  unanimous consent, which I hope we can, then perhaps on the NDA or some  other must-pass piece of legislation.    But this must be done. And to Senator Blumenthal's question, will  this make a difference? Some of these yachts cost half a billion  dollars, and there are dozens of them floating around. This is real  money. And that is before you get to the fancy paintings and before you  get to the mansions in London and before you get to the villas on the  coast of Spain.   We need to make it very expensive to be an oligarch supporting Putin,  and we need to take the filthy pelt, the lucre that they stole from  their country and put it to the benefit of the Ukrainian people.   So I am delighted that Senator Wicker was an initial cosponsor of  this bill. I am delighted that Senator Graham was an initial cosponsor  and Senator Blumenthal.   And I will close by saying that, you know, this Munich security  delegation that we do every year has made a big difference on several  occasions, because we get together in bipartisan fashion, we are  presented with real, immediate problems in the world that we face when  we go to that conference. And we craft bipartisan solutions in realtime  there, and then we come back and deploy them. And that is what was done  here. We are going to see this through. We are going to get this right.   Thank you, Senator Graham.    Gladly.    The oligarchs working with and for Vladimir Putin  have stolen almost all of the wealth of Russia. These are extremely  wealthy individuals. If you can afford a $500 million yacht, you have  got money to burn. And that is not your only asset--that is just your  yacht.   And you have got all the other stuff, the villas and the mansions and  the artworks and the jets and all of that. The number is obviously in  the tens of billions of dollars. When you consider that we are  appropriating $40 billion, I think it is a fair bet that we can do half  again, just from these oligarchs. And to have that money go to  Ukraine's relief, to its victory, and to its rebuilding would be a  very, very good use.   And at the same time, it would provide the strategic feature that it  would start turning these greedy oligarchs against Putin because we are  going to keep coming after them until this is over, and it would  disable his apparatus of control over Russia, which is run through  being basically a gang of thieves who all allow each other to loot  their country.   I am reminded of Senator Graham's great friend, Senator McCain, who  used to describe Russia as a gas station run by gangsters with an army.   Well, this turns the gangsters against each other, in addition to  taking ill-gotten gains and turning them to a valuable and proper use.  And the message it sends is: If you are a crooked oligarch who will  support a dictator, a tyrant who will go into another country and shell  its schools, send cruise missiles into its apartment buildings, target  artillery at its hospitals, you are not going to get away with that  easily.   And it sends a signal through that to the entire world of  kleptocracy, which extends beyond Russia, that your days of thievery  are numbered, we are going to have the resources to put rule of law  back in charge.    I can, indeed, Senator Graham. I can, indeed. And I  thank him for his persistent effort on this, and I thank our colleagues  in the House who have been very persistent on this, none more than  Congressman Malinowski of New Jersey.   