 Mr. Speaker, Fred and I met several years  ago. A mutual friend of ours by the name of Tom Marino had been elected  and then decided to leave the Congress. We were really fortunate  because the person who came in after Tom was Fred.   We formed kind of an instant friendship. I think a lot of it is  because of who raised us, because we oftentimes talk about family.   I was looking at different things that people have said over the  ages. This is Thomas Aquinas, over seven centuries ago, who summed up  what Western civilization understood to be the natural debt of  gratitude all human beings owe to God, family, and country.   Isn't that the truth for all of us? Who is it that we owe this  incredible life we have? Those who came before us.   We talked today, as we talk often. Mr. Speaker, 1\1/2\ million men  and women gave their lives. It wasn't so much that they gave time; they  gave  [[Page H8861]]  their lives in order for us to practice this incredible form of  government, this representative Republic.   People often get confused and talk about our democracy, our  democracy, our democracy. We are truly a Republic, and every voice gets  heard, every voice gets counted, and every person gets counted.   I think, for my friend and I, we spend a lot of time together. When I  look up in the gallery, his family is here.   Where is Camrie? Camrie, stand up, honey. You are so little, I can't  see you from down here. There she is.   She is my favorite source of energy. I have never seen a child with  the energy she has. But you realize, she is just an offshoot of her  grandma and grandpa.   Listen, we have had great fun together, but I think more than  anything else, when you come to Washington, if you have never been here  before, and you have not served the public before, one of the things  when you come to Washington that you are told right away is, if you  want a friend in Washington, get a dog.   Well, for me, it wasn't getting a dog. It was getting a chance to  serve with Fred Keller. We do a lot of things together, mostly talk  about family and faith and the opportunity we have to serve the people  who sent us.   It is never about me; it is always about we. It is never about us; it  is always about our families. It is about our wives. It is about our  children. It is about our parents and grandparents and aunts and  uncles.   You talk about your former employer so well that I feel I know Max.  Although we have never met or shook hands, just from the way you have  talked about him, I feel I know who he is, and I know how important he  was in the whole being of Fred Keller.   This is truly one of the most unselfish men I have ever known. He  doesn't come here for himself. He comes here for his family. He comes  here for the people he represents.   He comes here for those 1\1/2\ million men and women who have given  their lives to give us the opportunity to practice this incredible form  of government.   I know sometimes we get mixed up about what this is all about when we  sit here and say this is the people's House, with the emphasis on the  people. It is not Fred Keller's House. It is not   Mike Kelly's House.  It is not Virginia Foxx's. It is not Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks'. It  is about the people we represent, and each of us represents about  three-quarters of a million people.   I know that every week when we have the chance to come here and share  time together and share the opportunity to actually bring about  legislation, as do you, Mr. Speaker, we need to take a breather  sometimes and forget about all the hyperbole and think about all the  blessings we have because there is truly no place else in the world  like this. There never has been, but it is up to us to make sure it is  available for that next generation.   When I look up in the gallery, and I see Camrie up there, Fred  doesn't come here for Fred. Fred comes here for Camrie and for Karsen  and for all the other people he represents back in Pennsylvania.   I think that is the beauty of us, who are so fortunate and so honored  to serve, because it is not about us. It is about our constituents. It  is about all those who came before us.   I have to tell you, buddy. I hate to see you leave because we have  had a lot of fun together. We shared a lot of meals. We shared a lot of  stories.   You are great at entertaining my staff. They get bored with me from  time to time. They always say, boy, I hope Mr. Keller stops by today.   We have formed an incredible friendship. I have gotten to know Fred.  I have gotten to know his wife and his family. He is truly one of the  finest Americans you could ever be around.   It has been a wonderful time. It has been a wonderful life, not to  coin any famous movies that are a favorite, but I have to tell you that  it has been a great time, buddy.    The service you have given to God, to your family, and to your  country is immeasurable. We are going to miss you being here, but I  know this is not the end of the Fred Keller story.   I am a phone call away, brother. Any time you need me, I am a phone  call away. It has been a pleasure serving with you.   You have some fan favorites here with you that I think we should hear  from.   One of my all-time favorite people is Virginia Foxx, who is sitting  beside me. Dr. Foxx is one of a kind, and you know from serving on her  committee just how special she is.    Love you, too, buddy.   