 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman  from Ohio for yielding.   I have missed most of the debate on the floor. Mr. Jordan just made  reference to an item that bowls me over. You wonder after you have been  in Washington for a little while whether anything will surprise you.  Yes, Madam Speaker, that tweet by the pro-abortion group, Ruth Sent Us,  that identified Justice Barrett's church and identified the school that  her children attend and encouraged protestors to ``voice your anger''  by demonstrating there, is a new low.   Not just the identification of Justices' home addresses, which I  never thought we would see, not just the crowds materializing there,  which I never thought we would see, not just the appearance of an  assassin at the home of a Justice, which we have never seen, and yet,  the response is: What about January 6?   As the gentleman from Ohio made the point, I have never encountered  any Republican who declined to condemn the violence and rioting at the  Capitol that day. I have never found one. I have never heard one. And  yet, I never hear condemnation of such conduct as I have described from  Democrats. I might be missing it. I am not hearing it now. I am hearing  this, What about January 6?   I condemn the rioting and the violence at the Capitol on January 6.   I condemn the Democrat leader of the Senate standing in front of the  Supreme Court to say to two specific Justices that, You have released  the whirlwind. You will suffer the result. I don't remember the exact  words. And then what I do remember, the phrase that sticks in my mind:  ``You won't know what hit you if you go forward with these awful  decisions.'' I never hear condemnation for that. I don't know why.   I do think I know why this bill had to be delayed from last week when  we were here and could have passed it. That is because you want to  protect the leaker. That implies that although this has been pending  for a month and a half and the Nation doesn't know who the leaker is,  somebody knows who the leaker is; and that is who you want to protect,  amazing as that is, unprecedented as that is.   We certainly ought to pass this legislation and protect the Justices  of the United States Supreme Court from assassins, assassins responding  to the unprecedented advocacy on the left.   