 Mr. President, I thank the majority leader for those  comments and for his leadership on this and so much else, including the  subject that Senator Wyden and I will be talking about today: Social  Security.   I rise to discuss an issue that Senator Wyden and I have worked on,  and I am honored to be part of this with a Senator who began his career  active in the Gray Panthers. So his commitment to Social Security  almost goes back to almost before I was born, if I can say it that way.   Everything we do here--everything we do here--should come back to the  dignity of work; the idea that hard work should pay off for everybody  no matter who you are, no matter where you live, no matter what kind of  work you do to support yourself and your family.   When work has dignity, people always, always, always should have a  secure retirement. That means they can count on Medicare. It means they  can count on Social Security. It means we protect in this body--Senator  Markey has been very involved in this, too, as the Presiding Officer.  It means we protect people's pensions. It means people should make  enough to save.   It is why we saved--this body. I remember sitting here with Senator  Casey on March 6, 2021, and saying to him this was the best day of my  career, when we voted 51 to 50 to save the pensions of 100,000 people  in Ohio, over a million workers around the country, the same day we  passed the Child Tax Credit extension, which dropped the poverty rate  in this country by 40 percent.   It is why we still fight for the Delphi retirees who lost their  pensions through no fault of their own, through no wrongdoing of their  own, through no malfeasance or anything else of their own. They lost it  because the system didn't guarantee it. It is why we will always,  always fight back against attacks on Social Security. A secure  retirement should never be partisan.   Social Security and Medicare are two of the most popular and most  unifying institutions in the country.   Think back. We have had Social Security since the Roosevelt days. We  have had Medicare since the LBJ days--so 80, 90 years of Social  Security. The first Social Security check was in 1940 to a woman in  Vermont. We have had Social Security for 82 years.   Medicare, passed by a Democratic House and Senate, with some  Republican support joining President Johnson creating Medicare in the  1960s--again, two of the most popular and most unifying institutions in  the country.   Social Security is our government's promise to working men and women,  a promise they will be able to retire with dignity.   Support for Social Security among the voters, among the public, cuts  across party lines, geographic lines, racial lines. Almost everybody in  this country supports Social Security.   Americans want to not only protect Social Security and Medicare, but  they want to make it stronger.   I said almost everybody in the country supports Social Security and  Medicare. Well, Mr. President, as you know and Chairman Wyden of the  Finance  [[Page S5043]]  Committee knows, almost everybody except a whole lot of people who come  to the Senate and, down the hall, come to the House of Representatives  and think their mission is to privatize Social Security and privatize  Medicare.   So why do they do that?   Well, it is their answer to pay for everything. How can we afford  handouts to corporations? Well, the way to pay for it is to cut Social  Security and you privatize Medicare. How do you pay for tax cuts for  the wealthy? Well, you wipe out the retirement security of Americans.  You cut Social Security. You privatize Medicare. That is their answer,  time after time after time.   They don't really want to talk about it this close to an election. As  soon as this election is over, we know the crescendo; we know the loud  voices, again, from Senator Scott, the leader, who happens to also run  the Republican Senate Campaign Committee--the Senator from Florida who  is a freshman who believes that privatizing--that we should have to  renew Medicare and Social Security every 5 years. Like we don't want  anybody to feel comfortable or be able to plan for the future or to  feel, like, just secure in their retirement.   So it is always the same plan from the corporate elite and think-tank  extremists.   So when I said almost everybody, it was not quite fair to say it is  only Republican Senators and Republican House Members. It is also the  corporate elite, in many cases. It is the people at these rightwing  think tanks, funded by billionaires, who think this is some way that-- they come up with some new scheme to disguise their unpopular agenda:  privatize Social Security or means-testing Social Security. Whatever it  is, the plan is the same: to kill off Social Security.   This time it is Senator Rick Scott and Senate Republicans' plan to  terminate Social Security. As I said, they want to get rid of this  bedrock promise. It doesn't matter to them that most Americans support  Social Security.   That is why, this week, Senator Wyden, who, as I said, began his  activism as an activist for the Gray Panthers in Portland, OR; Senator  Casey, who sits next to me, one of the leaders in this Senate, a  Senator from Pennsylvania--he came to the Senate the same day I did-- who is one of the leaders of this Senate and on Senator  Wyden's committee to fight to affirm that Social Security should remain  a guarantee for every American whom we want because our government  should work for people, not against them.    When workers have dignity--when work has dignity, we honor the  retirement security people earned. It should be an easy decision.   I urge my Republican colleagues in this body--colleagues, frankly,  with healthcare and retirement plans paid for by taxpayers--we all have  that in this body--to think about the generations of Americans who have  benefited from Social Security and the generations to come who are  relying on the promise of Social Security.   I have listened to their speeches for years extolling the value of  hard work. I have heard some of them trying to run from their own plans  to end Social Security. But the American people are on to Senate  Republicans.   The American people watched as all 50 Republicans voted against or  essentially did nothing to solve the multiemployer pension crisis. They  are watching--a few exceptions. Senator Portman has been helpful on  this, on the bipartisan Delphi retiree fix, but many are trying to  block it.   The public watches as the Republican caucus tries to end Social  Security for good.   If the American people don't need to worry about the Republican  Senate plan to end Social Security, now is your chance to prove it.  This is your chance, by voting--this is your chance to live up to your  own words and cosponsor this resolution that Senator Wyden and I and  Senator Casey are leading.   Show Americans that if you work hard all your life, your government,  your Senator will be there for you and that you are not working in this  body to undermine the promise of Social Security.   Senator Wyden and I have worked together to protect Social Security  for years.   What is at stake with these attacks? Why do we need to show a united  commitment to Social Security in the U.S. Senate?   Senator Wyden.    Senator Wyden, would the Senator yield for one moment?    I would like to ask you this. You had said that Senator  Scott, who is the chairman of the Republican Senate campaign committee,  represents the third largest State in the country, Florida. He said he  wants to sunset? What exactly--just explain that so my colleagues  understand it. The word ``sunset'' doesn't sound so bad until you  really explain it. And I know Senator Markey understands it, but  explain that, if you would.    So he is saying then, so I understand this right. Senator  Scott, the chair of the Republican Senate campaign committee,  representing the third largest State in the country, is saying that  every 5 years, if the Senate doesn't say yes to Social Security and  Medicare, then they are unraveled and they die. It is up to the Senate  to say yes every 5 years?    So if there is a President and a Senate and a House in 5  years that want to privatize Medicare and Social Security, or a  President who wants to veto it, or a Senate leader, like Senator  McConnell, who has never really believed in it, they can do nothing.  They just do nothing. So it is up to the people who support Social  Security and Medicare to keep it going every 5 years. In other words,  the burden is on the supporters, the public--which is, to me, 90  percent of the public who likes this. So that is the way it works,  right?    Well, go back to that. You said ``a brand-new fight.'' I  am not a historian. I like reading history, but I know enough about  Medicare because I care a lot about the history, as you do, of that-- and Senator Markey and others and Senator Leahy, who is on the floor  about it too.   President Truman wanted to enact Medicare, but he couldn't get the  Congress to do it. And then President Kennedy wanted to enact Medicare,  and he couldn't get Congress to do it. It probably took the Kennedy  assassination and all that was happening to sort of light the fire  under Congress to pass Medicare.   So you would need that kind of political will. In other words, it  took almost 20 years to pass Medicare. So if Medicare were to expire,  you would need a huge public wave with elected officials who want to do  it to get it back, in effect.    Let me ask another question. So if Senator Scott gets his  way or Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, gets his way, and all  the new candidates Senator Scott is helping to get elected, if they get  their way and pass Senator Scott's bill to sunset, would Senator Scott  still have government healthcare and a government pension?    Thank you, Senator Wyden. And I will yield back my time in  30 seconds.   Mr. President, thank you for your indulgence. Senator Leahy will be  speaking in a moment. And, Senator Leahy, chairman of the Finance  Committee, we are just asking for cosponsors. We have a number of  colleagues that have cosponsored this to make sure that Social Security  is with us--a strong, good  [[Page S5045]]  Social Security system--as long as we are a nation.   I yield the floor.   