 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition  to the so-called Respect for Marriage Act. Honestly, this bill should  be called the disrespect for marriage act.   This bill certainly disrespects God's definition of marriage, a  definition that has served His creation well for more than 5,000 years  of recorded history. And His definition is the only one that really  matters.   This bill would codify into Federal law the Supreme Court's wrongly  decided Obergefell decision and ensure that the marriage laws in the  most liberal State--irrespective of how more radical they might become  in the future, think polygamy, bestiality, child marriage, or  whatever--must be legally recognized in all States.   It was wrong when the Supreme Court made law in the Obergefell  decision requiring that the marriage law in Massachusetts had to become  the law of the whole country when Massachusetts approved gay marriage.   This was overriding the will of the people and their elected  Representatives as no other State to that point had been able to pass  through referendum or State legislature a gay marriage law.   The fact is that traditional, biblical marriage is the foundation of  a strong society and a strong culture.  [[Page H8830]]    I will say it once again: almost everything that plagues our society  is a failure to follow God's design for marriage, morality, and the  family. The perfect, omniscient, and immutable God knows what He is  doing.   But this legislation repeals the correct definition of marriage in  Federal code and requires the Federal Government to recognize any  marriage if the marriage was valid in the State where it was performed.   Perhaps even worse, this bill eliminates all religious freedom  protections for churches or other faith-based organizations and  requires everyone to participate in and recognize gay marriage.   It empowers the IRS with their newly hired 87,000 agents who  apparently need something to do to go after the religious institutions  that simply seek to operate according to their beliefs. In fact, the  bill does nothing to prevent the IRS from attacking and harming the  religious organizations that have made an incredible impact in our  communities across our Nation.   It is simply designed to undermine marriage as a union between one  man and one woman. God's perfect design is, indeed, marriage between  one man and one woman for life, and it doesn't matter what you think or  what I think. That is what the Bible says.   This proposal is yet another Democrat attempt to undermine the  fundamental values which formed our Nation and continue to hold our  country together: recognition of the institution of marriage as between  one man and one woman and respect for the freedom to operate according  to your sincerely held religious beliefs.   The legislation we are considering today is a sobering indication of  the erosion of the moral values that made this Nation great.   As President Reagan once said: ``America is great because America is  good, and if America ever ceases to be good, America will cease to be  great.''   All great nations in societies fall from within. With Democrats  threatening all sense of values and decency and family today by  sexualizing kids in school, redefining sex and gender, and trans- surgery and mutilation of minors, it makes no sense for any Republican  to support their efforts to codify their views on marriage.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues in this body to join me in  strongly opposing this bill.   