 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose the  previous question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 7690 to  defund the Biden administration's recently announced Disinformation  Governance Board.   Madam Speaker, the Biden administration's decision to create this  board is dystopian in design and should be doomed right from the start.   Madam Speaker, the Disinformation Governance Board should be defunded  for one obvious reason. It is not only Orwellian, as everyone has said,  but it is clearly unconstitutional. In America, we don't allow  bureaucrats and government officials to choose what speech is deemed  acceptable or censor and silence viewpoints they dislike.   This fundamental principle of our law must always be vigorously  defended to preserve our freedom and to keep the government in check. I  used to defend this principle in the Federal courts before I was  elected to Congress, and I am so encouraged to work with so many  colleagues, at least on this side of the aisle here, who are also  fiercely committed to this cause.   Let's put this simply: There is zero role for the Federal Government  in determining what constitutes true speech. But while we have  everybody's attention, let's just recap this real quickly.   This Disinformation Governance Board will be housed within the  Department of Homeland Security. It was just announced by ambush, very  abruptly, by Secretary Mayorkas. There is no information about its  budget. There is no information provided to us about the scope of its  work, no information about how it will be kept accountable. Basically,  there are no details at all. Remember, this is from the same  administration that wants to spy on parents who speak up at school  board meetings and spy on our bank accounts. This governance board is a  glaring example of mission creep, and even its name is creepy.   Here is what we do know, Madam Speaker: The board is supposed to be  headed by a young woman by the name of Nina Jankowicz, who refers to  herself--no kidding--as the Mary Poppins of disinformation.   Miss Poppins is herself a frequent purveyor of untruths, such as  calling the New York Post's report on Hunter Biden's laptop a ``Russian  influence op'' and promoting the false claim that the Steele dossier  was ``Republican opposition research.'' She also appears sympathetic to  the cause of censorship because she told NPR recently that she  shudders--that is her word--to think about a country where free speech  absolutists, again quoting her, were taking over more platforms. She  recommended that law enforcement and legislatures do more to censor  Americans.   To help her hit the ground running in doing what is certain to be a  short stint in this job, here is what we suggest: She ought to check  out the recent  [[Page H4769]]  falsehoods from her own administration.   Here is a hit list:   The falsehood that Secretary Mayorkas has done an ``effective job''  managing the border crisis and that it is somehow secure. He said that  under oath here a couple weeks ago.   The falsehood that economic contraction in Quarter 1 of this year is  actually just masking some hidden, broad economic resiliency.   The falsehood that Biden's $3.5 trillion spending bill actually cost  zero dollars.   The falsehood that inflation is a high-class problem, as they told  us.   The falsehood that 70 percent of our current inflation is being  caused by Vladimir Putin.    You get the point.   The problem with the government appointing itself as the arbiter of  truth is that it is often the government itself that often engages in  spin and untruth.    Madam Speaker, if the Biden administration  was itself a beacon of truth, this board would still be  unconstitutional. I would tell my colleagues, if this was being  proposed by a Republican administration, we would be fighting it just  as vociferously.   I do find it noteworthy, however, that those who seem the most  preoccupied with censoring Americans and policing disinformation are so  often themselves the worst offenders at spreading it.   Again, here is the bottom line: The government has no role whatsoever  in determining what constitutes truth or acceptable speech.   President Biden should dissolve this board immediately and entirely;  and if he won't, Republicans will.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question so we  may amend the rule to provide for immediate consideration of my  legislation to defund the DHS Disinformation Governance Board.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mrs. Murphy of Florida, and Mr. Higgins of New  York be removed as cosponsors of H.R. 7648.   