 Mr. Speaker, it is very interesting where we  find ourselves right now. Just a few years ago--in fact, within the  last year--we have advocated for banning Russian oil. We have advocated  for it. Guess who has opposed it, on the record, voting against banning  Russian oil? It is a really interesting place where we find ourselves  where, all of a sudden, things have turned and folks have realized, oh,  my goodness, we have got to change our position, we have got to flip- flop, and we now have to ban Russian oil.   Mr. Speaker, look at the policies of this administration. Look at the  policies of my friends on the other side of the aisle. We have seen  record high prices, we have seen record increases in greenhouse gas  emissions, and we have seen record energy insecurity as a result of  these policies.   We have letters from Democrat Members of Congress to the  administration begging them to work with OPEC Plus nations to increase  their oil and gas production. We have had a more than doubling of our  importation of crude oil from Russia under this administration.   The administration's failed policies have limited us to what they  will tell you are two options and only two options. We can either buy  Russian oil and fund the aggression of Putin into Ukraine, or we can  pay higher prices in the United States.   This bill fails to address the underlying problem and actually  provide a solution.   Mr. Speaker, you have seen these administration officials. Who are  they talking to right now to backfill their production from Russia? Who  are they talking to? They are talking to Venezuela. They are talking to  Iran. They are talking to the Saudis. We are going to find ourselves  right back in this situation.   The good news is, we have a solution for you. We can actually do what  the President said in this very Chamber last week. We can buy American.  We can buy American energy. Let's buy American energy, not Saudi, not  Venezuela, not Russian. Let's buy American energy, because we have 38  billion barrels of oil we can produce here and trillions of cubic feet  of natural gas.    We can do it safer here. We can do it cleaner here. That is what the  motion to recommit allows. It allows us to unleash American energy  opportunities, to unleash jobs in America, to unleash opportunities for  Americans to go back to work and unleash the economic activity  associated with it.   We can export liquefied natural gas from America to our allies in  Europe and not have them 40 percent dependent upon energy from Russia,  from Vladimir Putin continuing to this day to fund his activities  attacking Ukraine and causing human rights violations all over that  country.   I want to remind you, Mr. Speaker, it was President Biden that lifted  the sanctions that effectively facilitated the Nord Stream 2 pipeline,  and it was President Biden who more than doubled the importation of  crude oil from Russia.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the motion to recommit.   