 Madam President, I stand in solidarity with my friend  from Kansas. I say to Senator Moran: Thank you for your great  leadership and for allowing me to be your wingman as we do our best,  not just to save the Postal Service, but to make sure that they are  robust and germane to the futures--germane to the future and integral  to the future of our country as they have been for the last 200-plus  years.   When folks in Delaware gathered--we had about 25 men who gathered in  a place called Dover, DE, on December 7, 1787. We voted, after debating  for 3 days a draft Constitution. We adopted it unanimously and sent it  off to the other 12 Colonies.   One element in the Constitution that was sent to us from Philadelphia  by our Founding Fathers was the creation of a Postal Service--a Postal  Service. It has been mentioned before that the first Postmaster General  was Ben Franklin, of all people. What the Founding Fathers had in mind  was a way to bind us together as a country--to bind us together as a  country. The idea of being able to communicate through the mail, that  was important; the idea of fostering greater economic growth, that was  important. But they also were looking for a way to pull us together as  a new nation, and the Postal Service was integral to doing that.  [[Page S1041]]    Over the years, the Postal Service has changed. For the most part, I  think it has changed in good ways. It used to be people got their mail  by going to post offices that were maybe in the community where they  lived or close to the community where they lived, but they had to go to  the post office to get it.   Eventually, the mail was delivered to farms and to homes and to  businesses across the country, and people didn't have to leave their  homes to get the mail. There was a time, not that long ago, when we  didn't have the internet, and if we wanted to communicate--we wanted to  send letters to people or cards to people, a lot of gifts to people--we  would use the Postal Service.   Today, we can use the internet. The internet doth taketh from the  Postal Service--taketh and giveth away. A lot of folks, well, they just  hit a ``send'' button for a birthday card or a Christmas card or any  kind of holiday card. They used to send the actual cards; a lot of  people don't do that anymore.   If you look at the financial condition of the Postal Service, one of  the things that has happened most noticeably in the last 10, 15, 20  years is a drop in first class mail, and a large part of that is from  the internet. I would like to say again the internet taketh and it  giveth away.   One of the great things that comes out of the internet is that a lot  of people are ordering items over the internet for purchase. A lot of  people order food, but a lot of people order clothes; they order shoes;  they order all kinds of things. And you know who has a chance to  deliver it? The Postal Service. The Postal Service delivers, not just 1  day a week, but 7 days a week. They are omnipresent.   And as we hear Johnny Cash--every time I turn on my TV, I hear Johnny  Cash singing ``I've Been Everywhere, Man,'' and the Postal Service  still goes everywhere, man.   They also have a great partnership with--believe it or not--UPS and a  great partnership with FedEx. FedEx and UPS, they don't want to go to  every mailbox in the country every day. The Postal Service does it at  least 6 days a week. And what the Postal Service does in a partnership  with UPS and FedEx is take a handoff and deliver the last mile, last 5  miles, last 10 miles to the places that the Postal Service is going to  go to anyway.   I mean, one of the challenges that the Postal Service has had to try  to balance their books, their finances, comes--I remember when I was  Governor of Delaware and going to the rating agencies, and the rating  agencies said to us--before they lowered our credit rating a long time  ago--they said: You don't have a pension fund. You haven't funded your  pension costs for your pensioners. And so we created a pension fund  fully funded.   After we had done that--later on, we finally got a AAA credit rating  years later. One of the things they said is: You still haven't fully  offset the healthcare costs for your pensioners. For us, that was a  concern, but not an enormous concern, because our pensioners had  access--they were covered under Medicare.   Unfortunately, for the Postal Service--the Postal Service has paid  into Medicare for years for their employees. Unfortunately, when those  retirees reach the age of 65, they don't have full access to the full  benefits of Medicare. That is not right. These are benefits paid for by  the employee of the Postal Service, and this legislation fixes that to  make sure that the right thing is done. The benefits that have been  paid for through Medicare are actually inured to and flow to the  pensioners of the Postal Service.   The other thing that I would mention is 6-day service. I used to  see--good service by the Postal Service would be maybe 1-day service  for local maybe in the same city, 2-day service maybe to other parts of  the State, 3-day service coast-to-coast; and the legislation that is  before us today calls for delivery within 6 days. For me, that is not  good enough, and my hope is we can come back and somehow better replace  or better restore the term service.   Having said that, the Postal Service has a Board of Governors; and  every now and then, Presidents have the opportunity to nominate people  to serve on the Board of Governors. We have the opportunity to vote  them up or down. We need people on the Board of Governors who are very  good at figuring out: How do we help the Postal Service monetize the  burden of going to every single mailbox in the country 6 days a week?  How do we do that? How do we help the Postal Service turn that into  financial opportunity, much as they have with UPS and FedEx? And are  there other ways, as well? Delivering medicines is a great example  there, and there are other examples--vote by mail. I think we are only  scratching the surface on vote by mail. Those are all ideas that help  the Postal Service monetize and realize revenue from this  responsibility to go to every mailbox in the country.    One last thing I would mention that is not in this legislation is  postal vehicles--postal vehicles. There are a bunch of them--I think  well over 150,000 across the country. Almost every one is gas- and  diesel-driven.   You have seen others--UPS, FedEx, Amazon, others with big fleets--are  transitioning away from gas and diesel, and they are doing it rather  quickly. We are seeing the same kind of transformation in the vehicles  that we drive. Why is it important? Because we have way, way, way too  much carbon dioxide in the air. It is creating not just climate change,  but it is creating a climate crisis.   My State--we are the lowest lying State in the country. My State is  sinking. The seas around us are rising. Down in Louisiana, every 100  minutes, they lose a piece of land to the ocean the size of a football  field--every 100 minutes. If you go out on the West Coast, you had  wildfires each year--last year bigger than my State. Temperatures in  the Arctic Circle reached, I think, last year, 90 degrees--90 degrees.  There were more named hurricanes in the last year than any year in  history. The hottest summers on record.   Something is going on here, and what it is, is way too much carbon in  the air. A lot of that carbon is coming from mobile sources, including  the vehicles we drive, including the fleets like the Postal fleet. The  Postal Service's fleet is about 25 years old on average. They have the  opportunity here to update that. The cost of moving to electric  vehicles and having charging stations is a cost that the Postal Service  says--I think somewhat generously--that we, as taxpayers, need to help  underwrite that cost.   Having said that, the Postal Service and their calculation for buying  gas and diesel-fired vehicles to replace their fleet, I believe--my  understanding is they are using, as an assumption for the cost of gas  and diesel fleet, $2 a gallon charge for gas and diesel going forward-- $2. We would like to see $2, wouldn't we? That is just basically  understating by half the cost of gas and diesel for future of the  fleet, and that needs to be fixed.   We have a great opportunity to make sure that the Postal Service is  not just delivering the mail rain, snow, or shine, but they are also  doing so in a way that helps us on the climate crisis side. We can do  both, and we need to do both.   I will close by saying this: I want to thank and applaud the  leadership of our chair and ranking member of the committee of  jurisdiction here--our chair, Gary Peters, and ranking member, Rob  Portman. Thank you and your staffs for your work on this and for a lot  of other folks who have worked on this before--most certainly, Jerry  Moran and his team.   I especially want to thank the members of my staff who have worked on  these issues forever.   And my friend Susan Collins--Susan is not on the floor right now, our  Senator from Maine--but she has spent, God knows, plenty of time and  effort working with me and others on these issues.   This is not the end. This is not the end in terms of what we need to  do on Postal. This is maybe the beginning of the end; this the end of  the beginning, but it is a good end of the beginning. We need to build  on this and go forward on this, and I hope and pray that that is  exactly what we do.   I yield the floor.   