 Madam Speaker, President Biden ran his campaign on a  message of unity. Since day one of his administration, he has been  defined by the divisive policies that are the wrong  [[Page H243]]  approach for Tennessee families and workers.   In 2021, we saw cartels take control of our southern border. We saw  the worst inflation in decades. We saw Afghanistan fall into the hands  of terrorists as we hastily and incompetently withdrew our forces from  the country, leaving billions of dollars of modern military equipment  and hundreds of Americans and Afghan allies behind. Finally, we saw  abusive government overreach in the form of vaccine mandates taken to  new heights.   With President Biden in the White House and Democrats in control of  Congress, Americans know 2022 will be no better. According to a recent  Momentive Poll, more than half of Americans are more fearful than  hopeful about what 2022 has in store for them and with good reason.   Just take a glimpse at the state of our economy. The Consumer Price  Index rose 7 percent in December, the highest rate seen since 1982.  This comes on the heels of President Biden's reckless spending agenda  and senseless policies that have created a labor shortage; led to a  decline in real, personal income; raised costs of consumer goods, gas,  and home heating costs; and contributed to the supply chain disruptions  that are causing drastic shortages and bare shelves across America.   Madam Speaker, this is President Joe Biden's version of America. It  is costing Tennesseans more each day. President Biden can try to talk  around it. He often refuses to talk about it at all. The reality  remains the same. His administration's policies have been devastating  to this Nation. More than ever, Americans want America-first  leadership.   Madam Speaker, as we begin the first days of 2022, I remain steadfast  in my commitment to focus on the needs of the good folks of Tennessee  who I represent, not the whims of the permanent class of political  elites in Washington D.C.   