 Mr. President, this has been an interesting day of debate.  It actually feels good to hear people really speak on an issue. As  President pro tempore, I sat in that chair where my distinguished  friend from Maine is sitting now as Presiding Officer. I sat there for  hours today and listened to the debate and heard many I found extremely  good and then I heard some others. But I appreciate the fact that I had  the opportunity, as President pro tempore, to hear so many of the  Senators of both parties speak.   You know, I spoke yesterday about protecting everyone's vote on the  ballot and how important that is. I know that because in my own State  of Vermont, when I first ran, it was a very Republican State. I have  been on the ballot, between my time as State's attorney and Senator,  between primaries and general elections--I have been on the ballot in  Vermont 24 times. I never questioned that the ballots would be counted  accurately and honestly, even though, in several of the elections, 80  to 90 percent of the people counting the ballots were the town clerks,  and they were Republicans.   So after those 24 times, I think I have some idea of how the Senate  works, and I can also say that with seniority comes a bit of  experience. This is my 48th year here in the U.S. Senate, having been  elected by those same Vermonters whom I praise for the way they  protected the sanctity of the ballot 48 times. I am still the only  Democrat sent to the U.S. Senate by the voters of Vermont.   I have become the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, the  former chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary and Agriculture  Committees, and then honored three times to be elected as President pro  tempore. So let me just take a couple minutes of your indulgence to  talk about what the Senate was, what it has become, and what it can be  again.   I think my experience qualifies me to say that. My conscience compels  me to say that. We, each of us, stand on the shoulders of giants. The  Senators from across the political spectrum and from around this Nation  who forged a path for America, they met the moment of the time not with  timidity or fear but with action and with decisiveness. Now, was the  road taken an easy one? No. Was the struggle short? No. But was it  worth the sacrifice, the dedication, the commitment, and, yes, the  compromise, to meet it? Of course.   But before the Senate today is the issue that is at the heart of our  very government, the right to vote--the one thing we can hold sacred,  no matter what party we belong to, the right to vote.   Time and time again, the Constitution has been amended to expand the  right to vote, not to restrict it but to expand it. Look at the 15th  Amendment, the 19th, the 24th, the 26th. These each gave greater access  to the ballot box for Americans; it furthered the shared goals that  ours be the most inclusive and most democratic Nation on Earth.   But today, we do have a scourge of laws--no matter what we say on the  floor, the facts are we have a scourge of laws making their way through  partisan legislatures across the country. They roll back the tides of  time, ruining the most fundamental right, all at a time when technology  and pure common sense should tell us that voting should be a lot more  accessible than it is and coupled with a challenge from the Supreme  Court that the Congress affirmatively act. Remember, the Supreme Court  said why doesn't Congress step in and act to restore the long  bipartisan Voting Rights Act. There is no more important time than now  for us to meaningfully address this constitutional right, this  foundational right.   Now, there are some honest questions to ask here of ourselves and  each other. Do we really want to make it more difficult for Americans  to vote legally and safely?   Is that what democracy means to you, to me? Do we really want to  allow States to make it more difficult for blue-collar workers or the  poor or the disadvantaged to vote, when the great advances of time and  technology are there where you can easily make it easier--easier--to  vote, not more difficult.   Are we really going to turn back the clock to an era where State and  local jurisdictions can blatantly discriminate against certain voters-- yes, people of color and minority populations--by simply rigging the  systems of voting or counting or changing the map, to erase the  progress of generations and make meaningless the fight of lions like  John Lewis, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and so many others? Is that  really what we stand for in this century? Were we elected by our  constituents to flatly obstruct any action in this body simply because  our party is not in the majority or were we elected to tacitly agree  with a prescribed agenda? The Senate and those who stand in it owe more  to our constituents and to this Nation than blind party loyalty. We owe  it to the Nation to do what is right. We owe it to our conscience to do  what is right. Partisan disagreements, divisions, and stalemates dot  the pages of our young Nation's history when you go back and read it,  but it is the moments of bipartisanship that punctuate it.    So I would ask a question of our two leaders.   Mr. Majority Leader, should we not have a debate, a real debate, on  these issues, with amendments, unbound by deadlines or time limits?   In answer to that, I also ask of the minority leader: Do we not have  an obligation to Americans, to your constituents and mine, to at least  talk about these issues, offer honest and meaningful proposals, and  then vote them up or vote them down?   Are we not intended to be the greatest deliberative body in the  world? It probably was when I came here, but these days, we surely are  not.   History will remember this moment--a moment when we stood for the  foundational right of our democracy--the right to vote--or we stood  against it. Long have I said on this floor that the conscience of the  Nation rests in the U.S. Senate--or it should. Today, we--each of us  who has sworn to uphold the Constitution as a Member of this great  body--must examine our own conscience. We must decide whether it will  be the politics of exclusion or the justice of inclusion that will be  the indelible mark of the 117th Congress, and we must decide if the  Senate envisioned by our Founders can be restored.   The giants, the lions of the Senate, are the Members who rise above  to meet these moments and who have the courage to do what is right. If  our jobs were easy, anyone could do them, but throughout history, fewer  than 2,000 Americans have had the honor, the privilege, and the  responsibility to hold the title of ``U.S. Senator.''   I have been proud to serve with one out of every five of those  Senators--some I agreed with, some I disagreed with. But I can say  this: We, the 100 here today, are caretakers of a legacy far greater  than our own. We shoulder the responsibility of a nation--a nation  founded under the principle that governments are instituted among their  people, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.   I fear that, if we let this moment--this pivotal moment--pass us by  with no debate, no action, and no advancement, we will not only be  derelict in our duty, but we will betray the very oath we swore when we  stood in front of the desk at which the Presiding Officer is sitting  and pledged to defend the Constitution and to continue the endless goal  of forming a more perfect Union.   We should pass the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act, but we should  at the very least have the courage to debate it.   I feel such privilege in serving Vermont. I feel such privilege to  have been on the ballot 24 times in our State because I can always  trust that everybody who wanted to vote could.   Today, we have the technology and the ability to have far more people  [[Page S331]]  vote. Don't we owe it to this country and don't we owe it to our oath  of office to do that?   I yield the floor.   