 Madam Speaker, I am going to miss this 1 minute, let me  tell you that.   This bill was passed with a very bipartisan vote in this House this  past July. I rise in strong support of the Respect for Marriage Act,  which this bill has been slightly amended and sent to us.   Like many Americans across the country, I was sickened and deeply  sorry by the violent attack on an  [[Page H8834]]  LGBTQ+ nightclub in Colorado Springs just a few weeks ago. It was a  manifestation of hate, a manifestation of prejudice, a manifestation of  bigotry, a manifestation of thinking one is better than the other, that  somehow we are not all equal in the eyes of our Constitution and in the  eyes of God.   It was a somber reminder of how safe spaces still are not safe for so  many. One of the Club Q survivors, a young man named Anthony, said that  as he lay wounded on the floor his first thought--not surprisingly,  which he believed may be his last thought--was of his husband of 14  years, Jeremy.   What the Justices said some years ago and what we have said in our  legislation is that who you love is your choice. One of the first votes  I cast in the Maryland State Senate in 1967 was the repeal of the  miscegenation statute. The Supreme Court, that same year, had ruled  that unconstitutional. That because a Black male wanted to marry a  White woman or a White woman wanted to marry a Black male or an Asian  or of some other ethnicity or race, that somehow we would interpose our  own judgment denying that all people are created equal, endowed by  their creator--not by us, not by the Constitution--by their creator  with certain unalienable rights, among these are life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness. Certainly, the pursuit of happiness means that  you can love whom you chose.    The love that Anthony felt for his husband in that moment reflected a  basic emotional instinct that makes us all human.   Madam Speaker, I rise today for the millions of people like Anthony  and Jeremy who deserve to continue living proudly and happily and  safely in same-sex and interracial marriages.   In doing so, I stand for all Americans who cherish the liberty,  equality, and justice promised to them under our Constitution.   Last summer, the Supreme Court, largely the Republican faction of the  Supreme Court--they will resent that phrase, I am sure--violated that  sacred promise with their radical ruling in Dobbs v. Jackson, breaking  nearly 50 years of precedent, contrary to what some of those Justices  said to the United States Senate their premise would be. They deprived  women of their constitutional right to reproductive healthcare, to  control their own bodies, the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit  of happiness.   In the process, they also opened the door for future challenges to  Obergefell v. Hodges, United States v. Windsor, and Loving v. Virginia,  which dealt with you couldn't marry a person of another color.   The Obergefell and Windsor precedents protecting same-sex marriage  have stood for 7 and 9 years respectively, not the half a century that  the others had, but the same proposition. It is not your business. I am  shocked that conservatives who have a libertarian bent believe that  somehow we ought to get involved in this.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this.   I remember the most conservative member of the State Senate, in which  I served for 12 years, got up in talking about a woman's right to  choose, and said: It is not my business. It is not government's  business. It is not the legislators' business. It is my business. It is  her business.   The Loving precedent protecting interracial marriage has stood for 55  years. Justice Thomas perhaps would opine that it is not a right that  is found in the Constitution.   After the Supreme Court disregarded decades of precedent to overturn  Roe v. Wade, we have no reason to expect it won't do the same to  marriage equality. We believe that all men are created equal and all  women, and men and women together.   Americans have grown accustomed to knowing that they have a  constitutional right to equal marriage. Those living in same-sex and  interracial marriages should not have to live with the fear that their  government could rescind legal recognition of their families at any  moment. That is not America. That is not content of character, as  Martin Luther King urged us to pursue--character.   They must be able to live confidently, knowing that their marriages  will be recognized wherever they go in America--no matter the city,  county, or State.   Our Democratic House majority knows that no State ought to be able to  deny full faith and credit to legal marriage between consenting  American adults, and a lot of Republicans agree with us.   This is not a partisan issue. I hope it is not a partisan issue in  this vote. It certainly was not a partisan issue when we passed it to  the Senate. It was not a partisan vote in the United States Senate.   We know the best way to protect that most basic right to marriage  equality is to enshrine it in Federal statute. That is why we took  swift action last summer to pass the Respect for Marriage Act through  the House and why I am proud to bring it to the floor again today.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler and the staff of the  committee. I thank Representative Cicilline and all the co-chairs of  the LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus. This is not a caucus issue; this is a  country issue. This is a constitutional issue. This is a fairness  issue. This is justice for all.   I thank Chairman Ruiz and the Democratic Caucus chairman, Mr.  Jeffries, who has been very involved in this bill, and Chairwoman  Beatty, they all have worked hard on this bill.   Similarly, I appreciate the House Republicans who joined us in  supporting this bill--a significant number of House Republicans. I  would hope that all Republicans would do it on the theory that this is  not our business, that people are free to make their own decisions, not  the government making these decisions.   I also thank the 62 Senators, including 12 Republicans that came  together to advance this critical legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, all  435 of us, to stand up and say this is a free country. It is a country  that believes in equality for all. This is a country that the  representatives of our Constitution, our Declaration, and of our laws  would stand up united in saying: You are free to love who you choose.  It is not our choice.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I just want to make clear, the gentleman  indicated that we did nothing. The Justices of the Supreme Court had  full protection. The issue was the families and the families of  Members, but it ought to be on the public record that  [[Page H8835]]  the Supreme Court Members were protected.    If the gentleman will continue to yield, you represented  that the Justices were unprotected. That is not accurate, sir.   