 Mr. President, I rise to address three different topics,  if I might.   First, this week, the Senate of the United States did something  important, something that is genuinely a big deal. We ratified a  treaty. This is something we don't do often enough, and it bears  repeating what this Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol is.   By a vote of 69 to 27, a big bipartisan vote, this Senate ratified a  treaty that will reduce global warming by a full degree Fahrenheit-- something critical to the future of the planet--and we do it in a way  that is a win for American manufacturing, a win for American exports,  and a win for our planet and creation.   Some of you may remember, a long time ago, we discovered a problem--a  growing hole in the ozone layer that was being caused by propellants,  by CFCs. So the world came together to eliminate CFCs and replace them  with a new generation of artificial propellants and refrigerants known  as HFCs.    That was good news. The hole in the ozone layer had largely been  addressed, and the threat of skin cancer and being bombarded by  radiation that that posed was largely resolved. Yet, this next  generation of chemicals, HFCs, had an unexpected additional problem.  They are 1,000 times worse for global warming, for climate change, than  carbon dioxide, so much so--and they are so broadly used in every  industrial setting--that it has led to a rapid increase in global  warming.   Well, the solution was actually invented in Delaware. It is the next  generation of chemicals that is much less harmful to the climate and to  the environment, effective as a refrigerant, being manufactured now in  places across the United States, and that, if exported to the rest of  the world, can grow thousands of manufacturing jobs.   I just wanted to take a moment and celebrate. The projections are  there will be as many as 33,000 new manufacturing jobs in the United  States, some in my home State of Delaware but spread across the  country; over $1 billion in new exports that will impact just this year  the American economy because of this; and a 25-percent increase in the  exports of American-made refrigerators and air-conditioners and so  forth.   This was a rare moment of bipartisan consensus where we were able to  come together and address a global challenge and create more  opportunity here at home, and I thought it bore some celebration as we  conclude this week.   Mr. President, earlier this week, our President, Joe Biden, stood  before the world at the United Nations General Assembly and continued  his forceful, clear, and strong effort to call on the world to enforce  the U.N. Charter and to push back on Russia's brutal invasion of  Ukraine.   Since February, when Putin's forces swept into Ukraine and threatened  to overrun the entire country, the West has pulled together, and allies  and supporters of the Ukrainian people from around the world have  imposed sanctions on Russia and Russian oligarchs; have provided  funding and support and assistance to millions of Ukrainian refugees  who have flooded throughout the rest of the world; and, critically,  have provided financial support for the men and women of the Ukrainian  Armed Forces, who just in recent days made a dramatic breakout in  northern Ukraine, recapturing an area the size of Delaware--more than  3,000 square miles--in a rapid advance east of Kharkiv.   President Biden has asked this body, in a bill we will take up in  just a few days, to provide $11.7 billion in additional support for  Ukraine. The Presiding Officer and I are appropriators, and we know how  precious the resources of the American people are. And I am grateful  that, on a broad bipartisan basis, we have provided tens of billions of  dollars in humanitarian relief for refugees, in support for the  Government of Ukraine, and in critically needed military support for  the Ukrainian Armed Forces.   It is because the Biden administration has delivered the most  advanced and targeted long-range artillery systems we have, called  HIMARS, that  [[Page S4956]]  suddenly the Ukrainians are making real advances on the battlefield. We  must continue this critical support.   President Zelenskyy has pulled together and mobilized the Ukrainian  people in a remarkable show of determination, a fierce resistance.  Despite being badly outnumbered by a much greater military force with  advanced and sophisticated weaponry, Ukrainians have fought bravely and  with enormous determination. They deserve our continued support.   In just recent weeks, there have been some real signs of progress in  opening the Black Sea ports of Ukraine so that grain can be exported to  a dozen hungry countries, in making progress on prisoner-of-war  exchanges between the Russians and the Ukrainians, and in protests in  Russia.   In an act of desperation, President Putin has called up hundreds of  thousands of reservists in a mobilization to try to push back against  Ukrainian forces. Russia is losing this fight. They are losing on the  ground in Ukraine; they are losing in the court of public opinion; and  they are losing strategically.   My entire life, we had thought it was unlikely that Sweden or Finland  would ever join NATO--the most successful multilateral security  arrangement we have ever engaged in as a nation--but because of  Russia's aggression against Ukraine now, both Sweden and Finland are  seeking admission to NATO. This body acted quickly to ratify their  admission to NATO, and we are down to just a few countries.   In New York, I had a chance to meet with President Erdogan of Turkey  to convey to him both our appreciation of his help in getting the grain  out of the Black Sea ports of Ukraine but the urgency of expanding NATO  to secure it against further Russian aggression.   It is my hope that we will move quickly as a united NATO alliance and  that we here in this body will act quickly to provide the additional  assistance to the Ukrainian people, government, and armed forces that  our President has sought.   Earlier today, we took up a vote on the DISCLOSE Act. Since 2010,  when the Supreme Court of the United States issued an ill-conceived  opinion in the case of Citizens United, we have seen a flood of dark  money steadily become more and more pernicious in its impact on our  politics and our policies.   Here in Washington and now around the country, wealthy individuals,  corporations, and shadowy special interest groups have contributed  hundreds of millions--now billions of dollars across several election  cycles that have undermined the integrity and fairness of our elections  that are at the very heart of our democracy.   This bill would do a simple thing. It would require full disclosure  of all corporations, trade associations, nonprofits engaging in  electioneering. They would have to disclose any donors of $10,000 or  more over any 2-year period. It wouldn't solve all the problems created  by Citizens United, but sunshine is the best disinfectant, and it would  allow the American people to know who is truly behind the dark money- funded ads that now bombard citizens in competitive elections around  our country.   Tragically, it was a straight party-line vote today, and we were not  able to proceed to take up and vote on the DISCLOSE Act. In the end,  one party continues to defend the practice of dark money flooding our  elections, while another is seeking to open up clarity for the general  public and our electorate on who is giving money to whom. We should  have had a vote on the DISCLOSE Act. Instead we failed to get to that  bill because we could not get in this Chamber 60 votes to move ahead.   It is my hope that the American people are paying attention and  realize on whose side we are on in this fight over transparency in our  elections.   With that, Mr. President, I offer my thanks.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Michigan.   