 Madam President, reserving the right to object,  the Biden administration has failed to properly oversee the Pan  American Health Organization, or PAHO.   President Biden and Secretary Blinken know that PAHO has cooperated  with the communist regime in Cuba to traffic doctors overseas, and they  know there are Cuban doctors who are trying to sue PAHO and hold  traffickers accountable.   Here are the facts. In July 2013, the Cuban Ministry of Health signed  an agreement with the Brazilian Ministry of Health to formalize an  arrangement for Cuban doctors to provide medical services in Brazil.   That agreement required the administration of former Brazilian  President Dilma Rousseff to transmit a monthly payment through PAHO to  the Cuban Ministry of Health for the medical services provided by each  Cuban doctor serving in Brazil.   It also prevented Cuban doctors from seeking employment in Brazil  outside of the formal structure of the arrangement.   More than 20,000 Cuban medical professionals serving in Brazil under  the Mais Medicos Program had their wages stolen by the Cuban Government  and received only a small fraction of what they earned, and that was  with the support of PAHO.   Their family members were prohibited from accompanying them, and many  had their passports confiscated.   Cuban doctors were the only medical professionals participating in  the program who had their salaries directly garnished by their  government. Meanwhile, doctors from other countries, serving in Brazil,  received their full wages for their medical services.   Other Cuban doctors have suffered similar abuses in Angola,  Guatemala, Mexico, Qatar, and Venezuela.   For example, in 2019, a group of Cuban doctors reported they had been  directed and often coerced to use their medical services to influence  votes in favor of the Maduro regime, including by denying medical  treatment to opposition supporters and by giving precise voting  instructions to elderly patients.   This gross program is a huge moneymaker for the communist thugs  ruling Cuba.   In 2018 alone, they pocketed more than $6.3 billion from exporting  Cuban professionals to work overseas. This is clearly human  trafficking, and medical missions by Cuban doctors represent a majority  of those profits.   Since I have been in the Senate, since 2019, I have been fighting for  these Cuban doctors and against human trafficking. But actually nothing  has been done to hold PAHO accountable. PAHO is hiding behind legal  immunity. President Biden has the power to lift their immunity, and I  have requested his administration do so multiple times, but they have  shamefully declined. It is wrong.   Victims of human trafficking deserve to see their alleged abusers in  court, and PAHO should never be able to hide behind claims of immunity  to avoid accountability for their role in facilitating those abuses.   I have informed Secretary Blinken that until substantial steps toward  fulfilling this request are made, I will be blocking all relevant State  Department nominees.   Americans deserve qualified and competent people in positions of  power who put American interests first. If this administration wants to  appease dictators like the Castro and Diaz-Canel regimes and go to  Venezuela and try to buy oil, I am going to hold them accountable.   Therefore, Madam President, I object.   