 Scott Franklin).    SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my  colleague from Louisiana giving me some time to talk about this vitally  critical matter.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of our border agents, who work  tirelessly to defend our Nation against the flow of deadly drugs  crossing our southern border. Their job is made incredibly more  difficult by the Biden administration's open border policies.   I am sometimes asked why, as a Floridian, I care so deeply about what  is happening on our southern border. Whether it is criminals,  terrorists, human traffickers, or drug smugglers, problems at the  Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California borders quickly become  problems for all Americans. Florida may be hundreds of miles from the  border, but illegal drugs from there are flooding our communities.   The Tampa Bay area, my home, has an overdose rate that is 50 percent  higher than the national average. To put that figure in context, 30  people in the Tampa Bay area are dying every week from overdoses. Let  that sink in. The lion's share of these overdoses are from fentanyl.  This highly lethal drug, primarily manufactured in China and smuggled  in by Mexican cartels, is many times stronger than heroin, morphine,  and other opioids. As little as two milligrams, smaller than the tip of  a pencil, which you can see right here in perspective relative to a  penny, is often enough to kill an adult.   Fentanyl overdoses are now the number one killer of adults age 18 to  45. This is a national tragedy. It is exasperating to see the hands of  our agents tied as they try to stop this crisis because their own  government stands in the way. As one frustrated border agent told his  chief in a recently leaked video, ``for evil to triumph is for good men  to do nothing.''   Mr. Speaker, the Biden administration is doing worse than nothing. It  is actively promoting an open border policy that allows dangerous drugs  to flow into our communities. This administration has the blood of its  citizens on its hands. For the safety and security of our Nation, it  must stop.   