 Mr. President, it is hard really to know where to start. I  am here on the Senate floor to talk about guns. In a world in chaos, we  cannot forget about the chaos right here at home. Gun violence is  killing our children: 19 students and two of their teachers in Uvalde 2  weeks ago; 20 children, and 7 others, in Newtown, CT--nearly 10 years  ago; 12 students and a teacher at Columbine--23 years ago. In between?  Las Vegas, 58 dead; the Pulse nightclub, 49 dead; Marjory Stoneman  Douglas High School, 17 dead--all victims of gun violence. And this is  just a snapshot of the epidemic of gun violence in our country.   I look back at my 48 years here in the Senate and say, When will we  say enough? We hadn't yet finished honoring and celebrating the lives  of the 10 victims in Buffalo before news broke of the tragedy unfolding  in Uvalde--19 children, 2 teachers, massacred in their school, where  they learn and work, where they should be safe--safe to just be  children.   This weekend, at least a dozen people were killed and 60 more injured  in shooting incidents across the country. When is it enough?   After Sandy Hook, well over decade after Columbine shook the Nation,  the conscience of the country was stirred. Now, we said, now we must  look at our gun laws. Now, we must think about what simply makes sense  and what does not. The Judiciary Committee acted. I was proud to lead  that, but the Senate did not. There were bipartisan proposals-- proposals that I believe can muster bipartisan support again today,  support that acknowledges that there is a problem and acknowledges that  we can and must do something about it. The problem is not the Second  Amendment. The problem is the view that the Second Amendment is itself  absolute.   I was in Vermont last week, and people would say to me, Of course, we  pray for the victims, but we also pray that Congress will finally stand  up and do something.   I am with my fellow Vermonters. I am a lifelong gun owner. I was on  the target shooting team at St. Michael's College in Vermont, my alma  mater--earned my letter in that. Millions of other Americans like  myself, lifelong gun owners, are responsible gun owners and honor  Americans' rights to own firearms and choose to own firearms to defend  their families, or to hunt--but not to commit battlefield-style  murders. To most Americans, firearms are valued for defensive purposes  and not for murder and mayhem.   There are ways that we can use our common sense to keep our  communities safe and keep guns out of the hands of people who are  dangerous. Let's start with background checks. They are a quick and  easy way to help accomplish that goal. There is bipartisan support to  require background checks for commercial firearms sales. Now, I think  we should go further, but we have to start somewhere, and commercial  sales background checks are a good start; background checks would help  to bring common sense back into this discussion.    How about extreme risk laws, also called ``red flag'' laws? We should  encourage more States to enact these laws to allow loved ones or law  enforcement agencies to petition a court for an order that would  temporarily prevent an individual in crisis from accessing firearms.  People who are in crisis and are a danger to themselves or others  should not have ready access to firearms. This, again, is practical  common sense.   We have seen where criminal gangs will send people into other States  to make straw purchases of weapons that are then sold back to them.  There is no criminal statute specifically prohibiting straw purchasing,  so prosecutors have to rely on laws that prohibit making false  statements in connection with the purchase of a firearm--a paperwork  [[Page S2842]]  offense. There is bipartisan agreement that we should strengthen the  penalties for straw purchasers to deter this dangerous conduct. This,  again, is practical common sense.   We should also add common sense and consistency to minimum age  requirements to purchase guns. You have to be 21 to buy a handgun. You  also have to be 21 to purchase alcohol or even cigarettes. But under  our Federal laws? Just 18 to buy a shotgun or rifle, including an  automatic rifle like those used on battlefields, like the ones used in  Buffalo and Uvalde. And if we cannot find enough common ground to ban  military-style assault rifles, we should at least raise the age at  which they can be purchased from 18 to 21.   All of these proposals are practical common sense; they should be the  least that Congress can do to help prevent the next mass shooting. But  we have a problem. We have a problem in the United States when the  leading cause of childhood death in 2020 was firearms. Think of that.  Our children and our grandchildren--and the leading cause of death is  firearms.   We have a problem when we cannot stand up--and together--to respond  to the fears of our children. We have a problem when we cannot push  aside the interests of the NRA and the gun industry or of the Gun  Owners of America or other pressure groups that tell us that Democrats  are ``coming for your guns.'' Of course, some of the gun industry will  say that because it boosts their sales. It boosts their sales, and  children die.   I am a Democrat. I am a gun owner. I have been both, nearly my entire  life. I have also been a prosecutor and prosecuted cases and went to  death scenes at 3 in the morning and seeing people shot. I am also  parent and a grandparent. I am a U.S. Senator. I am the Dean of the  Senate, and I am a proud Vermonter. In my home State, we have a long  tradition, dating back to our founding, of hunting the land. Ownership  of our firearms is part of that. I have also heard from more than 1,000  Vermonters since Uvalde, urgently telling me that something must be  done.   When is it enough? Everywhere Marcelle and I went last week in  Vermont, we heard, When is enough enough?   I have spent months--or actually years--listening to my friends on  the Republican side in Congress talk about protecting children. Who  will step up now and who will step in to say enough? If we are to  protect our children, we must be the adults with the courage to listen  to their fears and to act to alleviate them. We are the adults who must  protect our children. We must protect our children. If we do nothing,  we are not protecting them.   This isn't about politics. This isn't about the moneyed interests of  pressure groups, lobbying Congress without acknowledging the tragedies  in our world today. This isn't even about you or me, Mr. President.  This is about the thousands of people who are killed through gun  violence every year and the countless family members forced to  sorrowfully move on in their absence, saying, Why our family? Why our  loved one? Why my parents? Why my children? Why my brother? Or why my  sister? Why? In this, the greatest country on earth, our horrific  record of gun violence.   In no way is this about revoking the Second Amendment, but about  applying practical common sense safeguards to help mitigate the  violence.   Yet again, I ask, as I have since I have been in the Senate, and the  American people ask: When is it enough? When is it enough? I join those  who pray for the victims, but I especially join those who pray that  Congress will have the courage, Democrats and Republicans alike, to  finally do something meaningful.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   