 Mr. Speaker, I rise today obviously in strong  opposition to this latest attempt by my colleagues on the other side to  enact a Federal takeover of elections and continue their tactics that  they have used consistently in this Congress and the last Congress to  hide the intent of what they are doing.   Make no mistake, this legislation is an attempt to circumvent State  legislatures' constitutional authority to set election laws, laws like  the one recently passed in Georgia that maximizes--maximizes--voter  access and protects the integrity of every legal ballot.   One-size-fits-all government has never worked in a diverse and free  society like we have here in the United States of America. One size  fits all is synonymous with dictatorial regimes, Socialist societies,  and Communist countries--governments that keep control over the people  by stripping the authority from the hands of local officials that were  elected by the people to represent them.   This is what this bill does. To be clear, the goal of strong central  governments and strong federal governments is to have a homogeneous  society that is easily controlled. Our society is diverse: diversity of  thought, diversity of action, and diversity of speech. But the actions  of my colleagues on the other side is to have a homogeneous society to  where right and wrong is no longer determined by personal conviction or  faith but what the Federal Government has determined is right and  wrong.   You don't have to look any further, Mr. Speaker, of how the right to  determine your own healthcare has been stripped away by my colleagues  on the other side where people can no longer determine what they will  and will not put into their body.   The Constitution protects the ideas of individual liberty and  federalism to where government is strongest at the local level. This  bill disregards State voter IDs.    One thing I want to bring up that is homogeneous when  it comes to campaign elections, Mr. Speaker, we live in an independent,  diverse society where local governments are the greatest authority over  the people. This is a takeover by the Federal Government to create a  homogeneous society where everyone acts, thinks, and works according to  the Federal Government.   Oppose this legislation.   