 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 3103 eliminates the statute of limitations for a  minor victim of a human trafficking offense or a Federal sex offense,  to file a civil action to recover damages.   Studies indicate that many of these crimes go unreported or victims  sometimes wait years to disclose their abuse to others under current  law. A victim may file a Federal civil claim up until when the victim  reaches the age of 28 or up to 10 years after the discovery of the  violation or injury.   This legislation would allow victims of human trafficking or sex  offenses to seek civil remedies regardless of when the crime took  place.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation extends the authorization for a special  assessment for the Domestic Trafficking Victims' Fund for 19 days. The  special assessment is a $5,000 fine levied against someone convicted of  certain Federal trafficking and sexual abuse offenses. These offenses  include human smuggling, human trafficking, and sexual abuse of minors,  among others.   This $5,000 fine is in addition to other restitution or compensation  that offenders might be forced to pay, such as court-ordered fines,  orders of restitution, and other fines related to victim compensation.   Of course, an additional $5,000 fine can never adequately deter  criminals from committing these heinous acts. A much more effective  solution would be to make it more difficult for criminals to traffic  and smuggle people across our borders in the first place.   Unfortunately, House Democrats are flat-out unwilling to do anything  to stop the Biden border crisis. For 21 months, we have seen how  dangerous criminals have exploited our open borders to smuggle people  and drugs, particularly fentanyl, into our country.   The blame for the border crisis, and also our crime crisis, lies  squarely at the feet of the radical left's agenda and their anti-law  enforcement agenda.   House Republicans are more than willing to increase penalties for  human trafficking and human smuggling, but the House can and should do  much more to address the catastrophic border crisis caused by President  Biden's failures.   Literally, in 20 months, we have gone from a secure border to no  border. It would help if we actually had a border again to deal with  these issues that we are discussing here today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   