 Mr. President, a few days ago, the Senate heard  directly from President Zelenskyy. The bravery and leadership we have  seen from President Zelenskyy and the Ukrainian people is incredible.   And during this call, he was very clear about what the Ukrainian  people need to defend themselves against Russia's unjustified invasion.  What is unbelievable is that even after seeing horrifying images on the  news and hearing from the Ukrainian President himself, the Senate has  done nothing to get the aid they so desperately need approved and on  its way. Why? Because Senator Chuck Schumer is holding it hostage.   Senator Schumer is keeping this body from voting on and passing the  Ukrainian aid package because he is holding it hostage to include it in  the $1.5 trillion omnibus. People are dying. Yesterday while the Senate  floor was closed at Senator Schumer's direction, Putin's evil forces  bombed a children's hospital.   What in the world are we doing here? It is heartless. It is shameful.  It is a stain on the integrity of the Senate and the United States that  aid for Ukrainians is being used as a political tool.   We could have voted on the weekend. We could have voted on Monday or  Tuesday or yesterday.   But Senator Schumer closed the floor and made it impossible to vote.  Ukrainians are dying. It is time to end these games. These are stupid  games. That is why I am asking that we immediately take a vote to pass  the aid to Ukraine.   And I am thankful that many of my colleagues have joined me to make  this request. Senators Marsha Blackburn, John Boozman, Tom Cotton,  Steve Daines, Joni Ernst, Chuck Grassley, Cynthia Lummis, and Roger  Marshall have all cosponsored my proposal.   What I am asking is to pass the exact text--the exact text--that both  the Democrats and Republicans, they have already agreed to this. We can  send this to the President's desk today. By holding this hostage in the  omnibus, Senator Schumer is forcing even further delays. The omnibus  won't go to President Biden's desk until next week.   The people of Ukraine are in the fight for their lives and their  freedom. Every day the Senate waits to send American aid, weapons, and  resources to help them is another day that their fighting against this  Russian invasion is even made more difficult.   There is no reason we can't vote on this aid package now and pass it  today. Waiting even 1 more day puts more lives at risk. Let's act now  to protect global freedom from Putin's tyranny.   Now, I will turn it over to Senator Roger Marshall.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague  from Wyoming. I want to thank my colleagues from Kansas and from  Tennessee for their interest in making sure that we get Ukraine aid to  the citizens of Ukraine today.   I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the  majority leader, following consultation with the Republican leader, the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. 3811, which is at the desk;  that there be 2 hours for debate, equally divided in the usual form;  and that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a  third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill without  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, it is hard to express my anger  and frustration.   What in the hell are we doing here?   I asked for the Senate to do a very simple thing: vote today on  desperately needed aid for Ukraine, and Senate Democrats have blocked  it.   This is the exact text--the exact text--that both Democrats and  Republicans have already agreed to.   People need to know exactly why Democrats have blocked this  commonsense bill. I know. It is because they are following orders from  Senator Schumer to block passage of aid to Ukraine so we can continue  to hold it hostage in the omnibus.   That is what we are dealing with here.   We could send this to the President's desk today, but Senate  Democrats have said no because they are insisting that it be passed  with the omnibus.   The omnibus is $1.5 trillion, 2,700 pages; as my colleague from  Wyoming said, 4,000 earmarks. Senator Schumer alone has 150 earmarks,  $600,000 for a greenhouse in New York, $3 million for museum galleries  in Brooklyn.   I mean, to him, the omnibus is just a joke. It is a way to send some  money home.   Today, inflation just hit 7.9 percent--another 40-year high. And  contrary to what President Biden just said this morning, that is just  for February. That massive spike in inflation doesn't reflect the big  price hikes we have seen in March. The truth is, we have no idea how  the omnibus will impact inflation, and we haven't anywhere near the  time we need to actually read it.   This whole process is broken, and it reminds me of a truth here in  Washington: In Washington, compromise means that both sides get  everything they want, and no one has to make a tough choice. Put  simply, when Washington settles, taxpayers all across this country  lose.   Americans should be furious with Congress. Ukrainians should be  absolutely furious with us. While Russian bombs are being dropped on  their homes, cities, and hospitals, Democrats in the Senate are  blocking the approval of American aid so that they can play politics.  Every day that Senator Schumer refuses to allow a vote is a big gift  from Senate Democrats to Putin.   I am actually disgusted by what happened here today. To see aid for  Ukraine used as a political tool is heartless. It is a stain on the  integrity of the Senate and the United States. A fight for freedom and  democracy rages in Europe, and Senate Democrats should be ashamed by  what Senator Schumer has forced each of you to do today.   I yield the floor.   