 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio, Chair Napolitano,  and Ranking Member Graves for their leadership and work to ensure the  Water Resources Development Act, also known as WRDA for short,  continues to be both bipartisan and biennial.   Because of this commitment, before the House today is H.R. 7776, the  Water Resources Development Act of 2022. I am pleased to be a part of  this continuing bipartisan tradition of passing a WRDA every 2 years.  Just 3 weeks ago this bill passed out of the committee by voice vote.   The legislation is a product resulting from the input of many Members  of Congress. It is an example of what can be achieved when Congress  comes together to find solutions for their constituents and the  American public.   WRDA bills provide congressional direction to the Army Corps of  Engineers on the allocations of dollars for water  [[Page H5292]]  resource projects and policy across the Nation. This legislation  authorizes a number of Chief's Reports and studies, as well as new  environmental infrastructure projects for the first time since 2007.   In my home State of North Carolina, we rely on a significant amount  of coastal and inland waterway infrastructure and resources. These  bring us many benefits, but our communities can also face devastating  consequences from flooding of inland waterways as a result.   WRDA 2022 will help our communities address these risks by directing  the Corps to improve management of our Nation's coastal mapping  projects which provide information to States and local communities so  they can better respond to extreme weather events. This program and  other provisions in this year's legislation will provide improved flood  control and storm damage reduction for constituents and stakeholders  all across the country.   I am pleased to be a part of this bipartisan effort, and, again, I  thank Chairman DeFazio and Chair Napolitano for working across the  aisle with us on this critical commonsense legislation.   I also want to take a quick moment to thank Paul Sass, staff director  for the minority of the committee who will soon be leaving for other  opportunities. He has provided many years of service and hard work for  the people of Missouri, Ranking Member Graves, myself, and all the  members of the T & I Committee. I thank Paul for his great counsel and  all the work he has done.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   