 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 854, the Methamphetamine  Response Act. The companion version of this bill, H.R. 2051, was led by  Representatives Peters, Curtis, and Harshbarger in the House.   Methamphetamine is a highly addictive stimulant that is illicitly  trafficked throughout the United States. This dangerous substance is  associated with psychosis, cardiovascular dysfunction, infectious  disease transmission, and overdose. The Drug Enforcement Administration  even issued a public safety alert for the first time in 6 years in  September 2021 warning Americans about the increase in the lethality of  fake prescription pills containing fentanyl and methamphetamine.   In response to recent trends and alarming increases in  methamphetamine-involved overdose deaths, S. 854 would designate  methamphetamine as an emerging drug threat and would direct the Office  of National Drug Control Policy to develop a methamphetamine response  plan. The development and the implementation of this plan will help  coordinate efforts across the Federal Government to more effectively  address this emerging drug threat.   I will say, we absolutely have to have this in place, but it stops at  the source. I was able in early January to go to the border, and I was  outside of El Paso--actually in New Mexico, but outside of El Paso. The  Border Patrol agents took me to the point where, on January 20, 2021,  they ceased building the wall; and they said this is where a lot of the  drugs are flowing through, and they were talking about meth, and they  were also talking about fentanyl.   Fentanyl, as we know, mostly originates in China, but it comes  through Mexico, so it is just a failure of so many different policies.  It comes through Mexico and comes across the border. They said because  of the volume of people coming up through the border without the remain  in Mexico policy and the wall that it is numbers. If hundreds of people  are coming, and we can catch 20 percent of them; and you can put  fentanyl--I know we are talking about methamphetamine, but it comes  together--you can put fentanyl in a water bottle and bring it through.   We are doing this bill today, which is great, but if the CR expires  on March 11, illicit fentanyl and fentanyl analogues will be street- legal in the United States. This committee needs to bring the HALT  Fentanyl Act to the floor and permanently ban illicit fentanyl. Seventy  percent of all overdose deaths in Kentucky in 2020 were from illicit  fentanyl.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. This is a serious bill.  I actually had a sheriff from Nelson County, Kentucky, who was  visiting, and he said: We can tell the price--because they do the  controlled buys--in the amount of money I have to use to buy meth, the  cost, I can tell you what has happened at the border because if it is  low, it means we are flooded with it because the border is not in  control, and right now the price is so low, the only thing that my drug  enforcement officers have said to me is that, well, there is no longer  any meth labs or many meth labs, if any, in rural Kentucky because so  much is coming from Mexico it has put them out of business. So they  don't have to go clean up meth labs as they find them, but it is a  tough consolation.   We need to pass this bill, and we also need to pass the HALT Fentanyl  Act. We need to get control of our southern border to keep these drugs  from flowing into the country illegally to begin with.   Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of S. 1543, the Suicide Training and  Awareness Nationally Delivered for Universal Prevention Act, or STANDUP  Act.   The House version of this bill, H.R. 586, was led by Representative  Scott Peters along with Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues  Bilirakis, Blunt Rochester, Upton, and Tonko. It passed this Chamber  unanimously last May.   This legislation helps promote suicide awareness and facilitates  prevention training for students and young Americans. For the last  decade, suicide has been the second-leading cause of death for  Americans ages 10 to 24 and the 10th leading cause of overall deaths in  the United States.   Initiatives that empower students with knowledge of the warning signs  and resources for prevention can help in preventing suicide, which this  legislation will help to accomplish.   The pandemic has greatly impacted the mental health of Americans  across the country. It is critical that we continue addressing these  growing challenges and work to prevent youth suicide while promoting  the mental wellness of all.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about S. 1662, the Supporting the  Foundation for the National Institutes of Health and the Reagan-Udall  Foundation for the Food and Drug Administration Act. The companion  version of this bill, H.R. 3743, was led by Energy and Commerce  Committee colleagues Representatives Hudson and Eshoo and passed the  House in December.   Unleashing biomedical innovation in the United States is critical in  saving lives and maintaining our global competitiveness. We saw how  important it was to invest in creating new treatments during the COVID- 19 pandemic, and we need to carry that momentum into the future.   S. 1662 authorizes increased transfer authorities from the FDA and  NIH to the Reagan-Udall Foundation and the Foundation for NIH,  respectively. Allowing FDA and NIH to transfer additional resources to  these public-private partnerships will give the Reagan-Udall Foundation  and the Foundation for the NIH more flexibility to meet the growing  research demands and accelerate future medical innovations.   And I close with this: I was in Brussels last week. I am on the NATO  Parliamentary Assembly. I was with our allies as everything took place  that we all saw in Europe.   This is the Energy and Commerce Committee. We have done some  wonderful work on these bills, and they are important. But I will tell  you, as I just talked about innovation and world leadership, it  reminded me of this. We were energy independent a couple of years ago,  and I will tell you, people in my part of the country, and I am sure  all over the country, are struggling with what they are paying for gas.  But I will tell you this: I was with our European allies, and they are  terrified about what this is going to do to the oil markets.   What we are doing now is just not sanctioning the Russian oil because  we are all terrified of that. So hopefully, the Energy and Commerce  Committee will have the opportunity to look at the policies, why we are  no longer energy independent and how we can move forward.   I saw the President's Press Secretary, Ms. Psaki, talking on an  interview show yesterday. They asked her was the President going to do  something to relieve fossil fuels, and her answer was, well, this just  shows why we shouldn't be dependent on fossil fuels. Well, the answer  is this is why we shouldn't be dependent on foreign fossil fuels when  we have them available to ourselves. Of course, the interviewer didn't  ask the following question: Well, maybe that is the case, but what are  we going to do in the next weeks, months, and through the summertime?   We all know, because we see it on the television, that it is a dire  situation. But when you look them in the eyes and you see it in their  faces--the Ukrainians were eligible to come to this meeting, but  obviously, they weren't there. We did have Zoom meetings with them. But  we looked at our European allies, and it is a tough situation.   We can make it better. We can make it better for ourselves. We can  make it better for them. I think it is the right thing to do.   So, hopefully, we will have the opportunity to move forward. But the  bills that we are talking about today in my subcommittee are important,  and I recommend this bill be passed, as well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   