 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1224, I call  up the bill (H.R. 8296) to protect a person's ability to determine  whether to continue or end a pregnancy, and to protect a health care  provider's ability to provide abortion services, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and add extraneous material on H.R. 8296, the Women's Health Protection  Act of 2022.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 8296, the  Women's Health Protection Act.   This bill is necessary now more than ever following the Republican- controlled Supreme Court's extreme decision ripping away a woman's  right to abortion. The Court's ideological decision ignored nearly 50  years of precedent and is the culmination of decades of unrelenting  efforts by Republican politicians to control women and their bodies.   The consequences of last month's decision have been swift and severe.  Already, abortion bans are in effect in nine States, and more than a  dozen more are expected to either ban or severely limit abortion soon.   As a result, women are being forced to travel long distances to  States where abortion remains lawful or, for those who lack logistical  or financial support to travel, continue pregnancies against their  wishes. There have been devastating stories of patients being denied  care and doctors hesitating to provide lifesaving healthcare services  out of fear of criminalization.   States have enacted dangerous laws banning abortion without any  exceptions, inciting citizens to track and report women in need of an  abortion and criminalizing providers or those assisting someone in  obtaining care.   These laws turn back the clock on the health, well-being, and  equality of women across the Nation. Republicans have made it clear:  This is just the beginning. Congressional Republicans are  [[Page H6635]]  already pushing a nationwide abortion ban that would criminalize  abortion in all 50 States.   That is why this House is acting today on the Women's Health  Protection Act to restore the right to abortion nationwide. This  legislation ensures that no matter where you live, you have a right to  comprehensive healthcare that is free from unnecessary restrictions  that are intended only to impede access.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to  protect the right to abortion and ensure that all Americans are  entitled to make their own healthcare decisions.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu), the sponsor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Escobar).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Lois Frankel).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Ms. DeGette), the chairwoman of Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Tonko), who chairs our Environment and Climate  Change Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Clarke), who is a member of our committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Cardenas), who is also a member of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. Craig), who is a member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from the State of Washington (Ms. Schrier). Dr. Schrier is also a  member of the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), who is a member of our committee.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on  both sides.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Eshoo), the chairwoman of our Health Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lee), who is co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Jeffries), the chairman of our Democratic Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from North Carolina (Ms. Adams).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Speaker, I have no additional speakers, so I  continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I continue to  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Speaker, the Supreme Court's extreme and dangerous decision in  Dobbs turns back the clock and jeopardizes the health, well-being, and  autonomy of women across the Nation. Access to comprehensive healthcare  must include access to abortion, and the ability to access care should  not depend on where you live.   The bill before us, the Women's Health Protection Act, restores a  right to an abortion nationwide, ensuring that all Americans,  regardless of where they live, can make their own decisions about their  lives and their futures.   I urge my colleagues across the aisle to support this bill. While  Republicans seek to punish and control women by criminalizing abortion  nationwide, House Democrats will continue our fight to restore the  right to abortion as the law of the land.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1224, I call  up the bill (H.R. 8297) to prohibit the interference, under color of  State law, with the provision of interstate abortion services, and for  other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and add extraneous material on H.R. 8297, the Ensuring Access to  Abortion Act of 2022.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 8297, the  Ensuring Women's Right to Reproductive Freedom Act, introduced by  Representative Fletcher, a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Last month, when the Supreme Court overturned a woman's  constitutional right to abortion, it also gave license to extreme  Republican politicians to pass dangerous laws across the Nation. These  State laws criminalize healthcare and create an environment of fear for  healthcare providers or anyone else assisting someone who needs an  abortion.   Already, abortion bans are in effect in 9 States, and more are  expected soon. Republican politicians and anti-abortion extremists are  also actively considering even more actions. They want to prevent  private citizens from legally crossing State lines to obtain an  abortion. They also want to deputize private citizens to track down  anyone who might help a woman legally obtain an abortion in another  State.   These actions clearly violate the Constitution and the right to  travel freely, and this legislation will put those States on notice  that their actions to limit their citizens from obtaining the  healthcare they need cannot be enforced.   H.R. 8297 reaffirms the right to travel across State lines to obtain  a lawful abortion. It protects healthcare providers who provide lawful  abortion care to out-of-State residents, and it protects anyone who may  assist a woman in crossing State lines to obtain a lawful abortion,  such as a friend, partner, or volunteer.   Madam Speaker, the bill also prohibits individuals acting under State  law from restricting or impeding access to medication abortions, which  States are rushing to restrict despite the clear authority of the  Federal Government.   Madam Speaker, while we need the Women's Health Protection Act to  become law to restore access to abortion in all 50 States, we must also  mitigate some of the extreme and dangerous laws Republicans are  enacting now to prevent women from making their own healthcare  decisions.   This legislation does that, which is why I urge my colleagues to  support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Mrs. Fletcher), the sponsor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Eshoo), the chairwoman of our Subcommittee on Health.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), a member of our committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky), who chairs our Consumer Protection and  Commerce Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Schrier).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Washington (Ms. Strickland), who is the chief cosponsor of this  bill.    Madam Speaker, I would ask how much time is remaining on  both sides.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Nadler), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Chu).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Peters), who is a member of our committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), who co-chairs the Pro-Choice  Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Lois Frankel).   