 Madam President, while we gathered in the House Chamber  for the State of the Union Address, the whole world was watching for  President Biden's comments on Putin's rapidly escalating invasion of  Ukraine. I thought the President did a good job expressing our  steadfast support to Ukraine. That strong message was conveyed to the  international community during his address, and the appreciation from  both sides of the aisle was reflected in our collective response. It  was a moment when we felt complete unity in the Chamber.   Unfortunately, it was the only moment of unity in the entire address.  The overwhelming majority of the President's speech was geared toward a  specific audience--his liberal base.   Over the course of an hour, the President boasted about spending  billions on unnecessary wish list items, pushed his ``climate first''  agenda, and laid out his Big Government social justice platform.    It was a message tailored for residents of the Hamptons rather than  those who live in Hampton, AR. The voters in Austin, TX, but not  Austin, AR.   Arkansans are worried about paying their bills, putting food on the  table, and the price of gasoline. The cost of almost everything is on  the rise, and every American is feeling the pinch. And we are not  talking about luxury items here; we are talking about necessities. A  gallon of gas costs almost a dollar more than last year. Electricity  bills are skyrocketing, and food inflation is at its highest rate since  the Carter administration.   The main thing my constituents and, quite frankly, most Americans  outside of the beltway needed to hear was a plan to bring down  inflation, end the supply chain bottlenecks, and restore our workforce  to full strength. President Biden barely touched on these issues. When  he did, it was to cast blame for inflation on businesses and industries  that are doing their very best to maintain operations in the face of  historic supply chain and labor challenges.   The President claimed that businesses should simply lower costs to  reduce inflation, as if lowering costs in the face of increasing  government mandates, increasing input costs, labor shortages, and  overregulation was possible. There is a major disconnect between the  struggles Americans experience every day and the image the President  and his team are desperately trying to project.   This is most apparent in rural America. The President and his team  often boast about record high farm income but never acknowledge the  fact that the financial gains family farmers, ranchers, and foresters  will see will soon be reduced by record high production costs. Land,  machinery, labor, fuel, seed, and livestock feed prices are all  increasing dramatically. Fertilizer prices have spiked as much as 300  percent in some parts of the country, and at the same time the  administration is levying tariffs on our fertilizer imports. Every  portion of the food chain remains strained as labor shortages and  supply chain issues continue to hinder our ability to get food from  farms to tables.   For many, the increased costs of farming are deterring them from  continuing in the industry. It is pushing the next generation of  farmers down a different career path instead of carrying on the family  business. The family farm operations that once populated my home State  of Arkansas in large numbers will be eroded away if we don't make rural  America and farming more economically stable.   This is bad news for rural America. In most of our rural communities,  agriculture is all that is left. Agriculture is Arkansas' largest  industry, adding around $21 billion to our economy every year and  accounting for approximately one in six jobs.   But rural Arkansas is hurting. My home State has 75 counties, and 55  of them lost population in the last census. I suspect the same trend is  likely happening in each of our colleagues' States. The exodus is  fueled by the desire to leave rural America to pursue economic  opportunities outside of farming. And that is so unfortunate, as the  family farms that color the landscape of rural America are the true  building block for a better future.   Reversing this trend should be at the top of our to-do list. Our  agenda needs to benefit more than urban and suburban America. It needs  to reach and help the 60 million Americans living in our rural  communities. When people leave our small rural towns, we run the risk  of losing schools, hospitals, and other vital infrastructure needed to  sustain these communities. We must find solutions to rebuild economies  and secure livelihoods in rural America.   President Biden only mentioned the word ``rural'' once in his entire  State of the Union Address. He continued to push his Build Back Better  agenda, which favors big city liberals at the expense of rural America  and pledged to resurrect this doomed package.   My advice to President Biden: It is time to stop pushing that boulder  up the hill. Instead, make good on your pledge to unite the fractured  country. That starts by abandoning these misplaced priorities and  focusing on the needs of all Americans.   With that, I yield the floor.   