 Madam Speaker, we come together to honor a friend and  colleague who we lost earlier this year, and to welcome a new Member  into the House of Representatives, our friend, Mr. Brad Finstad.   Six months have passed since we lost our friend Jim Hagedorn to  cancer, and his absence continues to be felt in this Chamber and  throughout southern Minnesota. Our thoughts remain with his family, as  we all know how significant a loss it has been for them and for all of  us.   Earlier this week, however, the residents of Minnesota's First  Congressional District elected Brad Finstad to carry out Congressman  Hagedorn's legacy of relentless representation in the House of  Representatives. They could not have made a better choice.   As a fourth generation Minnesotan, Brad truly represents the best  values of our State. Honesty, integrity, and the willingness to answer  the call to serve. Born and raised on his family farm in New Ulm,  Minnesota, Brad grew up understanding the importance of a hard day's  work, a trade he still appreciates and carries with him every single  day.   After graduating from the University of Minnesota, his work on the  family farm led Brad to join the Minnesota Farm Bureau and eventually  to serve three terms in the Minnesota House of Representatives.   In 2017, Brad was appointed by President Trump as the Director of  Rural Development of USDA in the State of Minnesota. While there, he  worked to improve the lives of farmers throughout our home State. That  earned him the respect and admiration of his community in southern  Minnesota.   Even through his successful election to the House of Representatives,  Brad, his wife, Jaclyn, and their seven children, continued to operate  the family farm in New Ulm. He and his wife met on a school bus in the  second grade, and as a husband and father of seven, Brad and Jackie  have raised their children on the values of faith, family, and hard  work.    On behalf of the entire Minnesota delegation, please join us in  welcoming Representative Brad Finstad, his wife, Jaclyn, and their  seven wonderful children to the United States Congress.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Finstad),  our new Representative.   