 Mr. Speaker, just a few minutes ago the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee said--the Democrat chair said--this bill is not  about the border. That is the problem. That is what we should be  addressing.   There have been 4 million illegal migrant encounters since Joe Biden  has been in office; 1.4 million illegal migrants released into the  country; 1 million got-aways; and an administration that says the  border is secure. It is laughable. I don't know how they can say that  with a straight face.   Remember this, too. Remember those border agents on horseback?  Remember those guys doing their job on horseback? This administration  allowed a lie to fester and grow for months knowing that those guys did  nothing wrong.    Yeah, this bill is not about the border. It should be. When are the  Democrats going to take this issue seriously?   We have literally gone from a secure border to no border. When are  they going to take it seriously?   No, no, they are never going to take it seriously.   Obviously, over the last 22 months they haven't done anything to  address it, which leads us to--I think the logical conclusion that any  American and every American is making is--they are doing this  intentionally.   Why? I do not know.   It has to be intent. It has to be intentional. It has to be  deliberate. It has to be premeditated because you can't have this kind  of chaos just happen--and now they bring this bill.   The bill says veterans who have committed crimes that make them  deportable aren't going to be deported. It makes no sense to me.   I hope at some point the Democratic Party will wake up. I hope at  some point the Biden administration will do what everyone knows needs  to be done and get our border secure again.   Maybe it would help--maybe it would be a good first step--maybe a  good start would be for the President of the United States, who is  charged with securing our homeland, securing our border, maybe it would  be a good first step if he went to the border.   I know the leader of our party has asked him to go. Leader McCarthy  has asked him to go.   Why don't they go together and help unify the country maybe?   Stand up for something that makes sense that we would actually have a  border. Maybe that would be a first step, instead of bringing bills  like this and not addressing the fundamental problem.   A bill that is not about the border--you can say that again because  this one sure isn't. This one is not going to address the problem that  every American knows is as real as it gets.   