 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I just want to speak up in favor of, not necessarily  the bill because I need to review the bill, but the legislation's  purpose and the intent of the authors to approach this issue of human  trafficking because it is so critically important. I am glad that we  are working on a bipartisan basis to do that.   I am going to demand the yeas and nays in a minute because of other  issues involving the floor I am not going to get into right now, about  time to review bills and other things we are discussing with the  majority, and that is why we are making decisions on the floor to force  votes.   But on the substance, human trafficking is absolutely devastating. It  is devastating to the people of Texas, it is devastating to the people  of the district I represent, it is devastating to young children,  people whom I have met when I have gone to various centers in Texas  where they are dealing with these, mainly children, but also adults in  trafficking.   Also trafficking goes well beyond, obviously, the sex trafficking  trade and goes to the slave labor that exists in the United States of  America today and that is absolutely unconscionable.   I appreciate the bipartisan work on this topic. I am certainly  delighted to work with both Members on it. I just didn't want the fact  that I am going to demand the yeas and nays to be an indication of not  supporting the purpose of this bill. There are other factors that are  in play involving the floor and spending and other stuff. I appreciate  it.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   