 Mr. Speaker, we all know that the past couple of years  have been difficult on small businesses. COVID-19 upended life as we  knew it. While America is turning a corner from the perspective of  public health, the pandemic's aftershocks are still raising costs,  scrambling supply chains, and disrupting labor markets.   That is what I heard from folks in Cooperstown last month when I  invited the SBA administrator to tour Main Street with me. That is what  I heard a few days ago when I visited small businesses in Tannersville  in Greene County. That is what I regularly hear from small  businessowners at my townhall meetings across the district. That is why  Congress should be doing everything it can to reduce burdens on small  business owners. That is what my bipartisan bill, the One Stop Shop for  Small Business Compliance Act, would do.   In 1996, Congress passed a law requiring Federal agencies to publish  easy-to-use regulation compliance guides for small businesses; a good  idea that was poorly implemented.   The problem is, these guides are housed on different agency websites,  making it difficult for small businesses to find and utilize them. If  you want to find something for OSHA, you have to go to the OSHA  website. If you want to find FTC's compliance guide, you go look around  at FTC.gov. These guides are scattered across countless government  websites.   My bill is simple, it would require the Small Business  Administrator's Office of the National Ombudsman to create a  centralized website that houses all Federal agency compliance guides in  one place.   By creating a one-stop-shop online, we make these guides more  accessible for small business owners who often lack the resources to  hire staff to focus on compliance issues. The platform would also list  contact information for the appropriate agency staff who could provide  regulatory assistance to small businesses.   Small businesses are essential elements of the economic and social  fabric of upstate New York. I am proud to cosponsor this legislation  which will make it easier, not harder, for folks back home to run their  businesses and access resources from the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Beth Van Duyne for her partnership  on this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. I thank Chairwoman  Velazquez and Ranking Member Luetkemeyer for their support, and I urge  my colleagues to support this bill.   