 Madam Speaker, I will vote ``yes'' on H.R.  4445, Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment  Act of 2021. However, l have reservations that certain provisions in  the bill lack clarity regarding key issues.   Employers have increasingly relied on forced arbitration clauses to  circumvent workers' right to due process. Currently, over 60 million  American workers are locked out of the courtroom due to these coercive  arrangements that compel them to go through a process that is rigged  against them. Forced arbitration undermines workers' recourse for a  wide array of employment law violations--not just sexual harassment and  sexual assault; this includes wage theft and other employment  discrimination issues. With Chairman Nadler, I introduced the Restoring  Justice for Workers Act, H.R. 4841, a more comprehensive approach to  protect workers' access to the courts and their right to collective  action no matter their workplace claim.   Although H.R. 4445 is an important step forward by ensuring that  certain individuals who experience ``sexual assault'' and ``sexual  harassment'' are not forced to arbitrate their cases based on a pre- dispute arbitration agreement, I have concerns that the legislation  does not go far enough to offer such protections to other vulnerable  individuals who need fair access to the courts to vindicate their  rights. In the employment context, for example, the bill's singular  focus on sexual harassment involving unwelcome sexual advances,  propositions, and sexual attention, fails to account for the other,  harmful, and common, forms of sex-based harassment that occurs in the  workplace. This kind of harassment is not sexual in nature but is  motivated by a sex-based animus or hostility. It can involve offensive  and derogatory comments about women working in male-dominated  industries, physically intimidating conduct directed at men who fail to  conform to stereotypical gender norms, as well as posting demeaning and  graphic texts and images to make women or men feel uncomfortable in the  workplace. These are just a few examples of the non-sexual, sex-based  harassment that have been recognized by the Supreme Court and the U.S.  Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the federal agency that  enforces employment civil rights laws. Thus, given the breadth and  complexity of sex-based harassment, and the negative impact it can have  on individuals who experience it, I have concerns about limiting this  bill to a certain type of sexual harassment.   I have similar concerns about the narrow scope of individuals who are  included under the bill's definition of ``sexual harassment dispute.''  The bill states that ``the term `sexual harassment dispute' means a  dispute relating to . . . conduct directed at an individual or group of  individuals.'' The phrase ``directed at'' suggests that the individual  or group of individuals must be the target of the harassing conduct to  be included in the bill's jurisdiction. In the employment context,  however, the EEOC and federal courts have recognized that a harassment  victim does not have to be the target of the harassment to have a  viable harassment case. A salient example of this scenario is a female  employee who works in an environment where male co-workers frequently  use gender-derogatory language to describe or insult women, even though  the language is not ``directed at'' the female employee. In such a  scenario, the female employee could assert that she experienced sexual  harassment because even though she was not the direct target of her  male co-workers' gender-derogatory language, she worked in a sexually  offensive and hostile environment. Therefore, using language in H.R.  4445 that seems to narrow the scope of harassment victims to only those  who are the direct target of harassing conduct undercuts this important  principle.   I am encouraged that a group of bipartisan Members have introduced an  amendment that recognizes some of the limitations of H.R. 4445's  definition of ``sexual harassment dispute.'' This amendment  ``[c]larifies that, for the purposes of the bill, sexual harassment  dispute is defined as a dispute relating to conduct that allegedly  constitutes sexual harassment under applicable Federal, Tribal, or  State sexual harassment laws.'' By embracing sexual harassment  jurisprudence, which encompasses a broader array of harassing conduct  than is currently included in the text of the bill, the amendment would  allow more sexual harassment victims to avoid forced arbitration of  their cases based on a pre-dispute arbitration agreement.   Unfortunately, this bipartisan amendment does not address one of the  most problematic issues with H.R. 4445--the lack of clarity regarding  the coverage of intersectional and related issues that arise in sexual  harassment cases. For example, in the workplace, minority women  frequently experience sexual harassment concurrent with harassment  based on their race or national origin. Additionally, a harassment  victim may experience other negative employment actions related to the  sexual harassment such as a demotion, unfavorable job transfer,  reduction in pay, or other retaliatory conduct. The language in H.R.  4445 fails to specifically state whether there is coverage of these  cases, i.e., whether intersectional cases and negative employment  action cases related to the sexual harassment would go to court as one  case or whether these cases would have to be bifurcated such that the  sexual harassment case would go to court, but the intersectional and  related case would be forced into arbitration. Given that bifurcation  of these cases will only lead to unnecessary expense and an  administrative burden for both parties, the best reading of the  language in the bill that refers to ``a case . . . [that] relates to a  sexual harassment dispute'' is that it was meant to encompass these  scenarios. Any other reading of the text regarding these issues would  lead to an impractical result, but regrettably the bill, as drafted,  does not foreclose that possibility.   The final issue I want to address is the legislation's failure to  include a notice requirement directing entities, such as employers, to  inform the recipients of their pre-dispute agreements that they have  certain protections related to forced arbitration. Typically, employers  include language about an arbitration agreement in employment  applications, contracts, and/or handbooks that is inconspicuous and  difficult for a lay person to understand. For workers to know their  rights, employers should be required to provide written, conspicuous  notice of the protections in this bill, drafted in plain language the  workers can understand, wherever the employer mentions a pre-dispute  agreement to arbitrate, and prior to the employer's commencement of  arbitration proceedings. Had these simple notice requirements been  included in this legislation, it would have helped to ensure that  ``sexual assault'' and ``sexual harassment'' victims received the full  measure of protections under this bill.   