 Mr. President, I rise today for the last time here to  address my colleagues on the floor. After nearly 100 years of combined  service between myself and the chairman, I think that we understand the  Senate a little bit. This bill, we know what it is--we know it is an  omnibus. We know it is not perfect. But it has a lot of stuff in it, a  lot of good stuff. And I urge all my friends and colleagues to vote for  this, for it is the right thing for the government, the right thing for  the Nation, I believe.   Also, I want to thank the entire Appropriations and leadership staff  on both sides of the aisle here for their years of service while I have  served on the committee. And, also, once again, without them, we  wouldn't be where we are today.   Mr. President, I rise today for the last time to address my  colleagues on the floor of the United States Senate.    After nearly 100 years of combined public service, my longtime  colleague, good friend, and chairman of the Appropriations Committee,  Senator Patrick Leahy, and I are seeking your support on one last piece  of legislation.   This particular bill or omnibus, as we call it, includes all 12  appropriations bills as well as emergency supplemental funding for  disaster relief and Ukraine.   I think the chairman would agree that the road we traveled to get to  this point has been long, and it has been winding at times. We have hit  some rough patches, taken some detours, and at times we broke down on  the side of the road.   Notwithstanding the difficulties and disagreements, however, we  always shared the same goal--getting to yes.   Was this a perfect process that led to a perfect result? Of course  not. It never is, and it never does.   The path we followed to produce this particular legislation is not  the path that either one of us would have freely chosen. Over the  years, our strong preference has been to engage in regular order, but,  for a number of reasons, many of them out of our control, that was not  to be this time around.   This bill in just about every respect represents a compromise. The  legislative process and the appropriations process in particular rarely  produce anything different. In other words, if you are seeking purity,  you will not find it here, and you never will.   What you will find in this bill, however, is a serious commitment to  our national defense, aid for Americans in need as a result of natural  disasters, and continuing support for the people of Ukraine as they  fight against Russian aggression.   As the Republican leader pointed out yesterday, we have a choice to  make. I urge you all to choose in favor of our men and women in uniform  and fulfill one of our most fundamental obligations and that is to fund  the government.   Mr. President, before I yield, I would like to once again recognize  my good friend the senior Senator from Vermont. It has been my great  privilege and high honor to serve beside him for my entire Senate  career. He personifies what it means to be a United States Senator, and  this body will surely miss him.   I would also like to thank the entire Appropriations and leadership  staff on both sides of the aisle, not only for their years of service  while I served on the committee but also for once again doing the  impossible under extremely demanding circumstances. It is my hope that  we will reward your tireless efforts with a strong vote in favor of  this bill.   