 Madam Speaker, does anyone actually believe this bill is  going to reduce inflation?   I didn't think so.   Those of you that know me know that I am not afraid to work across  the aisle on important legislation that helps Americans, whether it was  the 21st Century Cures Act, the CHIPS Act, the veterans' PACT Act, or  the infrastructure bill. Unfortunately, the bill that we are debating  right now was not created in that same bipartisan manner.   Our economy is in a fragile state as we emerge from this pandemic. We  have seen decades-high inflation that is crushing Main Street and  squeezing the middle class. Now is not the time to raise taxes to the  tune of over $16 billion on middle-income folks around the country.   The Inflation Reduction Act does nothing to fix the insidious  problems at the IRS. Instead, they are going to throw more than $80  billion to hire more agents who are going to be tasked with hounding  taxpayers who report passthrough business income through Schedule C and  Schedule E. These folks are, by and large, middle-income, family-owned  small business owners who busted their butts to keep their doors open  through the pandemic, and now we are sending the cavalry after them,  leading to higher compliance costs and time wasted that will increase  costs for all Americans.   The IRS needs to be focused on clearing the backlog of millions of  personal and business returns. I have literally helped hundreds of  constituents who have been waiting 1 to 2 years for their tax refunds.   With respect to inflation, a number of nonpartisan sources, including  some previously touted by supporters of this bill, have said that this  bill will cause inflation to increase over the first couple of years.   The energy sector has seen the brunt of this increase, with gas  prices climbing more than $2.30 a gallon and natural gas prices going  up close to double.   On Wednesday, I offered an amendment at the Committee on Rules that  would direct the bill not to go into effect until the Secretary of  Energy can certify that energy prices are below the costs of 2021.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ``no.''   