 Well, Madam President, I come to the floor today to  join my colleague and friend from Texas in support of this very  important piece of legislation.   What happened in Uvalde was a tragedy. It was horrendous. I commend  the citizens of that community for their strength in a time of  heartache.   Every Member of this body agrees that we need to find the best way to  protect children who go to school. Whether in Washington, DC, or  Wheatland, WY, we need to find a way to protect those students.   That is why Senator Cruz and I have introduced the Safe Kids, Safe  Schools, Safe Communities Act of 2022. Our bill provides the kind of  safety and the kind of security that our children, our schools, and our  communities desperately need. And we do this while always protecting  the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans.   Now, as a doctor who served in our State legislature in Wyoming and  now in this body, I have seen the devastating impact of mental health  challenges, and Senator Cruz talked specifically about those, and that  is why we addressed them in this bill. I have seen how much those  challenges contribute and what we have seen in these terrible acts. Our  bill would make a difference--make a difference by providing mental  health professionals with the resources they need to identify and to  address these behavioral health needs of our students.   Our bill would hire 15,000 more mental health professionals at middle  schools and high schools.   It also significantly increases the physical safety of our schools.  Our bill would double the number of police officers in our schools. It  would help schools buy more security equipment and metal detectors,  door locks, and alarms.    Our bill also would do all of these things at no cost to the  taxpayer. It wouldn't add to inflation. People might ask, how? Well, it  is because our bill would redirect money that has already been  allocated in the Democrats' spending bills. Our bill would work, and it  wouldn't cost taxpayers a dime.   School is back in session now all across the country, and now is the  time to take the real action that we need to keep our kids and our  schools safe. No child should live in fear of going to school. No  parent should live in fear of sending their child to school. And no  law-abiding gun owner should be denied his or her constitutional  rights.   So I want to thank my friend and colleague from Texas for introducing  this vital piece of legislation.   