 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  we can immediately consider H.R. 8589.   We heard earlier our friends across the aisle say that understand  this rule, which they could pretty much bring up any bill they so  desire, they are going to address inflation.   Well, count me excited that my colleagues across the aisle are  finally ready to address inflation; inflation brought upon all  Americans by the reckless policies of Democratic one-party control;  reckless policies of--starting--this administration by spending $1.9  trillion; reckless policies by refusing to unleash American energy. And  Americans are paying the price for the reckless policies of Democrats  here in Washington.   It is early in the morning. People are making their way here, up to  the House floor, following a great victory by my Republicans in the  Congressional baseball game last night--10-0, I may note.   But what is really playing out across America right now is people  can't afford the things that their family needs. I was speaking to a  woman the other day in south Milwaukee at a gas station, and I asked  her how much it costs her to now fill up her car with gas. And she  looked at me and she said, Bryan, I don't know because I have 40 bucks,  and 40 bucks doesn't fill up my tank with gas.   I spoke to another woman who said, Bryan, I can't take my daughter  out to dinner on Friday night for pizza because I can't afford it  because costs keep going up.   Americans are suffering from runaway inflation from the reckless  policies from one-party Democratic control. We have an open rule. The  Democrats could bring up any bill today. They could bring up any bill.   Americans are getting clobbered, clobbered with runaway inflation;  energy costs going through the roof. This woman in South Milwaukee  can't afford to fill up her car with gas.   And what will we see in the bills brought up today? They will intend  to distract, to change the subject. They want to talk about bills that  already passed the House. They want to talk about bills that have  nothing to do with inflation because they don't care about the woman in  South Milwaukee who can't afford to fill up her car with gas. They  don't care about the woman who can't afford to take her kids out to  pizza on Friday nights.   And count me as darn surprised if we see legislation brought by the  Democratic majority today that addresses the inflation crisis; that  addresses the energy crisis.    Madam Speaker, they are going to send everybody in this  institution home for more than a month with runaway inflation; interest  rates going up so people can't afford to buy a house; an energy policy  that refuses to unleash American energy so that this woman in South  Milwaukee can't afford to fill up her car.   Republicans have answers to the challenges of the day. And I thank my  colleague from Arkansas for his thoughtful bill that would be brought  up if we defeat this previous question; that would actually put a check  on the runaway bureaucratic process that we see. This one attacks the  runaway process at the Securities and Exchange Commission, that should  properly be named securities and environmental commission.   And my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, Madam Speaker,  really like renaming things, so I suggest, while we redefine recession,  we throw in redefining the SEC today.   People are getting clobbered. The bill by my colleague from Arkansas  is a pretty thoughtful approach. It says, hey, instead of all this  additional regulation, these costs that get passed on to consumers at  the end of the day, maybe what we do is we focus on getting some  economic growth back; bringing inflation down.   And so count me as excited if, under this rule--and again, the  Democrats could bring any bill to the floor on the last day. Is that  bill going to be something that substantively and meaningfully  addresses inflation, addresses energy costs? Or are they going to bring  up another topic to distract the American people from the crisis that  is playing out across our country?    Count me as shocked if we see a bill that addresses inflation today.   