 Madam Speaker, I am especially grateful to the ranking  member for allowing me 2 minutes because he knows I am rising in  support of this bill.   I understand and completely agree with my friend, Mr. Westerman, who  is a dear friend and who does a wonderful job as ranking member on this  committee. I understand his frustration with this process because this  did come up quickly. There are a lot of unanswered questions about what  this will mean, depending on what the Puerto Rican people will choose.   I agree with him when he said that America is a beacon of hope to the  world, and it is a light to the world. I think that makes the case for  why we should allow the Puerto Rican people to make their choice about  their own future.   I have heard concerns on our side about economic issues, taking on  debt. I think this bill will specifically address that. Puerto Rico, if  it chooses to be a State, would keep the debt. I would argue the  opposite. Puerto Rico has been a territory since 1898, with 3.2 million  American citizens. We have not provided them every tool we possibly can  to ensure they can be prosperous.   I have visited Puerto Rico. I have a large community in my district  from Puerto Rico, who have family. I visited after the hurricane. I was  grateful for the support that we were able to provide.   But let's give every tool that we possibly can, including full  citizenship in the United States of America, if that is what they  choose, to be prosperous, to contribute to the American economy.    I think we can look at this as a net positive. It will be a net  positive if, indeed, Puerto Rico chooses to become the 51st State.   Again, I am grateful for the work of the ranking member and the  committee on this. It is not taken lightly to disagree with him on a  particular issue. There will be other steps in this process.    There will be other steps in this process during which I  hope some of those real, legitimate questions can be answered.   We should allow the Puerto Rican people to make their choice about  their future. I know, certainly, the Puerto Rican population, who have  families back in the community, this is what they are looking for. I am  proud to stand with them and their family members if they have the  opportunity to freely determine the future of their beloved island.   