 Mr. Speaker, it is great to be here today to recognize  National Bible Week and, especially, along with my colleague, Doug  Lamborn from the great State of Colorado.  [[Page H8794]]  I appreciate his willingness to organize this this evening and to call  attention to a book that has had more impact on world history than any  other book I think that has ever been written.   I just want to say that here in this Chamber we are reminded, as we  look around, of the influence the Bible has had. I look around the room  here and see the reliefs of many lawgivers that were depicted around  the top of the ceiling that shows that there were men over the ages  that have contributed to the making of laws; and it is, of course, to  remind us of what our job here is, to make great laws.   But what strikes me is the one that is over the main door that leads  into the House Chamber here in the Capitol, and that is a relief of  Moses. The relief of Moses that is behind me is different from the  other reliefs there. He is neither looking to the left nor to the  right. He is looking straight down, actually, on you, Mr. Speaker.   I don't think it is any coincidence when they designed this room that  they had that in mind; that Moses was the great lawgiver because he  gave the laws that came from God.   Of course, above the Speaker's chair are the words ``In God We  Trust.'' So it is on and on throughout the Capitol building itself you  see--we remember that the Bible has such a significant part.   But there is one painting here in the Capitol building that I want to  call your attention to, in closing, that a lot of people don't really  think about, and that is the signing of the Constitution.   They have seen this painting, but it is here just a few steps from  where I stand right now, and it was painted in 1940. The artist was  commissioned to design a painting showing the signing of the  Constitution in Philadelphia.   In that painting you will see several of the delegates, and most of  the delegates are actually depicted in that particular painting. In  that particular painting, you have George Washington that is  presiding over the signing of the Constitution. You can see Ben  Franklin prominently depicted there, and several other of the Founding  Fathers that you can see depicted.    But on the far right, at the bottom, you will see one of the  delegates there, who was Delegate Robert Morris from Pennsylvania.  Unless you look closely at that painting, you may not notice, but he  has his elbow on the table and right beside his elbow is a book that is  open.   If you are like me, you may have passed by that painting on many  occasions but never noticed what that book was about because you just  think it is maybe some law book that was open there during that  particular time.   But quite honestly, if you look closely at the painting, you can see  that it says, ``Saint Matthew, Chapter 5.'' I can't help but believe  that during the discussions that day, when they were drawing up the  Constitution and signing it, that that particular book of the Bible had  a very significant impact, importance upon the discussion that was made  there.   Because of that, I have read through Chapter 5 of Matthew and tried  to really sort of figure out what it is that maybe they were talking  about that particular day. But I can only guess that one of the verses  in Chapter 5 that they may have been paying attention to in particular  was the verse that says, don't hide your light under a bushel, and let  your light shine before men.   They wanted the United States of America to be a light to the rest of  the world. They wanted it to be a city on a hill that would not be hid;  and that is exactly what I believe that our Nation has done over the  last 250 years.   So Mr. Speaker, it is great to have a chance to talk about the Bible,  National Bible Week, and I congratulate my colleague, Congressman  Lamborn, for his work here. I thank him for us being able to draw  attention to this book that has really changed the life of so many and,  literally, millions of people around the world.   