 Madam President, I join my colleagues to discuss the  importance of tackling the issues on the border and with our  immigration system.   I think what folks have heard so far is that Republicans and  Democrats can find a lot of common ground, even on this topic, and I am  here today because securing our border and fixing our broken  immigration system is a priority for me and for the State of Arizona.   The State of Arizona bears the brunt of Washington's failure on this  issue, and this is a national security issue. For decades now,  politicians have tried and failed to fix our border and fix our  immigration system. We see crisis after crisis under administrations of  both parties, and we see attempts by Congress to pass reforms fizzle  out over and over and over again, because on this issue, more than any  other, folks often retreat to partisan corners rather than finding  common ground that we know exists.   It is what led the Federal Government to fail border States like  Arizona for decades when it comes to border security, and it has led to  a broken immigration system that doesn't work for families. It doesn't  work for Dreamers. It doesn't work for businesses, small and large, and  it doesn't work for our country.   In Arizona, these aren't abstract issues. These aren't theoretical  questions to debate over. These are real problems, and Arizonans  deserve real  [[Page S7811]]  solutions. Our State is left to deal with crisis after crisis at the  border, including the one we are facing right now, where record numbers  of border crossings are straining law enforcement, and it is straining  humanitarian organizations.   This is unsustainable, and a change to title 42 authority now is only  going to make these challenges worse.   So that is why we are here today, because it is past time for  Congress to work together to reform the broken immigration system and  plan better to prevent this continued humanitarian crisis.   Over the past couple of weeks, including today, I have been speaking  with Arizona officials on the border about the situation on the ground.  That includes Border Patrol, who are seeing their staff stretched even  further. That includes cities and counties that are having their  emergency services strained. And that includes humanitarian and  nonprofit organizations that are trying to increase their capacity  because they are being stretched so thin. And they are expecting to be  stretched even further just to help people.   So I have been pushing the Department of Homeland Security as they  work to mobilize as much staffing and resources and coordination as  they can ahead of a change in the title 42 authority. There is a lot  left to do, and I will keep working with them toward a secure, humane,  and orderly process at the border.   But ultimately--ultimately--Congress needs to step up too. We have to  do our jobs, because it is not just Arizona that sees the impacts of  Washington's collective repeated failures to tackle this issue. There  are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers across the country who are just  as American as my own two kids or my grandkid, and they still do not  have a pathway to citizenship.   They watch every court case, every legislative effort to understand  how it will impact their lives. That is so they can determine if they  can continue living, studying, and working in the only country that  they have ever known. Planning their lives, their careers, their goals  based on the outcome of a court hearing or what we do in this room or  fail to do--that is just wrong.   They deserve a pathway to citizenship. I know it is a priority for  many whom I have spoken to here over the last 2 years. It is time we do  this.   Furthermore, our immigration system just doesn't work for our  economy. Across the country, there are businesses that can't get the  workforce they need or that face huge backlogs in the immigration  system, and a lot of families face similar backlogs too. These are  folks who are following the rules laid out by our laws, but still run  into a wall of bureaucracy. It is leading to labor shortages that  squeeze supply chains and raise prices. So let's fix it.   And let's take action to better secure the border. That includes  putting up physical barriers where they make sense, just like I have  been able to do in places like the Morelos Dam in Yuma, where I pushed  to finish the construction, but also hiring more Border Patrol  personnel, increasing their pay, and deploying more of the right  technology.   Here is the thing. When you are willing to sit down and really work  together, you find that there is a lot of common ground on this issue.   So that is my message to my colleagues today: Come to the table, and  let's get this done. Let's stop just kicking the can down the road.  Let's do the tough work that we were sent here to do and get something  done to secure the border and fix our broken immigration system.   I yield the floor.   