 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, first of all, I would like to say  thanks to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for getting out here  today and starting down the road to making daylight saving time  permanent.   I cannot overstate how grateful I am that this bill passed this  Chamber just a few minutes ago by unanimous consent. It is especially  timely given that we all had to change our clocks this past weekend,  and we are now experiencing longer, sunnier days, but it would be  better news if longer, sunnier days were a new norm and not a cause for  a temporary, seasonal celebration, which is why I hope my colleagues in  the House of Representatives pass this bill quickly.   The practice of springing forward impacts folks across the Nation and  has far-reaching benefits beyond the obvious but enjoyable hour of  daylight that brings happy, happy times to everybody.   Alabamians have made this clear. Since I joined Senator Rubio in the  effort to pass the Sunshine Protection Act, the phones in my office  have been absolutely ringing off the hook in support of permanently  adopting daylight saving time--from moms and dads who want more  daylight time before putting their kids to bed so dinnertime doesn't  feel like bedtime and from elderly people who want more Sun in the  evenings in order to take a walk or enjoy working in their yards. For  farmers, who could use the extra daylight to work in the fields, it is  a better business model and adds to the bottom line.   But it is not just people in the State of Alabama; Americans across  the country want to make daylight saving time permanent. In fact, it is  worth noting that this bill has bipartisan support, evidenced by the  fact that it passed with no objection here in the Senate mere moments  ago. It is no secret how rare that is here in this Chamber.   Locking the clock, or doing away with the twice-a-year time change,  is a simple measure that would have far-reaching results. For example,  from a health perspective, cases of SAD, or seasonal affective  disorder, are much more common in the winter months than in the summer  months. From an economic perspective, the time change costs the U.S.  economy an estimated $430 million annually when accounting for lost  productivity. It is simply common sense to update this outdated  practice.   Daylight saving time began as a temporary measure during World War I  to conserve energy, but in the last century, our world has changed  dramatically. What might have made sense during 1918 does not make  sense today. That is why Alabama, along with 17 other State  legislatures, has passed legislation or resolutions to flip the switch  on this outdated practice and permanently increase our daylight hours,  but these changes at the State level cannot take place until a Federal  law is passed. We have taken the first step today in the Senate by  passing this bill. Now it is on the House's side.   Again, my thanks to Senator Rubio and my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle. I hope the House acts quickly so we can get this to the  President's desk and get the results that the American people want, and  that is more sunshine.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   