 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Today, the United States Supreme Court stood up in defense of the  Constitution in recognizing that it is the people--the people--who  should be able to come together and make decisions about life and to be  able to stand up and protect the God-given right to life.   Here today on the floor of this body, the people's House--the so- called people's House--is taking up legislation that is in direct  conflict with the United States Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and  the right to keep and bear arms. It is purposeful.   Do you know what?   When our colleagues say things like what the President said, that  whether it is a 9-millimeter pistol or a rifle, I am going to continue  to push to eliminate the sale of those things. When it is  Representative Mondaire Jones saying that semi-automatic weapons would  qualify as assault weapons and these things should be banned. Or when  the Democrats tweeted that semi-automatic rifles are weapons of war,  then we should believe you.   We should believe you that you want to take those weapons. That is  what you are saying. That is what my colleagues are saying.   Here is the thing: my colleagues say, oh, don't worry, this is just  money for mental health.   Do you know what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and  some academics say?   They have put out stories talking about how supposedly conservatives  are suffering from mental health issues and that Republicans have  become the cult of the mentally ill.   ``Is political conservatism a mild form of insanity?'' writes  Psychology Today.   You get article after article.   What do you think you want to do with the mental health money? What  do you think you want to do?   You want to come after our ability to defend ourselves against the  very tyranny you want to undermine by taking away the weapons we can  use to defend ourselves against that tyranny. That is the purpose.   My colleagues on this side of the aisle--the handful who are going  along with it--should be ashamed of themselves because right now,  today, we have a duty to stand up here and defend our right to defend  ourselves against the very tyranny that you ignore.   