 Madam President, this week President  [[Page S984]]  Biden's State of the Union speech addressed an issue I have long worked  on. It is the issue of police reform. After years--and I do mean  years--of Democrats' touting unpopular ``defund the police'' policies,  they have finally seen the light--maybe it is the light on their  sinking polling numbers--and are now voicing support for funding our  men and women in uniform.   Crime is one of the top issues people across this country are facing.  Homicides are up 44 percent in major cities since 2019, and minority  communities that have been impacted the most are crying out for help.   Eighty-five percent--85 percent--is the number of the increase from  2019 to 2020 in the murders and the violent crimes in Black and  Hispanic communities. In addition, last year was one of the most  dangerous, deadliest years for law enforcement on record, with the most  officers being shot in the line of duty since they began tracking the  numbers. That is nearly a 70-percent increase in officers being shot  while simply trying to do their duty, take care of the community, and  return to their families.   So this is not an issue between law enforcement or the minority  community; this is an issue of both. Today, 80 percent of African  Americans all over the country want the same level of policing or  higher levels of policing. They want their neighborhoods safe because  they understand more than anyone else--with the 85-percent increase,  they understand the importance of the presence of character-driven law  enforcement officers patrolling our communities.   The numbers simply do not lie.   That is why we must increase funding for police departments so they  can have the training and the equipment, the resources necessary to do  their jobs, keeping themselves safe and the neighborhoods that they  patrol safe at the exact same time.   In his speech this week, President Biden named things I have been  working on and supporting for years along with my Republican  colleagues. We have literally been supporting the issues he raised for  the last 2 or 3 years.   My legislation, the JUSTICE Act, was filibustered on this very floor  by Senate Democrats in 2020. It contained hundreds of millions of  dollars for the very things President Biden, under duress and in an  election year for so many Democrats, is now advocating for.   In my bill, as an example, we funded training; we funded storage; and  we funded the purchase of more body-worn cameras for our officers  because the polling and the stats are undeniable. When violent crime  against our officers goes down, violent crime against the community  goes down.   We funded training on alternatives for the use of force. We funded  deescalation training. We addressed the issues of behavioral health. We  funded efforts to ensure law enforcement officers come from diverse  backgrounds that reflect the communities that they serve, but Democrats  refused to support those efforts.    Fast-forward to 2021. The legislation that I was negotiating over the  last year would ban choke holds, with the only exception being the life  of the officer. We took a strong stance on no-knock warrants. We worked  to provide support for officers who were experiencing PTSD, and we  supported providing co-responders to scenes where there was a mental  health episode happening.   The truth is, we were almost there--getting a bill done--when my  negotiating partners left the table.   In this election year, I am glad to hear that President Biden and  Democrats are now, suddenly, talking positively about an issue that  every community around the country has been talking about for the last  2 years.   I want more than talk. I want to see action. I am still at the table.  I am still waiting for anyone, from anywhere, at any time, to show up  at this table and take care of our police officers so they can continue  to take care of our communities. I look forward to reintroducing  legislation very quickly to refund the police after so many efforts to  defund the police have succeeded in cities across our great Nation.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to come back to  the negotiating table, which I never left, so that we can ensure the  proper level of funding for our officers, who provide great levels of  safety for our communities.   Also, for the last 3 years, I have worked really hard with my friends  across the aisle on lynching legislation--lynching legislation that has  failed in this body 200 times--and we passed it. We passed it twice  under Republican leadership, in this Senate, only for it to fall apart  in the House. Well, the House has taken up that legislation, and they  have renamed it. That is a good thing if they will pass it. If it takes  a new name and minor tweaks to get this legislation signed into law-- legislation that has failed 200 times--I welcome a new name; I welcome  some technical changes. I think we are almost there on this, too.   This is the year, and now is the time that we do the right thing, not  for Republicans or Democrats but for Americans, who have watched with  bewildered eyes and confused hearts the government fall short on issues  of importance to them again and again and again. Let this year be the  year we put politics to the side, and we get it done.   