 Madam President, I am here today, along with my  Republican colleagues, because American families are suffering. Florida  families are suffering at the hand of the Biden administration's war on  energy independence.   Last month, I heard about a church in St. Petersburg--just south of  Tampa--that makes hot meals for those who have fallen on tough times.  Like many other churches across the country, they started making the  meals for Thanksgiving, but this church decided to keep it going, and  since, they have made thousands of hot meals for families. Here is the  problem: Fewer people are coming because those families who need the  food now can't even afford to make the trip because gas is so  expensive. The poorest families in my State are having to make the  impossible choice of sacrificing a hot meal because they can't afford  to put gas in their cars.   I want to reiterate this point because I want my Democrat colleagues  who, like Joe Biden, think inflation is a ``high-class problem'' or  some ``incredible transition'' to understand the gravity of this  administration's inflation crisis. Families in my State of Florida are  having to turn down an opportunity for a free hot meal because they  can't afford the gas to get over to the church and get it.   It makes me furious to see this happening in my State and all across  our country, all the while, while Joe Biden does nothing to fix it. He  has done nothing.   As of today, the average price of a gallon of gas is $4.63. The day  Joe Biden took office, gas was averaging $2.37 per gallon. According to  the U.S. Energy Information Administration, in 15 different months of  Joe Biden's Presidency, the national average for gas prices has risen.  But the Democrats up here don't seem to care.   You all remember how last month the senior Senator from Michigan  explained during a hearing of the Finance Committee that, unlike her  constituents, she doesn't worry about gas prices because she has the  means to afford an electric car. She actually said that. Then, when she  gets to work in Washington, she gets to charge her car at the Capitol  for free, while taxpayers foot the bill. Good for her, but that is not  a realistic solution for the millions of Americans suffering under the  Biden administration's failed energy policy.   Democrats in Washington know the effect these high prices are having,  and they are celebrating because their radically progressive campaign  against energy independence is working. But Americans are not  celebrating; they are struggling.   Unlike the liberal elites running our government, I am not going to  stand for it. That is why earlier this year I introduced the FREE  American Energy Act, to expedite the Federal Agencies' review process  of applications for permits, waivers, licenses, or other authorizations  related to energy production. It is why I have introduced the GAS PRICE  Act. It would direct the Energy Information Administration to report to  Congress any policy or rule set by the Biden administration which  raises energy costs for American families. I even asked the Senate to  pass the GAS PRICE Act by unanimous consent this past October, but  Senate Democrats blocked its passage. It is as if they want to keep  Americans in the dark on why energy prices are rising.   We also need to speed up the approval process for oil permitting, and  Americans need to know that this administration is purposely trying to  make life more difficult and more expensive. We have the resources  within our borders to be energy independent and for everyday life to be  affordable.   While we are ramping up American production, we need to completely  halt sales of U.S. oil to communist China. That is right--while gas  prices remain sky-high here, the Biden administration is still giving a  green light for American oil to be sold to our enemies, like communist  China. That is hard to believe.   I was proud to join with my friend and fellow Floridian, Senator  Marco Rubio, to introduce the China Oil Export Prohibition Act last  month to stop these sales. We shouldn't be helping our enemies or  asking foreign nations to increase supply. We should be increasing our  American supply within our borders. We did it during the Trump  administration, and we can do it again.   Joe Biden can roll back the countless regulations he instituted that  are hurting our domestic production. The White House, the EPA, and the  Department of the Interior, and the Department of Energy can end their  campaign against American oil producers and start working to create an  agenda of energy independence.   Congress can pass my legislation to make oil permitting faster and  give greater transparency into the impact legislation from Congress has  on energy prices. We don't have to throw up our hands and do nothing  and give up. Joe Biden and the Democrats who control Washington can and  must take real action to start producing energy within our borders  safely once again. Our future is bleak if we don't.   I yield the floor.   