 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for including in  this bill the Heath Robinson Burn Pit Transparency Act as a part of  this comprehensive bill to address toxic exposure in our veteran  community. I rise today to discuss my amendment, the Heath Robinson  Burn Pit Transparency Act, named for Heath Robinson whom I spoke about  in this very Chamber just 4 months ago.   I stand here humbled to see it come to the floor in a bipartisan  effort to finally address this dire problem.   Heath deployed to Kosovo in 2004 and Iraq in 2006 and was the Ohio  National Guard NCO Soldier of the Year in 2012 and 2013.   Being a soldier was Heath's identity. He was proud of his service and  humbled to serve overseas defending those he loved. While deployed,  Heath was exposed to burn pits in Iraq, and those toxic wounds of war  followed Heath home. He was a loving father, husband, and son who,  unfortunately and tragically, lost his life on May 6, 2020, at the  young age of 39. His story is a sobering one but reminds us why this  amendment is needed.   In late 2016, Heath began noticing early symptoms starting with  fatigue which worsened to chronic, gushing nosebleeds and bleeding from  his ears. After a dozen doctors were unable to provide answers, it was  finally determined that at the age of 35 he suffered from a rare  autoimmune disease. After new symptoms presented and Heath's condition  deteriorated, his family learned Heath was stricken with an extremely  rare form of lung cancer that, according to 20 oncologists, could have  only been caused by prolonged inhalation of concentrated toxic  substances.   Heath was eventually forced into a medical separation with his lung  cancer being deemed 100 percent service connected by the Veterans  Administration. His retirement documents specify that Heath was a  recently retired combat veteran. However, once he applied for  comprehensive caregiver benefits, the VA denied him. They stated that  although Heath Robinson's lung cancer was 100 percent service  connected, there was no evidence that his cancer was caused by burn  pits or combat related. His wife, a doctor of physical therapy, had to  take an unpaid leave of absence from a full-time job to handle her  husband's round-the-clock care. This service was paramount to this  family, and the VA failed them.   The final year of Heath's life consisted of his wife and her mom  watching helplessly as Heath suffered in pain, struggling to breathe  daily, and coughing incessantly. Many days were spent holding a basin  under his face to catch vomit and blood streaming from  [[Page H1282]]  his nose while they shoved the oxygen tube into his mouth  intermittently so he wouldn't die. They lost count of the number of  times he had to be rushed to the nearest emergency room only to be  transferred to a trauma hospital because the doctors had no idea what  to do with him. Doctors exclaimed that they had never seen a cancer  like Heath had.   The VA decided this American soldier and war veteran didn't qualify  for caregiver benefits because his exposure to inhaling toxic burn pit  smoke did not cause his lung cancer. The Robinson family suffered  tremendously while earned benefits were withheld by the VA.   The story of the Robinson family is one of many dating back years to  the days of Agent Orange when other veterans suffered the same fate.  When veterans seek treatment related to burn pit exposure, my amendment  requires the VA to report it to Congress. It demands transparency and  helps find policy solutions driven by large-scale data to get our  veterans the care they need and that they have earned. We can do better  to provide care for soldiers and family members, and we must provide  safeguards and transparency to ensure that.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), who is the chairman of the committee, for any  comments.    Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   