 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1316, I call  up the bill (H.R. 5376) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title  II of S. Con. Res. 14, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for  its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material into the Record on the Senate amendment  to H.R. 5376.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today is a big deal for  American families and a big deal for our planet.   The Inflation Reduction Act will lower healthcare costs and energy  costs for American families. It will allow Medicare to negotiate lower  prescription drug prices and cap drug costs for seniors, saving many  Medicare beneficiaries hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars each  year.   This legislation finally makes the biggest corporations start paying  their fair share in taxes, and it ensures that rich tax cheats start  paying what they owe.   The Inflation Reduction Act is fiscally responsible, fully paid for,  and has been strongly endorsed by top U.S. economists across the  political spectrum.   Not one American family making less than $400,000 a year will see  their Federal tax bill increased by this legislation, not by a penny.   The Inflation Reduction Act is also the biggest investment the U.S.  Government has ever made to combat climate change. It leapfrogs us  ahead of nearly every other country in terms of our commitment to  tackling this crisis.   Now, we have seen a lot of Republicans spreading misinformation about  this legislation, and it is for one reason and one reason only: They  are scared. They know the provisions of this bill are overwhelmingly  popular, yet because they consider it a Democratic bill, every single  one of them will be voting against it. This is a crystal-clear example  of Republicans putting party before country.   Just look at the numbers.   Mr. Speaker, 77 percent of Americans support placing caps on  prescription drug prices to lower healthcare costs. That is a key  component of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, 83 percent of Americans support allowing Medicare to  negotiate drug prices to make healthcare more affordable. That is  another key component of this bill.   Two-thirds of Americans think the government should do more to combat  climate change. This bill takes on climate change with the urgency it  deserves.   By opposing this bill, Republicans are making it very clear where  they stand: not with the American people, not with their priorities or  needs, but with Big Pharma, with corporate lobbyists, with tax cheats.   The American people are on our side. They want this bill. Today, in a  huge victory for them, we will send it to the President's desk to be  signed into law.   Let me remind my Republican colleagues what they are voting against.  They are voting against cutting prescription drug prices for their  constituents--in many cases, for lifesaving medication. They are voting  against combating inflation and lowering energy costs when American  families are desperate for us to take action. They are voting against  providing the largest Federal investment ever to combat the climate  crisis and its life-threatening consequences.   I could not be more proud that I will not only be voting ``yes'' on  this bill but that this historic legislation will bear my name.   With or without Republican support, today, we will make a real  difference. We will use the power of the Federal Government to make  American lives better and our country and planet safer. In other words,  we will do our job.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), the Assistant Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jeffries), the Democratic Caucus chair, and a distinguished  member of the Budget Committee.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the distinguished chair of the  Committee on Oversight and Reform.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Scott), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on  Education and Labor, and a member of the Budget Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I will say in response to the gentlewoman from Colorado  (Mrs. Boebert) that this is typical of what the Republicans are doing.   First of all, they are making up numbers. There is nowhere anywhere  that shows that 87,000 new IRS agents are going to be hired in this  bill. That is a totally fabricated number. The idea that they are  armed--I know that Mrs. Boebert would like everybody to be armed, as  they are in her restaurant, but that is not what IRS agents do.   Mr. Speaker, I would implore my Republican colleagues to cut out the  scare tactics, quit making things up, and debate the substance of this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Peters), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee.    Mr. Speaker, we just heard the big lie a couple more  times about 87,000 IRS agents that are going to be armed. It is total  bunk. Nonsense. The Republicans should stop it and tell the truth. They  are continuing to say it.   I will say one thing. We were informed last week by the Commissioner  of the IRS, Mr. Rettig, an appointee of former President Trump, that  audits would not increase for anybody making under $400,000 a year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms.  Jayapal), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), who is a distinguished member of the Budget  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), who is a distinguished member of the Budget  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), who is a distinguished member of the  Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I just want to clarify one thing. It seems to me that Republicans  just don't want people to pay taxes even if they are owed. We know  there are hundreds of billions of dollars of owed-but-not-paid taxes in  this country every year. This is an attempt to try and recover some of  that money that is owed and is not being paid by taxpayers who are, in  many cases, cheating.   To be clear, IRS has made no decisions or no announcements regarding  the potential hiring plans under this bill. As I said before, the  commissioner of the IRS has said that they are not going to increase  audits of people making under $400,000. A lot of this money is designed  to go to help service the legitimate and lawful taxpayers of this  country by giving them better service, making the IRS more responsive,  and to upgrading equipment which is now 50 or 60 years old in many  cases.   So they can continue with this claim that we are going to go after  taxpayers with armed IRS agents, and I know that Republicans would like  to arm every tax agent as they want to arm everybody else in this  country, but that is nonsense.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Khanna), who is a distinguished member of the Armed Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Green), who is the distinguished member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan), a distinguished member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Allred), a distinguished member of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Carter), a distinguished member of the Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Nevada (Mr. Horsford), a distinguished member of the Budget  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I want to respond one more time to these  claims about 87,000 new IRS agents. The IRS has never made any  announcement about plans to hire any number of agents. The Washington  Post fact-checker has actually given that claim three Pinocchios.  Again, these are Republicans making it up to scare the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms.  Spanberger), a distinguished member of the Committee on Agriculture.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jones), a distinguished member of the Committee on the  Judiciary.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Ross), a distinguished member of the Committee on  the Judiciary.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I want to remind my Republican colleagues and the  American people, once again, what Republicans will be voting against  today.   They will be voting against cutting prescription drug prices for  their constituents. They will be voting against combating inflation and  lowering energy costs. They will be voting against the largest Federal  investment in dealing with climate crisis in the history of this  country.   I cannot believe that I still heard from the other side today the  hoax comment, that climate change is a hoax. You would think that as we  watch what is going on in the world, while I watch what is going on in  my State, when my citizens in eastern Kentucky were devastated by  historic floods, when my citizens in western Kentucky were devastated  by historic tornadoes, all of which scientists have said were  exacerbated by climate change, that there are still people who deny  that climate change exists.   But for the first time in this country, we will show true leadership  to the world, that we are taking action, and we are going to lead the  world in combating climate change.   The gentleman from Texas said Democrats own this bill. Yes, we do.  Proud of it. I don't know one member of the Democratic Caucus who is  not thrilled to death today that we are doing what we are doing,  because the vast majority of the American people support what we are  doing. The vast majority of the American people want us to cap out-of- pocket expenses for seniors for their medications at $2,000.   Republicans say no. They are going to vote against that. They are  going to vote against a cap of a $35 copay for insulin. Tens of  millions of Americans will benefit from that.   We know that five former Secretaries of the Treasury from both  Democratic and Republican administrations, 126 of our Nation's top  economists, including seven Nobel Laureates, support the Inflation  Reduction Act.   On other side, we have Big Pharma, corporate lobbyists, tax cheats,  and congressional Republicans.   This debate has made clearer than ever that Democrats are working to  make life better for the American people while Republicans just don't  care. It is as simple as it is harsh.   This legislation is important, historic, and a significant win for  American families and for the planet.   I will be voting ``yes'' on the Inflation Reduction Act, and soon we  will be sending it to President Biden's desk to be signed into law. I  know he will be proud to do that as well.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   