 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to speak for up to 5 minutes, followed by Senator Menendez to speak for  up to 10 minutes, before the scheduled rollcall vote.    I think it was just a minute or 2 for you and the rest for  me, Senator.    I would ask for 5 minutes for myself and 10 minutes for  yourself. Is that sufficient?    Mr. President, fellow citizens, I rise today to speak on  behalf of the Cruz-Risch Nord Stream 2 bill, which is designated as S.  3436. To start with, it is important to note that this bill has  language which is almost identical to the bipartisan language that was  contained in the House-passed National Defense Authorization Act. Both  bodies passed this language. It was, unfortunately, taken out in the  conference of that bill before it went to the White House. But now,  this language is back before us in this bill. And what it would do is  it would immediately sanction Nord Stream 2--Putin's premier energy  weapon against Europe and Ukraine, particularly.   The timing could not be more important. Ukraine stands on the brink  of invasion, and Europe is in the throes of an energy crisis created by  Russia. There is a reason Ukraine's President Zelensky tweeted an  urgent request in December for all friends of Ukraine and Europe in the  U.S. Senate to back these sanctions. That request is before us at this  moment.   We are now seeing the consequences of the administration's decision  to waive P.E.E.S.A. sanctions and the refusal to impose CAATSA  sanctions. Months ago, the administration set the stage for this mess  on Ukraine's border and emboldened Putin.   Russia has deliberately cut gas transmission to Europe through  Ukraine and is using high energy prices to pressure the European Union  into approving Nord Stream 2 as quickly as possible. Putin has publicly  stated that fact.   Meanwhile, Russian forces continue their buildup along the border  with Ukraine in preparation for what could be a full-scale invasion.  Clearly, the administration's efforts have failed to signal credibility  and resolve and have not deterred Putin from continuing along the path  to war.   U.S. diplomacy needs additional action, not just rhetoric, to stop a  Russian invasion. And these sanctions would provide that by putting  Congress in charge of waiver authority. A vote for these sanctions will  provide credibility to our threat, sending a strong message to Putin.   Remember, Nord Stream 2 is designed to replace Ukraine's gas transit  system, meaning Russia no longer has to worry about destroying its own  infrastructure in the event of a full-scale war. We must not allow  Putin's blackmail to succeed.   Nord Stream 2 has always been a bipartisan issue here in the Senate,  and it should continue to be. Not a single Member of Congress supports  the completion of this pipeline. I would like to think a similar number  of us feel we  [[Page S215]]  should not ignore our friends in Europe, particularly Central and  Eastern Europe, who stand to lose the most from Nord Stream 2.   Our bill would impose mandatory sanctions against Nord Stream 2 AG,  the company responsible for the project, as well as the companies  involved in testing and certifying the pipeline before it becomes  operational.   We do provide the administration with a pathway to lifting these  targeted sanctions, pending congressional review. This pathway is the  exact same process for congressional input that 98 Senators voted for  in CAATSA, just a few years ago. The time to act is now. I urge my  colleagues to vote in favor of this bill.   I yield the floor.    