 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for his  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Honoring our PACT  Act.    All too often, many veterans hear the words ``thank you for your  service'' but don't see enough action behind those words.   Sadly, that has been true for millions of veterans who were exposed  to toxic substances during their service and are now suffering from  related health conditions.   While they defended our country, they were exposed to burn pits, PFAS  chemicals, and more, but we failed to hold up our end of the bargain to  care for them when they returned home.   In the case of Vietnam veterans, many who were exposed to Agent  Orange, were forced to wait more than 40 years before they saw proper  benefits.   For too long, the burden of proof has been on the veteran to show  that their illness is a result of toxic exposure they experienced  during their service. For too long, veterans have been told that it is  too expensive to cover the range of health issues that they have as a  result of their toxic exposure. That is wrong, and we must do better  for our veterans.   With the Honoring our PACT Act, we can do right by our veterans. This  includes finally presuming that if they were exposed to toxic  substances during their service and are now experiencing one of 23  respiratory illnesses and cancers, then that illness is as a result of  their exposure, and they are owed proper access to benefits and care  through the VA.   I also want to highlight what I hope will become a key piece of this  bill, an amendment I offered to authorize Federal grants for county  veterans service officers who help veterans and their families  understand resources at their disposal, file benefit claims, and  represent veterans in VA hearings.   County veterans service officers are often veterans' best allies in  navigating red tape within the VA and securing the benefits that  veterans have earned, which will be particularly important for the 3.5  million veterans who may be eligible for new benefits and care as a  result of this legislation.   The amendment is similar to my Commitment to Veteran Support and  Outreach Act, which I introduced with a bipartisan group last year. I  hope to see it move forward as part of our Honoring our PACT Act today.   As I said, this legislation is our opportunity to put real action  behind our words. Saying ``thank you for your service'' has never been  enough. It is time to fulfill the promises we made to our troops and  invest in the care and benefits they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   