 Reserving the right to object, Mr. President.    Mr. President, let me say to our colleague from Louisiana  that I very much agree with much of the statement he has given. I have  been interested in these sensible policies with respect to providers  since the days when I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers. So  our colleague from Louisiana is talking about important issues.   As chair of the Finance Committee, I can say that nobody on either  side wants to see financial hardship for healthcare providers or  disruption to the healthcare system. This is particularly important  when you have got COVID, what looks like a god-awful flu, and an RSV  crisis filling up the doctors' and hospitals' waiting rooms nationwide.   What I can tell my colleague from Louisiana is that, on both sides of  the aisle on the Finance Committee, Democrats and Republicans have put  in some long hours--long hours--discussing solutions to these physician  payment issues with our colleagues in the House on both sides and the  administration.   Our discussions include other critical healthcare issues. For  example, I think my colleague knows that Senator Crapo and I have been  very focused on mental healthcare, making it easier for Americans to  get mental healthcare when they need it.   And we are especially proud that this bipartisanship is paying off.  As our colleagues may know, Senator Crapo and I got four major  provisions--four--into the commonsense gun safety law--everything from  helping kids on Medicaid, behavioral health--our colleague, Senator  Stabenow. So we believe strongly in writing black-letter law on a  bipartisan basis.   Now, the reason I am taking the time to put this into context, it is  very important that our bipartisan discussions on a yearend healthcare  package continue. Time is, obviously, short.   I am just coming off two red-eye flights to Oregon in the last 4  days, and I want my colleague to know, again, I appreciate much of what  he has said. I didn't come to the floor to say, Senator Kennedy is  horrible. Quite the contrary. I think he has good ideas here. Time is  tight, and I am confident there is a bipartisan agreement around the  corner.   I do say to my colleague, passing this proposal now, in my view,  would make this process that we are part of, Senator Crapo and I-- talking to the administration, talking to the House, and doing all the  things that my colleagues have a lot of experience on--passing this  proposal now would make it harder to reach a bipartisan agreement on  physician payments, mental health, a variety of other key kinds of  issues. So I will just say, with the understanding, a, that my  colleague has raised important points and, b, that Members on both  sides are working towards a  [[Page S7113]]  shared goal on this issue, Mr. President, I object.   