 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose Mr. Perry's  amendment.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsylvania's  amendment would undermine the U.S. leadership on climate change and  isolate the United States on the world stage on a critical issue for  the future of our Nation and the future of the world.   Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues claim that they are deeply  alarmed by China. They implore us to counter a threat from the People's  Republic of China, yet when a comprehensive bill is in front of them to  strengthen the United States' competitiveness on the world stage,  including on our diplomacy, all of that urgency goes out the window.   And why? Why aren't Republicans clamoring to vote for America  COMPETES Act? This amendment makes clear that it is at least in part  because of their climate denialism. Republicans just don't want to  address climate in this China bill, even though China is the biggest  emitter of greenhouse gases and is outcompeting us at the same time in  creating the green energy jobs of the future. The truth is, they don't  want the United States to address climate change, period.   Our closest allies were aghast when President Trump pulled us out of  the Paris climate agreement, and China took advantage of that in every  way that it could, painting the United States as the irresponsible  party on the world stage. Now Mr. Perry's amendment would have us make  the same mistake again.   If we want to hold China accountable for its coal power plants and  its rising emissions, we need to be at the table to pressure it to do  better, and we need to lead multilateral efforts to combat climate  change and invest in green energy and green projects, because if we  don't, China will be more than happy to fill in with its unsustainable  Belt and Road Initiative projects and its financing, which always comes  with strings attached.   For those reasons and others, I oppose this amendment and ask my  colleagues to do the same.   I reserve the balance of my time, Madam Speaker.    Madam Speaker, regarding Mr. Perry's amendment, if the  United States does not choose to lead on the issue of climate change,  we can't outcompete China or expect the world to join us in countering  China's policies.   To compete, we must lead the world forward, and we must face reality  and be willing to enact policies that deal with reality. This amendment  is about taking America backward, and so I ask my colleagues to oppose  it.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   