 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Respect for Child Survivors Act. As Co-Founder and Chairman of the  Congressional Crime Survivors and Justice Caucus, I am proud to put  forward legislation that helps protect the most vulnerable in our  communities. This important legislation was brought about, in part, by  the failings of the FBI during its handling of the Larry Nassar sexual  abuse cases. The Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General  found that the FBI did not properly handle or document evidence  gathering with USA Gymnastics or the victims and did not notify state  or local authorities of the sexual assault allegations. This bill is  intended to prevent similar situations from happening with future  investigations. The legislation will require the FBI to utilize  multidisciplinary teams, made up of trauma-informed experts, when  interviewing a victim who reports child abuse or trafficking. The use  of these teams would prevent further traumatizing victims. In addition,  the bill's information sharing and case review provisions would ensure  accountability so cases are not mishandled in the future.   This legislation also includes another bill I am proud to lead, the  Victims of Child Abuse Act (VOCAA) Reauthorization Act of 2021. This  legislation will reauthorize funding for Children's Advocacy Centers  through the Victims of Child Abuse Act through 2028. Victims and  survivors of child abuse must have access to the resources and care  provided by Children's Advocacy Centers to heal from their trauma. This  legislation will put the authorized level in line with the increased  Fiscal Year 2023 funding level set by appropriators. I worked to  reauthorize VOCAA in both 2013 and 2018 and will continue to ensure  that VOCAA is reauthorized and fully funded.   I want to thank the bipartisan group of legislators that have helped  champion this legislation. In the House, Representatives Tony Gonzales  and Brian Fitzpatrick are the Republican Leads on the Respect for Child  Survivors Act and Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization Act,  respectively. I also would like to thank Senators Coons, Cornyn,  Klobuchar, and Graham, who have championed this through the Senate.  Finally, thank you to the Chairs and Ranking Members of the respective  committees of jurisdiction in the House and Senate for helping to get  these important pieces of legislation to the floor.   The Respect for Child Survivors Act is endorsed by Rape Abuse &  Incest National Network, the National District Attorneys Association,  Army of Survivors, the National Children's Alliance, Keep Kids Safe,  Together for Girls, Darkness to Light, the Monique Bun Foundation for  Children, the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP), and  the Brave Movement. The VOCAA Reauthorization Act is endorsed by  National Children's Alliance, National Children's Advocacy Center,  Northeast Regional Children's Advocacy Center, Midwest Regional  Children's Advocacy Center. Western Regional Children's Advocacy  Center, Southern Regional Children's Advocacy Center, Fraternal Order  of Police, National District Attorneys Association, National  Association of Police Organizations, Major County Sheriffs'  Association, Major Cities Chiefs Association, and the Sergeants  Benevolent Association NYPD. I thank these groups for their support of  these bills and for their advocacy.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 4926--the Respect for  Child Survivors Act.   