 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the CHIPS  and Science Act.   As a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and as  chair of the Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee, I couldn't be more  thrilled to pass this historic bill today.   The bill makes transformational new investments in research,  innovation, and American manufacturing, which will bolster our  leadership across the globe.   I want to take a moment to highlight some of the specific provisions  that I championed along the way. The CHIPS and Science Act includes my  National Secure Data Service Act, which will create a pilot program at  the National Science Foundation to test different approaches on how we  can link government-wide data.   Right now, the lack of coordination across the federal government's  data infrastructure limits the ability to generate timely information  that is needed to promote evidence-based policymaking.   Another provision I am thrilled with is the inclusion of the DOE  Science for the Future Act.   This provision includes a massive investment into our fusion energy  R&D enterprise.   We are on the cusp of bringing fusion energy to the grid in the next  decade and I am so excited that this bill will bolster our research and  efforts on it at DOE.   Finally, I am over the moon (pun intended) about the inclusion of a  NASA Authorization in the final package.  [[Page H7387]]    Congress has not authorized NASA since 2017, and this has been my  number one priority since taking over the chairmanship of the Space and  Aeronautics Subcommittee last year.   The bill authorizes key programs at NASA including Artemis, ISS  extension, sustainable aviation, space nuclear systems, and many  science missions.   It also contains my Cleaner, Quieter Airplanes Act and NASA Enhanced  Use Leasing Act--both huge wins for NASA and our communities.   Simply put, the CHIPS and Science Act will be a huge boon to our  nation's leadership in key areas and I am so looking forward to voting  a resounding yes.   