 Mr. President, from the second that they wake up in  the morning to the moment they put their heads on the pillow at night,  the American people are burning through cash. And, as I have spent the  last 2 weeks talking with Tennesseans, talking with people in the real  world, this is a sentiment that they continue to talk about.   Now, they know inflation is real. It wasn't temporary. It wasn't  something that was just a problem for the rich. It is a problem that  hits every single individual, and the spin that is coming out of the  White House really is not resonating with hard-working taxpayers  anymore.   When I am out and about in Tennessee, people are talking about  inflation, the border, and the sense of despair that they see taking  over their communities. And they cannot get over the lengths to which  this White House and this administration have gone to try to convince  them that everything is OK, you don't have anything to worry about, and  things are better than they have ever been.   They can't believe it. They can't believe that this administration is  living in the land of denial, because they know that this message  doesn't add up with the reality of their lives, and they have spent 16  months digging themselves out from under massive gas and grocery bills.  Every time they fill up the tank or they fill up the grocery cart, they  know that it is probably more than 8 percent inflation. Every time they  go to the hardware store, they see it. When they are buying a gallon of  paint or fertilizer for their garden, they see it. And the few  discretionary dollars they used to allow themselves for some new  clothes or the occasional food delivery now go to essentials, and, even  then, they still are making tough choices. As I said, from the second  they wake up in the morning to the moment their heads hit the pillow at  night, the American people are burning through cash almost as fast as  Joe Biden and the Democrats are burning through our taxpayer dollars.   The Biden administration might not take this seriously. They may say:  We will just go print more money.   Look at the amount of debt they have run up. Tennesseans do take this  issue seriously, and at this point, they laugh at the alternate reality  coming from DC, and they know that the ``Putin price hike'' is  something that is so divorced from reality.   It wasn't enough for Joe Biden to abandon his responsibilities. He  had to take the extra step of exploiting the more than 2,500 innocent  civilians Vladimir Putin has murdered in Ukraine. It is just  disgusting. But that is the Democrats' playbook--isn't it?--never let a  crisis go to waste; pick up words that you can use in your spin.   If the White House had stopped to think about what American taxpayers  do when they are broke, when they have gotten to the end of their money  before they get to the end of their month, when they have debt rolling  [[Page S2150]]  over them, then the White House might have realized that now is not the  time to spend more money on programs that the taxpayers do not want.   Now, every Tennessean who has good common sense--we have got hundreds  of thousands of them--they know that nobody would commit to a self- destructive agenda just because they thought they could force somebody  else to go pick up the tab and pay for it.   It doesn't make sense, but that is what this administration is doing,  and I think this is one of those things that, in their playbook, they  think sounds great. But with the American people, this is going to  backfire.   And through all of this, the President has shown the people who he is  and what priorities really matter to him. Instead of exercising some  much needed self-control, he decided to beg for the Green New Deal,  wasteful social spending, and an election takeover. His allies in  Congress have even come back to Washington ready to make a deal with  the devil to resurrect his ``Build Back Broke'' agenda.   In the interest of bipartisanship, I would like to offer some  thoughts to my Democratic colleagues. Next time that you go home, go  over to the grocery store and ask a busy mom who is holding a shopping  list in one hand and digital coupons on her phone in the other just how  they are managing through this inflation crisis.   Ask them: Do you think it is stuck at 8 percent inflation? Do you  think it is closer to 15 percent inflation?   Then, follow their advice, because I can guarantee you that they will  choose to give you an earful. They are about fed up.   There are thousands of moms and grandmoms who know what they are  doing, and, more importantly, they know how they are going to spend  every single penny that they have itemized in their budget for  groceries, for gas, for the summer garden. They know how they are going  to spend that money.   They wish Washington would be as careful with taxpayer money as they  are being with their hard-earned dollars.   It really makes them shake their heads when they hear that the  caretakers of the most powerful Nation in the world have no vision for  the future and no plan for how to get us to a vision.   All that this administration and the White House and the Democrats-- who, by the way, are in charge of all the government here in  Washington, DC--all they have is an agenda. They have got a to-do list.  They are wanting to check the boxes, and that agenda is heavy on  spending and light on everything else that matters to the American  people.   And, by the way, all that heavy spending is not Federal Government  money, mind you. It is money that is coming out of the pockets of hard- working taxpayers--every penny of it.   We know border security isn't on the Biden administration's list of  priorities. It is not on the to-do list. It is not on the thinking- about-it list.   In the alternate reality that this White House is operating in, the  only immigration policy that matters is guaranteeing an open border-- the sooner they can get it, the better. They are all about it. We all  know how well that policy has worked out so far.   On behalf of a lot of Tennesseans back home, I would like to inject a  little reality into this conversation also.   Since day one of this administration, Joe Biden has done everything  in his power to sabotage the Border Patrol and local law enforcement  officials. His open borders rhetoric invited massive caravans of  migrants to overwhelm the border. And just when we thought things  couldn't get worse, he turned his back on President Trump's successful  ``Remain in Mexico'' program. As a result, last month, encounters along  our southern border were up 33 percent. That is right--up 33 percent in  1 month.   CBP regularly seizes millions of dollars' worth of meth, fentanyl,  and heroin that would have otherwise landed in ``Small Town, USA.''  And, now, President Biden wants to abandon title 42, which is the last  best defense we have against this wave of illegal immigration. We  already know that if he goes through with this, he will lose control of  the border to the cartels.   The Border Patrol estimates that 18,000 people a day will try to make  it across the border. Now, currently, there are 6,000 people a day.  Those are record numbers. Think of what is going to happen if 18,000  people a day are rushing our southern border.   Now, let me give you a little perspective on this. Tennessee has 345  towns and cities. So we checked to see how many of these towns and  cities are 18,000 people or less. Well, 90 percent of the towns and  cities in the State of Tennessee are 18,000 people--18,000 residents or  fewer than that.   Now, think about that. It is like a Tennessee town--that number of  people coming across the border every day.   I would think that, you know, that it is the same thing, Mr.  President, in Michigan. I don't know the number of towns and cities you  have, but I would imagine that the majority of those are there also,  18,000 or fewer residents.   Think about this impact. How many days can you do that? How many  weeks? How many years before you completely disrupt what is going on in  your towns, in your State?   I have to ask you: What is so compassionate about subjecting 18,000  people a day--18,000--to the risk of exploitation by a drug cartel? And  what is so compassionate about standing by while 18,000 people a day  risk death by exposure in the desert? Is sticking to your talking  points worth the lives of National Guardsmen like Bishop Evans, who  drowned last week while trying to rescue migrants crossing the Rio  Grande River?   The decision to abandon title 42 is dangerous, and, frankly, anyone  who supports it should be ashamed of themselves.   Last month, I joined several of my colleagues on a letter to Chairman  Durbin, asking him to allow the Judiciary Committee to get some answers  about how the administration plans to deal with this. The committee  must use its oversight authority to summon Secretary Mayorkas for a  hearing so he can explain his plan to prevent chaos on the border.   If that plan exists, we don't know about it. But, certainly, tripling  the number of people per day at the southern border is going to create  a chaotic situation.   I want to make it clear that this use of our oversight authority is  the bare minimum, and, as of now, Chairman Durbin has not indicated  that he is willing to meet this very minimum bar.   We must not allow the administration to hide behind their title 42  talking points. The American people won't stand for it because they  know that until Joe Biden secures the border, until he puts back in  place the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, until he keeps title 42, every  town will be a border town and every State will be a border State.   When I am in Tennessee and talking with Tennesseans, what we know is  that they are like a lot of people all across this country. They don't  trust their government to have their interests at heart. They don't  take the actions of their government seriously because in the  Democratic-controlled government--all branches here in DC--they don't  seem to take their jobs seriously. They are certainly not looking out  for the American people. They are not taking actions that are going to  reduce the cost of a gallon of gas at the pump or the cost of food at  the grocery store or the cost of paint, the cost of fertilizer, the  cost of tools--the list goes on and on.   But what they do believe is that it is time for this administration  to make inflation, to make border security, to make the sovereignty of  this Nation a priority and to begin to build a vision for this Nation,  not just a to-do list.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   