 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his incredible  support, and I thank my Republican colleague for his kind words and how  we work together.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife  Restoration Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan legislation, which I  am leading with my other colleagues, Congressman Darin LaHood,  Congressman Paul Tonko, and Congressman   David Joyce, supports fish  and wildlife conservation efforts in the Great Lakes.   Since 1998, the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act has  provided critical resources for coordinating conservation efforts  across the Great Lakes ecosystem. This longstanding bipartisan backing  underscores the efficacy of the proven conservation mechanisms in this  legislation, including collaborative, private-public partnerships that  maximize the impact of Federal funding to make landscape-level  improvements to our fish and wildlife habitats.   A recently released report on the program by the Department of the  Interior, found that as a result of the fish and wildlife grant program  authorized by the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act, that  significant progress has been made in addressing the six Great Lakes'  restoration goals specified in the legislation.   This includes control of sea lamprey populations across the Great  Lakes, progress on the restoration of lake trout in Lake Huron leading  to reducing stocking targets, and other species recovery efforts vital  to sustaining the very unique ecosystem of the Great Lakes Basin.   However, continued work is required to protect the Great Lakes for  future generations given the environmental pressures that this region  faces.   To this end, the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act would  authorize funding for the Great Lakes Fish and Wildlife Restoration Act  for 5 years, from fiscal years 2022 through 2027, at the current  funding levels.   This legislation has broad bipartisan support, as well as the backing  of a variety of groups dedicated to safeguarding the Great Lakes,  including Ducks Unlimited and the Great Lakes Fishery Commission.   These Great Lakes are 90 percent of the freshwater in the United  States. We must protect them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important  legislation, which will ensure our Great Lakes are protected for many  generations to come.   