 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, a great defender  of life, for yielding me this time, and I stand for life today.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 8296, the so-called Women's Health Protection  Act, is proof that the left wants to ensure limitless, taxpayer-funded  abortion. This is truly outrageous, and the vast majority of Americans  do not support abortion without limits.   It is stunning that Congress is wasting its time on legislation that  is so out of touch with the people it represents. What we should be  focusing on is helping women and protecting the innocent lives of  babies.   For that reason, I rise today to offer a motion to recommit to  instead consider H.R. 619, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection  Act.   Across the country, abortion providers are denying care to infants  born alive after attempted abortions. We are talking about children who  have already been born. We are talking about infanticide.   Congress must act to protect innocent, defenseless babies who cannot  protect themselves. The Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act is  compassionate legislation that does just that. This bill simply ensures  that babies who survive attempted abortions receive the same standard  of care that any newborn should receive.   It would require healthcare providers to exercise skill, care, and  diligence to preserve the life and health of these children and then  immediately transport and admit them to the hospital.   It would impose penalties on providers who purposefully fail to give  medical care to these babies.   It would bar criminal prosecution of the mother.   But most importantly, it would save lives.   Coming to Congress, I knew there would be a lot of difficult  conversations about the life of the unborn, but I am truly shocked and  heartbroken that I have to stand here and defend lifesaving care for  babies who have already been born.   Madam Speaker, we can, and we should make every effort to protect the  lives of newborn babies.   To my colleagues, this is the simplest vote you will ever have to  take. Either you support babies being denied lifesaving healthcare  after they are born, or you do not.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   