 Madam President, I am really pleased to be able to come  to the floor this afternoon to join my colleague from Ohio, Senator  Portman. We twice traveled to Ukraine together. I have appreciated his  leadership as cochair of the Ukraine Caucus and his advocacy for not  only legislation to help Ukraine but also for these reports which  weekly have kept the war in Ukraine in front of the American people,  which is so important as we think about how we continue support in our  public for what is happening in Ukraine and this fight that the  Ukrainians are so courageously waging.   I am also pleased to be here with my colleague Senator Tillis, who,  along with me, cochairs the Senate NATO Observer Group, because we are  going to be voting this afternoon on ratification of the accession of  Finland and Sweden to NATO. Together, we led a bipartisan delegation to  Madrid last month, which included three Democrats and four Republicans,  and we were able to visit Helsinki and Stockholm on our way into Madrid  to talk about just why it is so important that Finland and Sweden are  joining NATO.   I wanted to talk about both of these topics this afternoon because  they are connected.   As Senator Portman said, there is a reason why Finland and Sweden,  after decades of maintaining neutrality, are looking at joining NATO.  It is because of this unprovoked, brutal war by Russia against Ukraine.  If they are successful in Ukraine, we don't know where that will end,  so we need to make the connection for people.   A year ago, no one would have thought that Sweden and Finland would  have wanted NATO membership, but, of course, a lot has happened in that  year.   Vladimir Putin made one of the most consequential miscalculations in  modern history. I think it is the biggest miscalculation in foreign  policy since Hitler went into Russia in World War II. He went into  Ukraine to wage this unprovoked, premeditated war upon the people of  Ukraine. Part of his rationale was to talk about NATO and his  opposition to Ukraine's joining NATO but also because he thought he  would be able to stall the enlargement of NATO. He thought he would be  able to split the NATO allies. In fact, just the opposite has happened.  The global response to punish Putin for this war in Ukraine is  unprecedented. Putin's barbaric campaign in Ukraine and threats to  democracy around the world have resulted in the strongest iteration of  NATO to date.   And now here we are. The United States is about to welcome two very  capable, very qualified and deserving members into the alliance, which  will further strengthen our global coordination to preserve our rules- based order.   I have spoken before in this Chamber about the strong bipartisan  support for  [[Page S3886]]  Finland and Sweden's NATO membership. When Sweden and Finland announced  their intent to apply for NATO membership, Senator Tillis and I led a  letter to President Biden that within about 24 hours was cosigned by 80  of our colleagues, all pledging to support swift ratification of the  accession protocols.   Just last month, Senator Tillis and I led that delegation to Madrid  to the NATO summit, and we did it at the request of both the majority  leader, Schumer, and the minority leader, McConnell.   When meeting with our allies and partners, we talked about our  commitment to return to the Senate and to work hard to swiftly ratify  the accession protocols, and we have done just that. We had hoped to be  the first body to do that ratification. We are going to be the 22nd,  which I think is very good news for NATO and for the effort to ensure  that Finland and Sweden become members of NATO.   On July 19, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, on which Senator  Portman and I sit, unanimously voted in support of NATO's accession  protocols.   Today's vote is not just important for Sweden and Finland and for  NATO, but it is also important for Ukraine, as Senator Portman laid  out. The Ukrainian people are on the frontlines of a war for democracy  and for our collective shared values--values that underpin the heart of  the NATO alliance. Sweden and Finland's membership will bolster our  efforts to hold Putin to account as he wages this war to eradicate  Ukrainian culture.    Putin's decision to invade Ukraine affirmed what we have long known-- that Vladimir Putin does not respect the distinct history, culture, and  identity of the Ukrainian people. His view of history, of course, is  false. It is distorted, and it is deadly. His unprovoked war in Ukraine  is a manifestation of his delusional ideas and his blatant attempt to  wipe Ukraine off the map of Europe. But despite the challenges to their  sovereignty, for generations, the Ukrainian people have maintained  their own traditions, their own language, and their own dream of  independence.   Putin is waging propaganda campaigns that seek to justify his goals  to the Russian people. He has deployed deliberate, harmful rhetoric of  ``de-Nazifying'' Ukraine. He is pursuing a broader, maniacal agenda to  eradicate everything Ukrainian--the land, the people, the language, the  culture.   We know that Russia established filtration camps in Russia and  Ukrainian territory even before the February 24 invasion. Now reports  are that there are over 1 million Ukrainians who have been forcibly  relocated to Russia, including about 250,000 children--children who  have been taken from their Ukrainian parents and sent to Russia.   We need to call Putin's actions what they are. They are acts of  genocide. After the horrors of the Holocaust, the Rwandan genocide,  Yugoslav wars, the international community vowed to ``never again'' let  such immense human tragedy happen on our watch.   We must not let Putin accomplish his mission of destroying the  Ukrainian people and dismantling the international rules-based order  which has been in place for more than 70 years. We must hold him  accountable because we know that if he is successful, Putin's  Russification campaign is not going to end with Ukraine. Who will be  next? The Baltic States? Eastern European countries? Romania? Poland?   As Americans, we have a moral obligation to work with our allies to  hold Putin to account, and I am proud that this body is doing just  that. Last week, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, of which  Senator Portman and I are both members, introduced a resolution  recognizing Russia's actions in Ukraine as genocide, but, of course, we  must do more.   Today's ratification vote is going to be another step in sending a  message to both Vladimir Putin and the Ukrainian people that NATO is  unified and that we are going to continue to support their efforts to  push back against this brutal dictator.   I hope that our colleagues will join us in celebrating today's  important moment of NATO's enlargement from 30 to 32 members. This  historic accession is a testament to the global commitment to not be  bystanders amid a war that violates all international norms and seeks  to destabilize our rules-based order. I hope that our remaining NATO  allies will move swiftly to advance Sweden and Finland's NATO  membership.   Amid Russia's horrific campaign of ethnic cleansing against the  Ukrainian people, we must recognize the importance of our shared  transatlantic values to push back on Putin's dangerous and bloodthirsty  war against Ukraine.   Again, I am pleased that we are here to support both Ukraine and the  ratification of Sweden and Finland into NATO. I am sure we will have a  very strong bipartisan vote this afternoon, and I look forward to  continuing to work with NATO and with our colleagues as we do  everything we can to support the success of Ukraine against Vladimir  Putin.   I yield to my cochair of the Senate NATO Observer Group, Senator  Tillis.   