 Mr. President, I wanted to talk for just a few  minutes, if I could, about a bill that is coming to the floor. It is  called the PACT Act. And this is something that those of us at the  Veterans' Affairs Committee have worked on for quite a period of time.   And we had worked diligently through what we thought was a prescribed  and agreed-to process, and we are finding out that the majority leader  is pretty much forcing this issue to the floor this week for a vote.  And he is calling it ``the most ambitious and important expansion of  veteran healthcare benefits that we have seen in decades.''   Now, Senators Schumer and Tester have, indeed, put forth a bill that  when you look at it, when you hear the intent, a first glance at it,  you say: Oh, this is exactly what we need to help our servicemembers.   And, indeed, we all are just so grateful for the men and women who  have served in this country, who have worn that uniform. But there is a  lot to be said for bringing measures to the floor for passage when they  are ready, when there has been agreement on critical importance. As the  majority leader said, the biggest expansion of benefits that we have  seen in decades.   Now, many of us have worked for quite a period of time on the issue  of toxic exposure and have worked on how best to make certain that when  we address this, that you are going to get care to the veteran in a  timely manner--they are not going to have to wait; they are going to  receive the care that they need.   So it is frustrating to me, as it is to many of my colleagues, to  think about what could have been accomplished had the majority leader  just done what he had promised to do and had allowed a thorough  amendment process. We should all share the goal of making certain that  legislation we pass that deals with our veterans, that deals with our  men and women in uniform, is going to be a promise fulfilled and not a  false promise or not a frustration.   Yesterday, at Veterans' Affairs Committee, we had a hearing with our  VA Secretary. We have had a terrible problem with case backloads on  benefits in health services. Currently, the case backload is about  188,000. That is the backlog. That is what needs to be worked through.  And in passing this bill that is before us today, the estimate is that  we are going to add about a million cases to that.   Now, I want you to put yourself in the shoes of a veteran who has  suffered and is suffering with toxic exposure and has a rare cancer,  has a respiratory disease, a cardiovascular disease, and is needing  access to care.   What you want is to be able to get that care. What you don't want to  do is have to wait for that care. And that is why we needed to go  through this amendment process: to address this issue of how a veteran  is going to be able to access that care in a timely manner when they  need the care because with some of these rare diseases, days and weeks  and months become a life-or-death issue. So the access is important.  The amendments that we proposed were as noncontroversial as you can get  in these days.   Now, the amendment that I had, which was one of the two amendments  that we were to have on the Republican side--by the way, I said that,  two amendments. That is what we were going to be allowed. It wasn't an  open amendment process--two amendments, two things that would have  improved the bill. I proposed an amendment that would have eliminated  arbitrary bureaucratic hurdles for toxic exposed veterans, would have  eliminated this from the long wait times at their local VA hospitals  and clinics. Basically, it would have been that express pass that they  need because it would have allowed them to seek care in the community  if they could get it there faster than they could through the VA.   Now, the reason for this is because I spend a lot of time talking  with veterans in Tennessee. I have veterans who are a part of our team.  They talk to me about the issues that many of their friends and their  neighbors are experiencing or people who served in their unit or their  battalion and how they need this care.   Right now, if you are in the Nashville area, which is where many of  our retirees from Fort Campbell and the 101st go for their care--if you  are there and you are going to go to the VA over at Vanderbilt there in  Nashville and request an appointment, your wait is 72 days. What if you  are a veteran and you have a rare respiratory condition that is caused  from a burn pit or from toxic exposure or you have developed a cancer  and you are needing care, do you really want to have to wait 2\1/2\  months to be able to see a general practitioner for an appointment that  will refer you to a specialist?   Do we think that is fair to our veterans? Is that the way to treat  them--to say, pick up the phone and call and then we will get you an  appointment? By the way, it is going to be 72 days on the wait time,  and then we will start the clock to try to get you into community care  to get you to a specialist.   My amendment would basically have said veterans can take that card  out of their wallet, their VA card--they can show it at a care facility  in their community, and they can get the care they need then. You are  eliminating wait times for them. You are eliminating long lines. You  are eliminating the frustration and the fear and the anxiety that comes  as every day you think this cancer is growing, and I am being denied  care because of the bureaucratic process. Our veterans ought not to  have to deal with that bureaucratic process. They have waited a long  time.  [[Page S2958]]    So this amendment would have improved the bill. And I have it right  here in my hands. It is really very simple. Section 121, ``Subtitle C-- Other Health Care Matters''--that is what is underneath--``REQUIREMENT  TO PROVIDE CARE UNDER VETERANS COMMUNITY CARE PROGRAM FOR TOXIC-EXPOSED  VETERANS.'' And then it goes through, it strikes an ``or,'' inserts a  semicolon, strikes the period at the end of the sentence and inserting  ``or'' and adds ``the covered veteran is a toxic-exposed veteran.''   Pretty specific. It elevates the care that they need so that they do  not have to wait because they have waited long enough. And they don't  want to have to wait until the VA hires enough people to do this. Right  now, if the VA is going to hire new nurses or doctors, do you know how  long it takes them to get them hired? Ninety-seven days. Do they have  what they need to meet this load? No, they do not.   Now, in the private sector they can make these hires in about 16  days. And they do. And we have discussed these hiring process changes  that need to be made in order to facilitate this care.   Now, some have said: Well, you know, if we allow community care, in  essence, that is privatizing--privatizing--the VA. No, it is not. It is  not privatizing. What it is doing is saying the VA is seeking a better  way to deliver a service in a timely manner to the people who have been  promised the service. That is what the amendment would do. It would  allow them to avoid that bureaucratic process to take that VA card to  go get the care they need that day. But, no, because we have some who  are so fearful that the VA or the Federal Government might lose some of  their power, some of their control over your life, they will not agree  to that.   Now, the fiscal year 2021 NDAA included my K2 Veterans Toxic Exposure  Accountability Act, requiring a 180-day study by DOD on toxic exposures  at K2 to demonstrate more clearly the associations between exposure to  toxic substances and negative health consequence experienced by K2  veterans. That is something that had a tremendous effect on many of our  military men and women at Fort Campbell and there with the 160th, with  the 101st.    And I have worked with Senator Tillis on the Toxic Exposure in the  Military Act, the TEAM Act, which was largely included in the PACT Act.  And I worked with Senator Sullivan on the Veterans Burn Pits Exposure  Recognition Act, which would concede exposure to a list of toxic  substances, hazards, and chemicals common to burn pits for veterans who  deployed to certain covered locations within certain corresponding  periods.   So I thank my colleagues who have put the effort in on this. I will  say that I am very disappointed that my colleagues from New York and  Montana decided no amendments. Senator Moran's amendment would have  adjusted how that wait time is calculated to be more fair to our  veterans. My amendment would have allowed them to immediately get the  care they need, lifesaving care--lifesaving care. It would have allowed  that immediate access. But we have chosen, it appears--or the majority  leader and the chairman have chosen--to move forward without an  amendment process that would be more fair and more responsive to our  veterans. And at the same time, they are daring us to vote no on this  bill. I would challenge them.   Take a moment and let's return to the agreed-to amendment process and  improve this for the sake--for the sake--and the livelihood of many of  our veterans who are experiencing the effects of toxic exposure.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   