 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding, and for her leadership.   I rise in strong support of the America COMPETES Act. As our country  fights to emerge from this pandemic, the policies of the Biden-Harris  administration increased GDP by 5.7 percent in 2021, with the last  quarter clocking in at an impressive 6.9 percent Gross Domestic  Product.   But we cannot return to the pre-pandemic status quo in which  geopolitical adversaries, like China, threatened our industrial base,  supply chains, intellectual property, technological security, and  global leadership and innovation.   The America COMPETES Act will protect and enhance the competitive  edge of America's workers, businesses, and economy, which other nations  are seeking to undermine.   Nowhere are the intentions of our adversaries clearer than in the  cyber realm. Over the past several years, the country has been rocked,  rocked by major attacks by cybercriminals like China and Russia.   Just this morning, our committee approved a sweeping, bipartisan bill  to modernize and improve the cybersecurity framework of the Federal  Government. But these efforts will be hindered if we don't have the  right personnel in place to implement our Federal policies.   The America COMPETES Act will help address this by including H.R.  3599, a bipartisan bill by Ro Khanna and Nancy Mace, which establishes  a rotation program for cybersecurity professionals at Federal agencies.   The America COMPETES Act also includes H.R. 4469, a bill I led with  Representatives Lynch and Raskin, to ensure the Privacy and Civil  Liberties Oversight Board has the authority and resources it needs to  protect civil liberties through oversight of artificial intelligence  use of executive agencies.   The America COMPETES Act will ensure that America can compete and win  in the economy of the future, and it positions the Federal Government  in a way to lead the way forward. There is so much to say about it.   My time has expired. This is a must vote if you want America to be  competitive in the world economy.   