 Madam President, I have spoken repeatedly about the  many ways my Democratic colleagues' crusade for power has been  disastrous for the American people. We have recordbreaking inflation, a  chaotic southern border, and the collapsing energy industry. This is  the world that the Democrats created in just 2 short years.   What is worse, this Democrat-led government has ignored the ripple  effects of their reckless agenda in favor of maintaining a political  narrative about progress. But to Tennesseans and to so many Americans,  it feels like the country is not moving forward; it is moving backward.   I have come to the floor again today to talk about the ripple effects  of the COVID-19 vaccine mandate that threatens to gut the ranks of the  U.S. military. This body has had multiple chances to avert disaster,  and each time the Democrats have decided to take the wrong path.   I introduced two amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act  that would have kept politics out of the military's use of vaccines.  They are simple. Each amendment is about one page long. The first of  these would have prohibited involuntary separation of any servicemember  for refusing the COVID-19 vaccine until each service achieves its  authorized end strength.   You see, it makes absolutely no sense that we would be removing  people from military service simply because they do not get a shot--a  shot, by the way, that does not prevent you from getting COVID.   Now, the second amendment would make sure that members of the  National Guard or Reserve maintain access to both pay and benefits  while their request for an accommodation--a medical accommodation or  religious beliefs accommodation--is pending. But, of course, my  Democratic colleagues have blocked these two amendments. They are  common sense. They protect our men and women in the military.   But it is my plan to offer them another opportunity to do the right  thing. I have combined these amendments into a bill. That bill is  called the Preserving the Readiness of our Armed Forces Act. It is  filed. It is ready for more cosponsors. I am also going to give them  another opportunity. When the NDAA finally comes to the floor, they are  going to have the opportunity to consider these two amendments, and I  am asking my colleagues to support me in this. I stand by my call to  Leader Schumer to bring the NDAA to the floor for a vote and hope that  my Democratic colleagues will change course and support these two  amendments to protect our men and women in uniform.   But, right now, the ripple effect is seen as another reckless power  play by this administration and their Department of Defense.   I went into detail earlier this week about how this would hamper the  readiness of the U.S. military, and I want to focus on the death blow  today that this has dealt to our recruitment. Keep in mind that this is  information that is available to each and every Member of this Chamber.  My Democratic colleagues have this information.   Here is what we have to consider: the number of new servicemembers  who are joining the military is, right now--right now--at an all-time  low. Academy applications for our military academies are also at an  all-time low.   See, even high school students know something is wrong with this  picture. So they are not sitting there thinking: ``I want to go to West  Point'' or ``I want to go to Annapolis'' or ``I want to go to the Air  Force.'' They are not thinking that. What they are saying is, Why is  the military focused on all this other stuff other than on their core  mission--keeping this country safe?   Now, again, statistics prove the point.   The Army has fallen 15,000 soldiers short of their goal for 2022, and  they don't expect this situation to improve. In 2023, they think they  are going to be 21,000 troops short. I want you to think about this.  Think about what we are facing, whether it is attacks from the axis of  evil--Russia, China, Iran, North Korea--or whether it is China's  aggressiveness.   Think about this. Think about the difference that 10,000 troops,  15,000 troops, 21,000 troops make, and then ask yourself, why is it  that men and women, citizens of this country, are not wanting to raise  their hand and take the oath to protect and defend? If you are honest  with yourself, you know that a big part of the problem is the way the  military has been treated over the last couple of years.   We didn't have this problem previously. This is a problem that has  been made for our military, for this Nation's security. It has been  made by this administration.   The National Guard is missing their recruitment goals. Why is that?  Could it be that having to take a shot--and bear in mind, it is not a  vaccine like a polio vaccine or other vaccines; it is a shot for a  certain strain of COVID. What you have is a Department of Defense that  is willing to say ``You are fired'' to people who have volunteered to  serve this country, and they are going to do it over a shot. They don't  expect anybody running over the southern border illegally, I might add,  to have the shot, but they expect members of the U.S. military,  students at our academies, those who are on Active Duty, those who are  reservists, those who are in the National Guard to get this even though  President Biden has said the pandemic is over--it is over.   So you have to ask, why is it that they are continuing to beat down  on the military? Why are they willing to pummel them over a shot? Why  are they not willing to put the NDAA on the floor? We have done it for  61 years. Are we going to miss on year 62? Why is it not a priority?  Could it possibly be that the NDAA is not a priority for my  [[Page S6731]]  Democratic colleagues, that the men and women in uniform protecting  them and their families are not a priority? Could it be it is not at  the top of their to-do list?   The choice to enter military service is a serious choice. It is a  choice that people do not make lightly. But this hesitancy to serve  should raise alarm bells in this Chamber. Looking at these numbers that  are falling so far short of our recruitment goals, our retention goals,  should ring some alarm bells. It is symptomatic of a much larger  problem.   The past few years haven't been easy for anyone, but we all have the  benefit of hindsight. We all have the benefit of lessons learned. But  it appears that some people are just not willing to learn from those  lessons, and anyone willing to be honest about how the Democrats have  handled this can see two things pretty clearly:   First, turning the debate over the COVID vaccine into political  warfare--that is a choice that the Democrats in this Chamber, the  Democrats in Washington, DC, and this administration--that is a choice  that they have made. Let's take this vaccine mandate, and let's turn it  into political warfare.   Secondly, getting political about this particular vaccine or shot, as  it is, in the context of military readiness--that was a choice; I might  add, a very bad, a very inappropriate choice. The military is supposed  to be apolitical. Servicemembers count on that when they sign up to  serve, when they raise their hand, when they take that oath, but now  punditry drives policy at the Pentagon, and this has eroded trust  between the military, the servicemembers, and their families.   The Democrats are in charge of the Senate. If they had allowed it, we  could have had an honest debate about my two amendments. As I said,  they are each about one page long. They are there specifically to  protect our men and women in uniform, to say we have to have them  serve. We lost 5,700 to this COVID mandate. We are short--I have given  you the numbers--15,000 this year and 21,000 for next year. That is  what we are short. Recruitment is low. We are not hitting our marks  there. Signing up for our military academies--the numbers are the  lowest ever. We are not hitting the mark there. Why is it? Be honest  with yourself and ask yourself, what has caused this change in  attitude? You know, if you are honest with yourself, if the President  were honest with himself, he could rescind that mandate. That would be  a very good thing. But to ignore reality and pretend that these low  recruitment numbers, these firings, these retention numbers are all  OK--it is unconscionable.   It is time for my colleagues--my Democratic colleagues--to stop  ignoring the reality, stop ignoring the ripple effects of their  political agenda before it puts our Nation and our military in danger.   I yield the floor.   