 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, I rise to really honor a seventh- generation West Virginian, a lifelong Wheeling native, a devoted  husband, father, grandfather, and public servant, my very good friend,  Congressman   David McKinley.   David and I have known each other for a very long time. He and Mary,  his wife, have extended steadfast love and friendship to my entire  family but, in particular, to my parents during some good times and  bad. Those friendships extended for many, many years and never wavered.   From when David was a delegate in the West Virginia State House to  when he chaired the West Virginia Republican Party to later when he  became my colleague and our colleague in the U.S. House of  Representatives, we worked together a lot.   David got a slot on the Energy and Commerce Committee during his very  [[Page S7111]]  first year in Washington. Now, I had already been there 10 years and  still hadn't made it to the Energy and Commerce Committee, so I was a  little bit jealous of David then. But, wow, did he really do tremendous  work on that committee.   Although time has gone by, David's passion and his love for West  Virginia have never wavered, and his pragmatic service has never  changed.   As the only licensed engineer in the House of Representatives--and if  you didn't know that, David is quick to tell you--his unique and  thoughtful analysis to challenges has helped his constituents  immensely, and it certainly made West Virginia a better place. And, by  the way, he has helped me understand some very complex issues.   In fact, I don't think there are as many Members of Congress who have  held townhall meetings on the Megabus to DC as David has to meet with  our constituents. But David never misses an opportunity to have a  conversation.    David has played an essential role in advancing legislation critical  to infrastructure, life-altering hearing aid devices, and securing the  pensions and retirement benefits that our West Virginia coal miners  rely on.    David is, and always will be, a problem-solver, and he brought  thoughtful solutions to the needs of our fellow West Virginians every  single day with unrelenting passion.   I have mentioned passion many times already in this short speech, but  ``passion'' is a very fitting word because David does not do anything  halfway. He is passionate about our State of West Virginia. He is  passionate about West Virginia University's football team and all  sports teams. And he is always there ready to cheer on the  Mountaineers.    He is passionate about his hometown of Wheeling, and he is a  passionate defender of those Northern Panhandlers, which is what I am  as well. He is passionate about the men and women who have worked to  power our Nation and the solutions to our future.   But there is another component to David's public service and his life  that we must stop and recognize, and that is of his beloved wife, Mary.   Mary has truly been a partner to David and his work to make West  Virginia stronger and healthier. Mary received her masters of science  degree in nursing from none other than West Virginia University, has  had an exceptional career as a nurse at Ohio Valley Medical Center, and  is the director of education and professional development at the Ohio  Valley Health Services and Education Corporation in Wheeling.   But do you know what? Mary has a national presence as well. Mary  served as the national president of the American Association of  Critical Care Nurses. She epitomizes West Virginia's warmth and  friendliness, and we thank her for her service to our State as well.   As I reflect on Congressman McKinley's Federal work and  accomplishments, perhaps no other area has seen his trademark tireless  devotion than protecting and promoting the hard work and values  embodied by our West Virginia coal miners.   David has fought tooth and nail for our coal miners' livelihoods, for  their healthcare, and for their ability to power this Nation but  sometimes get taken for granted when we look at the sacrifices that  they have made.   As David turns the page on this chapter of his life, I am sure this  is not the last that we will hear from him. I certainly hope not. In  retirement, David and Mary will be able to enjoy time spent with their  four children and six grandchildren.   With David's time in Congress coming to a close, his thoughtful  approach to problems and his fearless advocacy on behalf of West  Virginians will be missed in this town, will be missed in our country,  but certainly can never be erased from our State and our country's  history. But his contributions and the example he set will continue to  stay with us always.   I admire David's tenacity and divisiveness. You really never have to  wonder what David McKinley thinks on a certain topic. I like that. I  like that. For that, we should all be grateful. I know that I and West  Virginians are certainly grateful.   So, David, thank you for your service. I know he is not coming back  into town until tomorrow, but I wanted to get this on the record. The  difference that you have made in our State that we both love, and the  friendship and counsel that you have provided me over the years is much  appreciated.   So when I see David and we have a conversation and he sends me on my  way, he has a trademark saying that he always says to me, so I am going  to say it back to him today. David, I will say this to you: Go get `em,  kid.   With that, I yield the floor.   