 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous  question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act of  2021.   This important bill, introduced by my good friend Yvette Herrell,  would maintain health screening protections at the border and ensure  that the Biden administration does not allow foreigners to enter our  country illegally without being properly vetted.   I am from Georgia. For those of us that don't live in border States,  it is a lot different when we see on the news the stories of the  massive invasion at our southern border. It is a lot different when we  read about it.   But when I went to the border just a few days ago with Congressman  Tony Gonzales--he put together a great trip, and I am so grateful--it  became very clear to me. What is happening at our southern border is a  crisis of epic proportions, and it is difficult to comprehend it until  you actually see it in person.   This is a complete human and drug trafficking operation that is doing  nothing for Americans but hurting our country and enriching the  cartels. They have grown their network and expanded it massively  throughout their country, into our country, far-reaching, even into our  cities, as was explained to us by the Border Patrol, where they recruit  from our own American cities to come down to Mexico to help them  traffic humans and drugs across our southern border.   This should never be happening, and it certainly was not happening  not long ago under the Trump administration, where we had the most  secure border we have had in decades.   Mr. Speaker, I urge our Congress to take this very seriously. As we  are discussing other countries and other borders, this is the one  country where we all swear an oath to uphold our laws and defend our  Constitution, and we serve the American people from each of our own  districts.   We should be taking extreme seriousness to this invasion at our  southern border, not only for the COVID-19 pandemic but also for the  many other dangerous diseases such as tuberculosis and others that they  bring into our country.   Passing title 42 is imperative, and it is the most important thing  this Congress can do at this time, as there is an average of 7,000  people coming across the border every single day and hundreds of  thousands of got-aways that we don't know who they are, where they are  from, and what their purpose and intent is to do in the United States  of America.   We already know that 42 known terrorists have been apprehended at our  southern border, but we don't know how many terrorists exist in those  hundreds of thousands of got-aways.   When I listen to a grown man cry over the amount of illegal aliens  that are, 24 hours a day, coming across his ranch in Eagle Pass, it is  a shame, and it is a tragedy.   