 Madam President, I rise to discuss helping our  servicemembers exposed to toxic burn pits.   For days now, servicemembers and their families have been camping  outside this very building in desperation. They are pleading with us,  they are begging us to pass this bill. They have been out there all  weekend in 90-degree heat, sheltering themselves from thunderstorms, as  well as oppressive humidity. I have been down there to visit them three  times now, and I can tell you, they are exhausted. They miss their  families. They want to go home, but they will not. They will not go  home until the job is done because the suffering they are enduring now  pales in comparison to the suffering they, their fellow veterans, or  their fellow family members experience every day because of the  injuries sustained because of the exposure to the toxins released at  these burn pits.   Last week, before it became clear that the PACT Act would fail, these  families came to DC ready to celebrate. The mother-in-law of SFC Heath  Robinson, who died because of burn pits, came with Heath's daughter  Brielle, who was excited to finally celebrate her father's legacy  finally coming to fruition. Instead, we had to explain to a crying 9- year-old girl why this would not be happening, why the Senate had  failed them.   So I don't want anyone to just listen to me rattle off a bunch of  statistics or facts about burn pits; I want you to listen to these  people, the families, people who are literally giving every ounce of  their being in service to this country, people with families, people  with kids, people who are willing to upend their lives at the very  moment's notice to fight for the values that make us who we are.  Instead, when their lungs were filled with toxins, the government  turned its back on them when they needed us the most. We made a promise  to them to care for them when they came home, and that promise has been  broken.   Failure to pass this bill again is not just some small  disappointment, something that can be easily brushed off or  disregarded; failure to pass this bill quite literally for many is a  death sentence because every single day, every hour, every minute they  don't get the healthcare they need to save their lives is just another  minute lost to the diseases that are devouring them. It is another  minute they won't have to be with their loved ones, to hug their  children; another minute they don't get to be with their loved ones to  kiss them goodbye; another minute they cannot do the things they love  to do. So we don't have time to wait another week, another month; we  have to do this now.   This is what is at stake with this bill. It is the lives of the men  and women who went to combat for this country over the last many  decades and unfortunately have been so riddled with disease because of  that exposure that they need our help. They need the VA to cover their  healthcare. That is what this bill does. This is what they deserve.   I hope that this Chamber can come back together again where it was  before last week to do the right thing, to stand by those who stood by  us, to stand by those who went into the breach, to stand by those who  are now suffering and dying because it is a debt that we owe them.   I yield the floor.   