 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, as a member of the committee charged with  investigating the attack on our Capitol, our Constitution, and our  country, I support this resolution to refer Peter Navarro and Daniel  Scavino to the Department of Justice for contempt of Congress.   I will focus my remarks on Mr. Navarro.   There is clear evidence that Mr. Navarro was involved in efforts to  keep President Trump in power after he lost the election.   We subpoenaed Mr. Navarro seeking testimony and documents regarding  the actions he took to discredit the election and prevent the results  from being certified. Mr. Navarro made a blanket claim of executive  privilege. This claim lacks merit as a matter of law and common sense.   No President, either sitting or former, has claimed privilege  regarding Mr. Navarro's testimony or documents. And Mr. Navarro has no  authority to assert privilege himself.   Beyond that fundamental flaw, since the election, Mr. Navarro has  written and spoken widely about the subjects that are the focus of our  subpoena. He is eager to tell his story, if he can do so on his terms  in a way that serves his interests.   He published a book where he details the actions he took to change  the outcome of the election. He writes that he worked with Steve Bannon  on a scheme called the ``Green Bay Sweep.'' Its purpose was to  encourage Vice President Pence to delay certification of the votes and  send the election back to State legislatures.   Mr. Navarro writes that he called Attorney General Barr, urging the  Department of Justice to support President Trump's efforts to challenge  the election in court, which Barr declined to do.   Mr. Navarro notes that he kept a journal detailing this episode and  other actions he took.   And finally, while he was refusing to comply with our subpoena, Mr.  Navarro made numerous media appearances discussing his role in the  events culminating on January 6.   Mr. Navarro has significant relevant knowledge. He is happy to share  it on television and in podcasts, but he won't provide this information  in response to a lawful subpoena.   Mr. Navarro is in contempt of Congress and should be referred for  prosecution.   