 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7846, the  Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2022.   With inflation and rising costs impacting Americans across the  country, we must continue to ensure that the needs of our disabled  veterans and their families are being met.   For the past 4 years, I have been proud to introduce and pass  bipartisan cost-of-living adjustments to increase compensation and  benefits for our disabled veterans. As chair of the Disability  Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee and author of this  bipartisan legislation, I am, once again, honored to present this  year's annual veterans' cost-of-living adjustment legislation to the  floor.   The Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2022  would, once again, recognize that VA-related compensation requires  adjustment in the same way that Social Security benefits are updated to  meet the cost-of-living realities. This includes disability  compensation, clothing allowance, and dependency and indemnity  compensation payments.   Our veterans service organizations understand the realities that many  of  [[Page H7768]]  our veterans and military families face to make ends meet and the  importance of this cost-of-living adjustment. As the Veterans of  Foreign Wars, VFW, puts it: ``This would provide a guarantee to  veterans and survivors that their payments will always be aligned to  counteract inflation.''   In our current economic climate, veterans in my district and across  the country have many of the same economic concerns as every one of us.  Veterans are not immune from concerns about putting food on the table  and their ability to adequately provide for a comfortable and  sustainable life for themselves and their families.   As a veteran myself, I understand firsthand the concerns faced by our  Active Duty servicemembers and our veterans as they balance  professional responsibilities with the necessities of home life. Every  bit helps, and this is especially true for those who have lost a loved  one in the course of their service or as a result of a service- connected injury or illness.    Dependency and indemnity compensation provided at a sustainable rate  ensures economic fluctuations are not an additional burden for a  survivor already managing difficult days without their veteran by their  side.   With the high costs of disability care, childcare, and other costs,  it is vital that we continue to provide benefits that meet the  financial demands faced by veterans and their families on a day-to-day  basis.   This cost-of-living increase provided by my legislation would bolster  beneficiaries against today's price fluctuations and provides relief to  our disabled veterans and many military families.   The COLA Act of 2022 is recognition of the need to ensure that those  receiving VA compensation are always supported. This is responsible,  commonsense, bipartisan legislation and proof of the good that can come  from both parties working together. Our veterans and their families  deserve no less.   I thank Ranking Member Nehls for being a cosponsor of this year's  legislation and also full committee Ranking Member Bost, who worked  with me for 2 years on this legislation and in previous years, as well.  I thank Chairman Takano for his reliable support and leadership for our  veterans, their families, and adequate disability compensation.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage full support of H.R. 7846.   