 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I know that you are probably like me  and you have been grateful for the time to be home and to see family  and friends and just to chat with them about what is going on in their  lives and the issues that are important to them, what they are looking  at. It has been so interesting to get their perspective as we have  visited.   I flipped through the papers yesterday, and I realize that many of  our friends around town have this renewed sense of optimism about  President Biden's ability to lead the country. I found that really  quite interesting. You could look at it and say: It may be a new year,  but it is the same old Biden.   It goes without saying that I do not share what I see as a misguided  view. I entered this year with the same  [[Page S15]]  healthy skepticism that I had back in December as we were finishing  that legislative year. I will say this; that for the past year, the  Democratic majority has indulged an administration that has treated  their electoral victory like a mandate to enact some of the most  irresponsible and radical policies we have seen in over a generation.   Now they are dusting off an agenda that is so unhinged, it has kept  the Democrats deadlocked against one another for the year. We have seen  this agenda breed mistrust, tension, and anger between the American  people and their government. Few, if any, of those people could state  that they are better off now than they were under President Trump and  Republican leadership. But still, the Democratic majority has continued  to push Biden's agenda on behalf of the most radical portions of their  base.   Yes, leaning left--they are leaning far left. They are listening to  the social justice warriors and the climate partisans and the Big  Government activists, and the Democratic leadership is doing exactly  what they are telling them they want done. Meanwhile, they are ignoring  the people back home who actually have to deal with the consequences of  this political tunnel vision.   Time after time in poll after poll, even more polls that have come  out today, the American people have made it abundantly clear that they  are not just dissatisfied with the President's failure to lead, with  his radical agenda--you know what, they are not just angry. What I  learned from Tennesseans is that people are really frightened by what  they see taking place with this far-left, hard-left turn.   President Biden has to know all of this. The Democratic leadership  has to know all of this. Look at all the polls. It doesn't matter if it  is NPR, it doesn't matter if it is AP, it doesn't matter if it is CNN,  the agenda, the President, the Vice President--they are all underwater.  I think they have probably seen this coming since day one of this  disastrous administration.   Take some of the specific issues. The Democratic leadership has had a  front row seat to what is happening on the southern border. So has the  administration. There has been a complete collapse of our Nation's  sovereignty at the southern border. With the stroke of a pen, President  Biden dismantled the policies that were keeping us safe. He invited  waves of illegal immigrants into the country, said: Y'all come. Y'all  come. We are ready for you.   He threw the Border Patrol and local law enforcement under the bus,  did not listen to them. You don't have to take my word for it. Go to  the southern border. Go visit with them.   He has let the cartel step into the leadership void at the southern  border. The drug dealers and the human traffickers are in control of  the southern border at this point in time. You do not cross that border  unless you have paid the cartels. But you know what, admitting this  does not fit the agenda of the Democratic leadership, so they just  ignore it. Now, President Biden and my Democratic colleagues continue  to evade responsibility for keeping the border secure and safeguarding  the national security. They don't want to talk about that.   They are also not wanting to talk about the threat posed by the  Chinese Communist Party and our other adversaries abroad. And that is  right--the Chinese Communist Party is an adversary. They are not a  competitor. They are not a friend or a frenemy. They are an adversary.  What are they doing? They are conducting surveillance, academic  espionage, and intellectual property theft. They are doing this every  single day. It is all part of the standing operating procedures of the  new axis of evil and all being ignored by people who are charged with  running this country, keeping this country safe.   Tennesseans will tell you they are very concerned. The American  people are very concerned. The polls are showing it. And they are  blaming the Biden administration for not feeling safe, not feeling  secure, for the supply chain crisis, for inflation. These are all  things that have been brought about in the past year by decisions this  administration has made, Executive orders they have executed.   Every time people in this country pick up their phone, they are faced  with the knowledge that many of the programs and social media platforms  that they once enjoyed are controlled by people who refuse to  prioritize privacy and data security and realize that these cyber  protections are important.   They are grateful for all the sunlight that you and I, Mr. President,  have been able to shine on the problems with Big Tech. So many times as  I was at home, people would mention to me how much they have learned  through the hearings that we have held, the roundtable discussions, and  they are wanting to see more attention brought to keeping us safe and  limiting the surveillance, the property theft, and the academic  espionage that the Chinese Communist Party and our adversaries are  conducting in the virtual space. They are looking forward to seeing us  translate this bipartisan consensus into action. They are looking  forward to what we are going to deliver when it comes to online  privacy, data security, section 230 reforms, to protect our innovators,  to protect our children online, to protect our consumers.   When people look at what is being done, like the work we have done on  technology policy, and what is not being done when it comes to  addressing China, addressing Russia, dealing with Iran, when it comes  to dealing with inflation, prices at the pump, and prices that are  happening at the grocery store, they look at this and they say: Where  is the President? Where is the Vice President? Where are people who  should be working for the American people in Congress?   When we talk about the Democratic leadership, we know that they are  too busy catering to the most radical fringe of the Democratic Party to  do their job, and they are too busy with that to govern or to keep the  economy in one piece and to keep the border intact or to provide for  the common defense or to exercise a little oversight over some of the  world's most powerful corporations.   Well, the American people deserve better. Tennesseans are wanting to  see action. So while some of our colleagues across the aisle have a  renewed sense of optimism about President Biden's ability to pull them  out of this skid on this agenda that is going nowhere, the American  people have spoken. They do not want what you are offering.   My resolve is going to be to stand here, to stand between what is  happening, this destructive, as I call it, ``Build Back Broke'' agenda,  and to protect Tennesseans and future generations of Americans from  such an adverse and negative impact.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   