 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman  yielding.   I rise in strong opposition to this dangerous bill. This isn't just a  missed opportunity to boost American competitiveness; it actually will  set us back on our goal to beat China and win the future.   I have heard the majority say that if you oppose this bill, you  aren't in favor of increasing our competitiveness against China. Yet,  the White House didn't even mention China in its statement of support.   This is a go-it-alone approach that will actually embolden China;  ignore the damage of the radical agenda that has been pushed through  this Congress under one-party rule and what it has done to our ability  to compete.   The Chinese Communist Party tries to compete by cheating, stealing,  and using their centrally controlled economy to pick winners and losers  through massive government subsidies.   Instead of embracing free markets and American ingenuity, this bill  tries to copy that type of an approach of centralized industrial policy  and massive government handouts that benefit political allies.   We cannot and we should not even try to beat the Chinese Communist  Party at their own game. It is not the American way.   The United States of America has a record. Ours is one where we have  done more to lift people out of poverty, raise the standard of living,  cure diseases, spur innovation, more than any other country in the  history of the world. We have done so by embracing freedom, free  markets, human rights, and the respect for human dignity; where success  isn't contingent upon the approval or the direction of the government,  the Federal Government; where hard work, creative thinking, and risk- taking are rewarded.   The approach of this bill ignores this and, instead, attempts to  cover up the many crises that have been created in the last year under  the Biden-Harris administration and this majority.   Virtually every piece of this radical agenda from the last year,  under one-party rule, has hurt our ability to compete. The war on  American energy has set back our energy independence and harmed our  economic and national security, while making us more dependent upon  China.   The record amount of spending has created rampant inflation. The  regulatory agenda has made it more difficult for our businesses.   Speaker Pelosi's drug pricing control scheme will destroy American  medical innovation. The radical environmental agenda will make it  impossible to have a domestic source for critical minerals and  chemicals needed for advanced manufacturing. And the push to keep our  schools closed will set back an entire generation of Americans.   If the Democrats wanted to make America more competitive, they would  abandon the destructive agenda and work to reform burdensome  permitting, licensing, and regulatory regimes.   Sadly, this legislation, driven out of the Speaker's Office, is  Speaker Pelosi doubling down on that agenda, one that is benefiting  political allies, leading to rampant waste, fraud, and abuse, and the  increase of dependence on China.   You know, there were many bipartisan provisions from the Committee on  Energy and Commerce included in this bill but, unfortunately, the  overall bill is extremely problematic. And a previously bipartisan  program that we had negotiated that would spur development and  deployment of like, for example, advanced communications  infrastructure, had labor restrictions attached to them that is only  going to make it harder for us to lead in 5G and next-gen  communications.   It also creates massive slush funds and more grants for Democrats'  political allies. There is a new grant and loan program at the  Department of Energy that is Solyndra on steroids, a $3 billion  domestic solar manufacturing program with less waste, fraud, and abuse  protections than what had led to Solyndra. It is a supercharged  Solyndra, that will benefit China, which controls critical minerals and  parts for solar panels.   There is a $45 billion supply chain program that is also for their  political allies, prioritizing labor unions, Blue State mayors and  Governors, and other allies over businesses and entities that could  actually make our supply chains more resilient.   I urge my colleagues to abandon this plan. Let's not surrender our  competitive edge to China. Let's work on real solutions that will make  us more competitive, win the future, and offer a better life for all.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  bringing us together to highlight such an important issue, the issue of  fentanyl and fentanyl substances that are surging on our southern  border. We must take action.   We have legislation, the STOP Fentanyl Act. Why it is not moving  forward is the question before us tonight. There have been over 1  million years of life lost because of teenagers and young adults who  have died due to overdoses--1 million years.   I think about a 23-year-old young man from Spokane, Washington,  Carson, who lost his life. He had his entire life ahead of him. His  mom, Molly, told me that all he wanted to do was to make this a better  place. When his dad passed away, it was Carson who helped maintain  their home. He lent a hand to those in need and did not expect anything  in return.   The day after Thanksgiving, he took one pill from a drug dealer on  Snapchat who told him it was Xanax. It was laced with illicit fentanyl,  and it killed him instantly.   His mom, Molly, is pleading with us to stop fentanyl and stop these  weapons-grade poisons so that other parents, other people, and other  family members all across this country do not have to feel her grief  and pain. She deserves justice.   Let's help end this crisis, save lives, and pass the HALT Fentanyl  Act.   