 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this very important  piece of legislation.   WIC recipients utilize formula at roughly double the rate of  nonparticipating families, ensuring that this crisis has had a  disproportionate impact on communities and families with the highest  needs. That means that low-income women and children are particularly  vulnerable during this nationwide formula shortage.   Today, we are taking swift action to help these families feed their  babies by safely getting more baby formula onto store shelves in the  face of manufacturer recalls.   I am excited to work with leadership and introduce the Access to Baby  Formula Act, which helps improve access to formula products for WIC  participants while also better protecting them during future product  recalls.   This legislation establishes waiver authority to address emergencies  during disasters and supply chain disruptions by ensuring States that  contract companies with the WIC program can secure supplies from  additional manufacturers, if necessary.  [[Page H5154]]    The bill also waives requirements that slow down the process to get  formula back on the shelves, without sacrificing safety standards.   The bill promotes coordination and information sharing between the  Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services  regarding any supply chain disruption, including supplemental food  recalls.   As a member of the Education and Labor Committee and chair of the  Subcommittee on Nutrition, Oversight, and Department Operations, when  this crisis arose, I was concerned, like many of my colleagues. I  called the chairman and spoke to Speaker Pelosi to share my concerns.  We worked together to come up with a solution to get formula to  families as quickly as possible.   I thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Steel) for joining us  in this effort. I thank her so much for her help.   I know the feeling of desperation and stress that mothers,  grandmothers, and family members across the country are feeling as they  are searching for formula for their children.   Mothers in my district have joined Facebook groups to find where  formula is available in our district. They are waiting in long lines  outside of stores and buying sample packs on the street. They are even  resorting to the dangerous practice of watering down their formula just  to stretch the supply. They are desperate.   As many as 75 percent of American families are at least partially  dependent on formula to provide nutrients to their infants.  Additionally, some infants are solely reliant on specialty formulas to  manage medical disorders.   In my district, I talked to Marcia from Farmington and Caitlin from  Watertown, who sent messages to my office begging for help. My heart  broke as these women shared their stories.   For those families who are able to find formula in local stores, the  prices they are paying today have increased dramatically, in some cases  up 18 percent over the past year.   It is important to recognize why we are in this situation. Families  are actively seeing the consequences of a monopoly in any industry  during a time of unprecedented supply chain challenges. The U.S. infant  formula market is dominated by three companies: Abbott Nutrition,  Enfamil, and Gerber. Abbott holds the largest share of contracts in the  WIC program with States, territories, and Tribes. This means that  nearly half of all infants in the program are reliant on their formula.   They also provide 43 percent of baby formula in the United States and  is one of several companies that controls 89 percent of the U.S. infant  formula market, making it especially vulnerable to issues like this.   When the massive companies in charge of this product fail, millions  of families are thrust into the dangerous situation of not being able  to feed their children.   It is unconscionable that we did not have a backup plan for a supply  chain issue like we are seeing, and families are left desperate. This  bill does that, ensuring that if we ever have this type of crisis in  the future, we are prepared, and we can quickly shift gears.   I want to say to the moms struggling that we hear you in Congress,  and you do not need to handle this on your own. We are working to find  you a solution. Your words are not falling on deaf ears.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   