 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, as chair of the  Committee on Oversight and Reform, I rise in strong, strong support of  the Inflation Reduction Act.   My committee conducted a 3-year investigation of prescription drug  prices. Our findings overwhelmingly support the need for this bill's  reforms to curb the drug industry's outrageous pricing practices and  make prescription drugs more affordable for patients and taxpayers.  [[Page H7648]]    These reforms include empowering Medicare to negotiate prices for  certain drugs, a step that is long overdue.   My committee's investigation into the fossil fuel industry showed  that Big Oil is refusing to take adequate steps to cut emissions, even  though burning fossil fuels is a primary driver of the climate crisis.  This bill will finally bring down emissions from fossil fuels, helping  our environment.   I am proud to have championed other provisions in the bill, including  a historic investment of $3 billion to electrify the Postal Service  delivery fleet. This will replace tens of thousands of gas-guzzling  trucks with clean, electric vehicles, helping our environment.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to cast my vote for the Inflation Reduction  Act today.   Mr. Speaker, as Chairwoman of the Committee on Oversight and Reform,  I rise in support of the Inflation Reduction Act.   My Committee conducted a three-year investigation of prescription  drug pricing. Our findings overwhelmingly support the need for this  bill's reforms to curb the drug industry's outrageous pricing practices  and make prescription drugs more affordable for patients and taxpayers.   These reforms include empowering Medicare to negotiate prices for  certain drugs, a step that is long overdue.   My Committee's investigation into the fossil fuel industry showed  that Big Oil is refusing to take adequate steps to cut emissions, even  though burning fossil fuels is a primary driver of the climate crisis.   This bill will finally bring down emissions from fossil fuels.   I'm also proud to have championed other provisions in this bill,  including a historic investment of $3 billion to electrify the Postal  Service delivery fleet. This will replace tens of thousands of gas- guzzling trucks with clean electric vehicles.   I am honored to cast my vote for the Inflation Reduction Act today.    MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I want to  highlight the long-overdue reforms contained in this legislation to  make lifesaving medicine affordable for the millions of Medicare  beneficiaries in this country.   First, it will cap copayments for insulin products at $35 per month.  My Committee's investigation found that, since the 1990s, insulin  manufacturers have been raising the price of this life-saving medicine,  despite no improvements to the drug, while making record profits. This  price gouging has harmed Americans, and capping out-of-pocket costs is  an important step to reducing insulin costs for seniors and people with  disabilities.   The Inflation Reduction Act is also an incredible step forward in our  efforts to protect Americans from being overburdened with high out-of- pocket costs and healthcare-related expenses. For the first time, it  would limit a beneficiary's out-of-pocket costs for prescription drugs  covered by Medicare Part D to $2,000 a year. My Committee's  investigation found that drug companies' price increases have imposed  thousands of dollars in annual out-of-pocket costs on patients,  especially for drugs that treat cancer or chronic conditions. This  annual cap will provide much-needed financial protection, especially  for the millions of beneficiaries who take high price drugs for cancer,  rare diseases, or chronic conditions.   Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act will make health insurance  coverage more affordable for millions of Americans by extending key  Affordable Care Act (ACA) tax credits through 2025, building on the  important progress made by the American Rescue Plan signed into law  last March. By providing tax credits for millions of consumers  purchasing coverage through an ACA marketplace, the American Rescue  Plan expanded access to health insurance and made it significantly more  affordable.   Since passage of the American Rescue Plan, four out of five consumers  were able to find an ACA marketplace plan for $10 or less per month.  These savings allowed nearly 6 million new consumers to sign up for  marketplace coverage during the first year of the Biden-Harris  Administration. This year, a record 14.5 million consumers have signed  up for marketplace coverage, and the national uninsured rate recently  reached a record low of 8.0 percent. The Inflation Reduction Act  extends these critical benefits for millions of Americans, and  continues our work to ensure that all people in this country have  access to health insurance coverage.   As Chairwoman, I was also proud to include $50 million dollars in the  Inflation Reduction Act to ensure that the economic and environmental  benefits of funding across the Inflation Reduction Act are spread  equitably. For decades, low-income communities and communities of color  have suffered from chronic underinvestment while being forced to suffer  the most severe health and economic impacts of pollution and climate  change.   We won't stand for that any longer. The Inflation Reduction Act will  lower costs, create better-paying jobs, and build healthier, more  sustainable communities. With my Committee's oversight funding  included, we can make sure these benefits are being spread fairly and  that clean energy investments support environmental justice communities  that need them the most.   Finally, my Committee worked to include almost a billion dollars to  support for the deployment of emerging sustainable technologies to  reduce emissions while also saving taxpayer dollars. This good  government provision will support innovation to drive down the cost of  clean energy solutions, which is better for consumers and better for  our children's future.   This is all accomplished alongside inflation-fighting measures that  will cut the nation's deficit by a historic $300 billion without  raising taxes on small businesses or on a single person or family in  the middle class. The Inflation Reduction Act closes loopholes that  have allowed billionaire corporations to avoid paying their minimum  fair share of income tax.  [[Page H7701]]  Thanks to this transformative legislation and today's historic vote,  those days are behind us, and better days of a more fair and prosperous  nation are ahead. It is an honor to send this legislation to the  President's desk.   