 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. DeFazio for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my chair, Peter DeFazio, Ranking  Member Graves, and the subcommittee's ranking member, my friend, Mr.  Rouzer, and bring to the floor H.R. 7776, the Water Resources  Development Act of 2022.   The Water Resources Development Act is our legislative commitment to  investing in and protecting our communities from flooding events,  restoring our environment and ecosystems, and keeping our Nation's  competitiveness by supporting our ports and harbors.   Through the biennial enactment of WRDA legislation, the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee has addressed local,  regional, and national needs through authorization of new U.S. Army  Corps of Engineers projects, studies, and policies that benefit every  corner of the Nation.   We held four hearings in preparation for this bill, including a  Member Day hearing. We had a formal process to receive legislative,  policy, and project ideas from Members which resulted in 1,500 ideas  submitted to us by Members, so that is quite an accomplishment for our  staff to go through. I thank all Members for engaging with the  committee on this bill and advocating for the needs of their districts.  We were able to incorporate most of the requests from Members into the  bill.   I am particularly thankful that we were able to make a commitment in  this WRDA--thank God, the fifth WRDA--to address the needs of Tribal  and disadvantaged communities. The bill requires the Army Corps of  Engineers to improve outreach to these communities by creating liaison  programs in each Corps district region across the country. That is new.   WRDA includes provisions to develop technical assistance programs  that provide guidance to Tribal communities on water resource projects,  identify opportunities and challenges on existing Corps projects, and  provide planning assistance for future projects. The bill gives Corps  personnel the training and tools to effectively address issues on  Tribal lands of ancestral, historic, and cultural significance,  including burial grounds.   WRDA also continues the effort we started over 10 years ago to  improve water supply at Corps dams by addressing managed aquifer  replenishment so that dams can hold water for recharge to local  groundwater basins. The bill addresses the buildup and removal of  sediment in reservoirs to improve operations and capacity of dams. The  bill requires the Corps to take a particular focus on infrastructure in  the West, to evaluate opportunities to improve water management, water  supply, and address the impacts of climate change.   Section 116 of the bill continues Congress' goal of improving dam  safety by assessing the status of all dams maintained by the Corps and  determining the needs for rehabilitation, retrofit, or removal.   Section 128 of the bill is bipartisan legislation my good friend,  Ranking Member Rouzer, and I introduced titled H.R. 7762, the Army  Corps of Engineers Military Personnel Augmentation Act. It amends an  outdated 1956 law which is prohibitive against current soldiers who  have the technical skills to provide engineering support to the civil  works mission of the Army Corps.   In 1956 there were not a lot of NCOs with advanced degrees, so it was  presumed that only commissioned officers would be properly trained to  handle civil works responsibilities. However, since that time and the  development of the professional Army, there are many NCOs, National  Guard officers, and warrant officers with advanced engineering and  technical skills, and it no longer makes sense to exclude them from  positions in civil works. This change is supported by the Secretary of  the Army, the Chief of Engineers, and the National Guard Association of  the United States.   The bill also provides for hundreds of local concerns throughout the  country. I am proud that this bill transfers the authorization of 31  debris basins in my region to the Los Angeles County Flood Control  District. These debris basins are locally owned and have been  successfully operated and maintained by the County of Los Angeles for  decades. This provision will formalize the current operations of these  debris basins.   WRDA also includes authorization for the development of storm water,  sewer, and ecosystem restoration projects in the San Gabriel Valley and  greater Los Angeles County. This will improve flood protection and  boost local water supply at the same time by investing in spreading  grounds, dam infrastructure, and treatment operations.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the many people who have helped this bill become  a reality. I thank the leadership at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers-- Assistant Secretary Connor and Lieutenant General Spellmon--and their  incredible staff who have worked through over 1,000 submissions that we  received for WRDA 2022.   I am very fortunate to have some of the best water leaders in the  country in my district and southern California who provided valuable  input for this bill, including Colonel Julie Balten and David Van Dorpe  of the Los Angeles District.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7776.   