 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so that we can immediately consider the American  Energy Independence from Russia Act.   Gas prices are at $5 and even $6 a gallon. The average household is  now spending $2,000 more a year because of increased gas costs on  Biden's watch. Biden and the Democrats think that now is the time to  add $45 billion in new taxes on the oil and gas industry. Many  Americans have been and are being regulated into poverty in an  unnecessary sacrifice at the altar of climate change.   Instead of unleashing our domestic oil and gas industry, Biden is  ``simp'' to radical environmentalists and not-in-my-backyard  extremists, and literally begged OPEC to drill more oil instead of  relying on the hardworking American roughneck.   On day one, he canceled the Keystone XL pipeline, killing 11,000  good-paying American energy jobs. But that didn't stop the big guy from  approving the Nord Stream 2 pipeline and benefitting our enemies.   Because of Biden's fake ban on Russian oil and gas, that won't even  go into effect for 22 more days and is littered with waivers to keep  Russian energy flowing, the U.S. continues to import 100,000 barrels of  Russian oil and send them roughly $10 million each day. We folks are  funding the Kremlin.   Why does Biden favor foreign energy over domestic energy? We know  that American natural gas is 42 percent cleaner than Russian gas, so it  is not for environmental reasons. But maybe there is another reason we  don't know about. Perhaps there is 10 percent in this tucked away for  the big guy.   How about this: Instead of funding both sides of the war and playing  Biden and Pelosi's con games, we should restart construction of the  Keystone XL pipeline, overturn Biden's energy leasing moratorium, and  expedite permits for pipelines and natural gas exports.   We need the American Energy Independence from Russia Act and stop  playing Biden's energy-from-anywhere-but-America game.   Mr. Speaker, America should not only have affordable energy for our  own use, but we should be exporting it abroad. We can literally export  strength and freedom to our allies.   In short, the solution is very simple. Drill, baby, drill.   