 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of our  committee for allotting me this time to speak on a bill that I think is  very important.   Mr. Speaker, I do rise today to defend the right of Black people to  exist as their authentic selves.   Mr. Speaker, 58 years after the passage of the Civil Rights Act of  1964, racial discrimination still runs rampant.  [[Page H1163]]  Far too often, Black people, especially Black women and girls, are  derided or deemed unprofessional simply because their hair does not  conform to White beauty standards.   Our natural hair is as innate a quality of Black people as the  presence of melanin in our skin. Discriminating against our hair is no  different than discriminating against the color of our skin.   Hair discrimination forces Black people to choose between employment  and existing authentically.   Black women are 80 percent more likely to alter their hair to fit in  at work. It is no different at school, where Black students are  disproportionately suspended for unapproved hairstyles.   Fortunately, with the support of groups like the CROWN Coalition,  State legislatures across the country have banned hair discrimination.  State-level progress is an important step in the right direction, but  it is not enough.   Mr. Speaker, I have reintroduced the CROWN Act to end hair  discrimination at the Federal level. My bill would eliminate an undue  burden that Black women face every day.   The methods Black women use to manipulate their hair are not only  costly and time-consuming but also damaging to their hair. Nobody  should have to sacrifice their time, their money, and the health of  their hair for the sake of complying with racist standards of  professionalism.   Further, the CROWN Act is a necessary step toward protecting Black  beauty and culture. Prohibiting hair discrimination is only the  beginning. Even if this bill becomes law, we have a long road ahead  toward a truly inclusive society.   As Members of Congress, we must pass legislation that promotes  diversity over discrimination and inclusivity over intolerance. And  through our work with other organizations like the CROWN Coalition and  the Screen Actors Guild, we can change the culture and build an America  where everyone, from our essential service workers to our most beloved  television stars, can live authentically. I thank those groups for  doing everything in their power to raise awareness of this important  but often ignored racial justice issue.   The CROWN Act is long-overdue civil rights legislation. I hope my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle will support it and send it to  the President's desk without delay.    No one should be forced to alter their appearance to be accepted. It  is time that Congress recognizes that, and I ask for their support.   