 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Sergeant  First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our PACT Act.   When the House first passed the PACT Act in March, I spoke on the  floor and urged my colleagues to find a bipartisan solution to give  toxic-exposed veterans the care and support that we as a country owe  them. This bill is that bipartisan solution, and I am proud to support  it.   As a 24-year military veteran, I have seen firsthand the effects that  toxic exposure has had on my fellow servicemembers, whether it is  herbicides like Agent Orange in southeast Asia or burn pits in the  Middle East.   In fact, my knowledge is so intimate that my husband, who is also a  30-year veteran, and I, have a close friend, Jay, who, after his  deployment to Desert Storm, that very brief conflict, in coming back to  the United States came off of the plane and collapsed. He developed a  heart condition called cardiomyopathy, which led this 30-year-old to  have a heart transplant, aseptic necrosis of his hip with a replacement  of his hip, and soon his untimely and young death.   Exposure to these substances can lead to severe life-altering  diseases. However, under the current system at the VA, it can be  extraordinarily costly, time-consuming, and in some cases, impossible  for a sick or disabled veteran to prove that their condition is related  to the toxins to which they were exposed during their military service.   The bill we are voting on today ensures that this will no longer be  the case. Under the framework created by the PACT Act, toxic-exposed  veterans will finally receive the care and benefits they deserve and  have earned. This bill ensures the VA will administer those benefits in  a responsible, fair way.   This new version of the PACT Act includes important reforms to build  on the VA's existing framework for toxic-exposed veterans, and it  ensures that the VA has the flexibility to respond and adapt to new  scientific evidence on toxic substances.   Importantly, it also ensures that veterans who are most in need-- those who are terminally ill, homeless, elderly, or experiencing  hardship--receive their benefits immediately so they do not have to  wait any longer for our government to act.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support the PACT Act. This  bill is not perfect by any means, but we should not allow perfect to be  the enemy of the good. Make no mistake, this is a good bill for our  Nation's veterans. I am proud to support this bill and I am proud to  stand with the men and women of our Armed Forces.  [[Page H6021]]        