 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Gohmert for yielding.  I am a survivor of domestic violence, and it is still hard for me to  talk about it, and it has almost been 30 years ago since I left my  abusive ex-husband.   Domestic abuse and violence is very common, unfortunately. I think  one in four women are abused by either a boyfriend or a husband, and it  is a very, very big issue that I am glad Mr. Gohmert is showing  attention to and shining light on.   At this time, very briefly, I thank our U.S. Supreme Court Justices  for the hard work and dedication that they have, and I condemn the  intimidation tactics that are taking place against our U.S. Supreme  Court Justices. It is an absolute shame. It needs to be stopped.   As we await the U.S. Supreme Court's decision that may overturn Roe  v. Wade, I stand with the vulnerable women and girls grappling with  unplanned pregnancies and the precious infants that they carry.   Pro-abortion advocates and some elected officials push vulnerable  women and girls toward abortion and deem it as an empowering choice.  There is no empowerment nor compassion in abortion. There is no  encouragement in crushing, dismembering, poisoning babies, and sucking  them out of the womb with a vacuum.   That is why it is so important that we support vulnerable women and  girls who are facing unwanted pregnancies and help them during that  critical time. That is why myself and millions of women across the  country support pro-life pregnancy centers, support adoptions, support  housing for vulnerable women.   What is often forgotten in this argument is the long-term  psychological mental health of the mother who aborted their baby.  [[Page H4964]]    One of the reasons that I believe I have been led to serve in  Congress is to help save the lives of innocent babies in the womb. And  now as you see on this floor, Republicans over and over again have  called on Speaker Pelosi and the Democrats to put up a bill to save  babies that are born alive--yes, born alive--from a botched abortion.  Right now we have found that they are being laid aside on a table or  they are found in a wastebasket and left to die. Certainly America can  do better. We must do better.   