 Mr. Speaker, I don't know if I am going to make it  through this without a tear either, Dr. Foxx.   Mr. Speaker, I have had the privilege of spending the last 2 years  across the hallway in the Longworth Building from our colleague, Fred  Keller. Throughout that time, I have been lucky enough to get to know  Fred and his staff, and each was eager to lend a hand as my own staff  and I adjusted to our new office, which was a little bit of a challenge  because we had a contest and so we were a little late adding staff.   I think one of the easiest ways to judge a Member of Congress is by  their staff and the team they assemble. Team Keller has always been  helpful, insightful, talented, intelligent, kind, and thoughtful.   I also got to know Fred and his wife when we met for a longer period  of time last summer at Nemacolin in Pennsylvania, his home State. He  and his wife and my chief of staff enjoyed getting to know one another.  I got to know Fred as a family man, who was elected in a special  election, as a surprise to his wife when he let her know that he was  going to run for Congress.   I got to know he and his family, and especially his family members  that he would bring up to the Capitol, his granddaughters who can be  found running up on the seventh floor or here in the Chamber.   When I asked his staff about Fred, one of the things they said struck  me because it is also the reason that I ran for Congress. Fred wanted  to make the American Dream accessible to everyone regardless of their  background, their social status, their upbringing, their class, their  race, or where they come from.   To do so, he spent his days bringing Pennsylvania to Washington and  taking Washington back home. He believed, rightfully so, that D.C.  could benefit from more hard work and fewer frills.   Now, I don't want you to think that Fred is only a serious person  because that would underestimate another part of his personality. I  also enjoyed spending time with Fred at the Education and Labor  Committee, and being in the minority is no fun.   Once I caught Fred--more than once--thinking out loud and speaking  under his breath. And because I sat next to him, when we were permitted  to do so after the COVID requirements were lifted, I thought he raised  some very salient, erudite points.   As the next Republican to speak, I added them to my own 5-minute  speech. After I finished speaking, Fred turned to me, and said: You  raised some really good points. I laughed, and said: I certainly hope  so, they were the points that you made, and I stole them. He had no  idea that he speaks out loud and under his breath, and that I would  listen to him and hear him, but that was Fred.   He was and is full of great ideas. We were so very fortunate to have  him as a colleague, and I was tremendously saddened the day he  announced he would not run for reelection, and that I would miss him as  a colleague and as a friend.   I really look forward to what is next for Fred because he will always  be in service, he will always succeed, and he will always be a leader  because what makes a leader isn't their title, it is not their  position, it is not the pin they wear on their lapel.   What makes a leader is an individual, who, by their example, inspires  and motivates others, who challenges others to go beyond what they  think is their capacity, and reach heights that they did not know they  could even reach. Fred does that for his children, for his  grandchildren, and for all of us.   I have a feeling this isn't the last that we will see of Fred, and I  look forward to future encounters with he and his family. I thank Fred  so much for gracing me with all of his intellect, his ideas, his quiet  comments under his breath, his salient points, and getting to know his  family.   