 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    As I have talked on this floor through the past few  years, I have talked about visiting each of the 95 counties in our  great State of Tennessee every year. And when I am there, I spend much  of the time talking with local leaders, small business owners,  families, citizens who call Tennessee home. And I have seen firsthand  what the Biden agenda has done to them over these past 2 years.   The out-of-control spending that started almost immediately after  Democrats took power and the inflation it caused has made life too  expensive to afford for many individuals. The open border policy that  did indeed start on day 1 of this administration overwhelmed Border  Patrol and turned every Tennessee town, just like towns all across this  country, into a border town.   The Democrats' obsession with environmental radicalism and the Green  New Deal destroyed thousands of jobs, and as a bonus, this has sent gas  and energy prices soaring.   They ignored our broken-down supply chains, and now economic  development in rural and depressed areas has stalled out. I wish I  could chalk all this up to gross incompetence, but after 2 years, I  know and Tennesseans know there is a lot more to that story. Joe Biden  and the Democrats know what they are doing. They know it is wrong, and  they are doing it anyway.   One of the most frightening consequences of Joe Biden's reckless  abuse of power is the rise in violent crime. The left's ``defund the  police'' movement gained traction before Biden and his Democratic  allies took power here in Washington, DC, but it was their decision to  let it fester and undermine local law enforcement.   Instead of abiding by their duty to keep Americans safe, they have  made heroes out of criminals and turned police officers into villains.   The results have been disastrous. Compared to mid-2019, America's  largest cities have seen a 50-percent increase in homicides and a 36- percent increase in aggravated assaults.   Cities that caved to the radical left's demands to gut the police  department have seen crime rates rise even higher.   The people of Memphis have had a front-row seat to this violence. I  would implore my colleagues to listen to them, rather than to the anti- police activists making their phones ring, because they--they--are the  ones who are paying the price for this little experiment.   Ask them how they felt as they watched a shooting spree play out live  on social media. I won't use the perpetrator's name here on the floor  of the Senate, but he is accused of murdering three people, wounding  three others, and committing not one but two carjackings.   Ask them how they felt when they found out what happened to the wife,  [[Page S4817]]  mother, and teacher who never came back from her morning run. A monster  with a long criminal record--again, whose name I will not use here--is  charged with her brutal abduction and murder. And then ask them how  they would feel about living in a world without law enforcement  officers.   There are thousands of examples, unfortunately, that I could list,  but the point is that the Democrats and their reckless anti-cop, anti- law enforcement agenda destroyed the concept of law and order in this  country to service a narrative about how evil America is, but in the  end, all they did was to empower the real evildoers.   Joe Biden and the Democrats have squandered their time in power,  wasting our money and throwing cops under the bus, and now, just as  they have with every other disastrous choice they have made, they are  determined to, unfortunately, ignore the consequences.    The Democrats did not take power with a mandate to defund the police,  but if they listened to the American people, they would have known we  do have a mandate to undo the damage that caused and support ``Back the  Blue'' and make our communities safe again.   Last week, Senator Hagerty and I introduced the Restoring Law and  Order Act, and I am hopeful that my Democratic colleagues will see  reason and help us move this through Congress and to the President's  desk as soon as possible.   The bill addresses two key priorities we should all share: One,  hiring more police officers with experience handling violent crime and,  two, cutting down the processing time that it is taking for processing  rape kits.   Sheriffs in Tennessee have confirmed for me, time and again, that  manpower is, indeed, a problem. They don't have enough people to keep  up with the crimewave that we are seeing. We need to change that.   We are also going to give them the resources they need to target drug  crime, clean all that cartel fentanyl off the streets, and keep  criminals locked up behind bars.   I want to devote the time I have left to the issue of the rape kit  backlog because this is something that we have talked about for years  but haven't been able to get to the bottom of, even with the help of  hundreds of millions of dollars.   Simply throwing money at the problem is no longer enough. I want to  use one program as an example of why we know this is the case. Between  2015 and 2021, $266 million in grants has flowed out the door to 40  States and the District of Columbia as part of the Sexual Assault Kit  Initiative.   These jurisdictions have identified about 136,000 unsubmitted kits  and tested more than 81,000 of them. Let that number sink in. As I  said, they have identified 136,000 kits. They have tested more than  81,000 of them.   This has led to 13,000 CODIS hits, 189 convictions, and 795 guilty  pleas. Good results but not good enough. Those grantees still have  50,000 kits gathering dust on the shelves of their evidence lockers-- 50,000--50,000 kits, aggravated assaults, rapes, incidences reported,  but they have not been processed even yet.   So what is going on here? That is a question that is truly in need of  an answer, and this administration, the Democrats, all of us in this  Chamber, owe it to the women in this country to help local law  enforcement officers get an answer.   Why are these kits not being processed in a timely manner? As I said,  we have put hundreds of millions of dollars into this. We have made  certain kits are there. We have money that has been put forward to push  these through the system, but they are languishing. We are not getting  those results in a timely manner in order to lock up violent criminals.   The Restoring Law and Order Act will direct some funds to State and  local agencies to specifically address the backlog. It also will  require the GAO to study the availability of and deficiencies in  processing rape kits.   Congress has let this go on long enough. When I speak to women at  home in Tennessee, they are terrified about how far this has been  willing to let go. This President's anti-justice agenda has destroyed  trust in our system.   It is astonishing to me that in 2022, we are still having to debate  the merits--the merits--of maintaining law and order, especially  considering we can see the consequences of undermining it live and on  camera every single night.   Turn on the local news here in DC, you will get a taste of what it  looks like when local leadership turns their backs on victims and  empowers criminals.   The Restoring Law and Order Act is an important bill that the Senate  should pass as soon as possible, but that is just one step. If you  listen to the outcry from Memphis or L.A. or New York and other cities  around the country and especially on the border, it is so clear this  President and the Democrats have a mandate from the American people to  fight crime, to empower law enforcement, and to seek justice for  victims of violence.   This means embracing a simple mantra: If you do the crime, you have  to pay the time. It also means hiring and electing tough prosecutors  and district attorneys and eliminating soft-on-crime policies that  allow violent offenders to roam free.   If the powers that be had been a little tougher on the violent  criminal who live-streamed his shooting spree, the streets of Memphis  would have been a little bit safer. He only served 11 months of a  previous 3-year sentence for aggravated assault. But they let him out  early, and now three individuals have lost their lives. If they had  really taken their time with the other criminal I mentioned just a few  moments ago, who had a past record of rape and aggravated assault, they  may not have let him out of prison before his 24-year sentence was up.  If the crime lab had secured the resources to clear their rape kit  backlog, they may have discovered the year-old kit containing his DNA  and stopped his release. The monster would still be in jail; a wife and  mother would still be alive; and one less family would be in mourning.   The time for politicizing this has come to an end. Tennesseans aren't  worried about the midterms. They are not worried about a legislative  timeline. What matters to them is restoring law and order.   I would venture to guess that this President's administration and my  Democratic colleagues probably know this, and if they block this bill,  if they stand between victims of violent crime and the justice they  deserve, they do so with the knowledge that more people will die; more  violent offenders will walk free; and more families will suffer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   