 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from  Pennsylvania for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, I would like to start off by saying that I am going to  specifically talk about H.R. 7606. Many of the bills included in that  bill, in H.R. 7606, I supported and helped introduce. The Butcher Block  Act, year-round E-15, and the PRECISE Act are all pieces of legislation  I have long supported and are included in this package.   I find it stunning that my colleagues in the majority after many  months of sitting on these thoughtful, bipartisan bills are finally  bringing them forward attached to a poison pill that is duplicative and  unnecessary.   Perhaps most disappointing is that this bill is being advertised as  an immediate solution to skyrocketing food and fuel prices. But many of  these bills are simply codifications of existing programs or  duplicative of other efforts all packaged with a feel-good title.   Let me be clear. These will not address the underlying drivers of  inflation or increasing input costs. If the majority were serious about  bringing down the cost of our food and fuel, they would check their  incessant spending habits far beyond the Federal Government's means.  They would roll back the Biden administration's regulatory war on  agriculture.   But that is not what this bill does.   Madam Speaker, the Packers and Stockyards Division already has  enforcement tools at their disposal to address uncompetitive behavior  in the meatpacking sector. However, by the Packers and Stockyards  Division's own estimates, the agency is chronically understaffed and  underfunded. If my colleagues were serious about combating  uncompetitive behavior in the meatpacking industry, they would have  included robust resources to enhance enforcement under the Packers and  Stockyard Act.   This legislation is unfunded and creates an unnecessary and  duplicative special investigator appointed by an administration that  blames rising costs of goods and services on everyone but themselves  and is empowered with nearly unlimited authority to harass market  participants when convenient for the politics of this administration.   Further, the Department of Justice has already been in the process of  investigating meatpackers with respect to this exact issue.   I would ask my colleague if they have yet to receive any update  regarding this effort? And if so, what can we expect from it? I know  many of my Republican colleagues and I have been seeking an update for  months to no avail. Absent such investigation, it is inappropriate for  this bill to move forward.   Much of this package does have bipartisan support, but when I asked  why the majority didn't focus on the bills with strong bipartisan  consensus, I was essentially told that this is the package, this is  what the majority wants. The message to me was, Take it or leave it.  This shows, once again, the majority's unwillingness to work in a  bipartisan manner and really, really address the issues facing  Americans.   That is unfortunate, and I urge my colleagues in the majority to work  with Republicans in addressing these issues in a thoughtful and  bipartisan manner and to stop playing politics while our country  suffers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and the  underlying bill.   