 Madam President, my Democratic colleagues are  continuing what started last week, with spending hours trying to  convince Members of their own party, both here in this Chamber and  across the country, that they had no choice but to blow up the Senate  rules by firing a partisan torpedo at the filibuster.   Now, it appears, from what we have heard, that they used demeaning,  shaming words and really went about weaving quite a frightening tale  about what would happen if their Democratic colleagues did not cave on  this issue. That tale was no more based in reality than the vial  accusations of racism that they have hurled at those who oppose this  push to single-party rule.   Last week, when this insulting narrative started to collapse, they  tried a new approach and pitched their assault on the Senate as a  ``carve-out'' to accommodate an emergency change to election law.   I fully believe, when someone is going to tell you who they are, you  should believe them. And over the past year, we have watched Joe Biden  and the Democrats throw self-control out the window and leverage  emergency after emergency to expand their power.   Joe Biden signed more than a dozen Executive orders in the very first  hours of his Presidency, knowing that if he did not do this, these  policies would never see the light of day.   The people--and that is the people of this country--hadn't seen fit  to give his allies in Congress the majority that he needed for his  agenda, so he waved his pen and conjured up a mandate for himself.   And now, his Democratic allies in the Senate are prepared to do the  exact same thing on behalf of a bill that would federalize elections in  America, stripping away protections for the ballot box and injecting  uncertainty into the voting process.   Who asked for this? No one. If the American people wanted this, they  would have given the Democrats the majority they needed to get it done.  But they didn't. And, in fact, I hear from Tennesseans every day who  want it to be easier to vote and harder to cheat, not the other way  around.    But based on what I have seen, I have come to the conclusion that  what the people want no longer seems to matter to our Democratic  colleagues.   We can take today's event as proof that if the people don't see fit  to give them the power, they will come and take that power and turn the  Senate into a rubberstamp they can deploy when an Executive order just  won't get the job done.   That really frightens Tennesseans because they can see what is coming  down the path: open borders, court packing, gun control, the Green New  Deal, abortion on demand, socialized healthcare, speech restrictions,  federalized elections, and more out-of-control spending, and, yes,  higher inflation.   We know that this is the future that the Democrats are laying out for  America. It is the future that they see for our children and  grandchildren because these policies are the policies that they have  fought for since long before Joe Biden took office.   Do we really think that this attack on the Senate rules will stop  with an election law takeover? The American people don't think it will.  Tennesseans do not think that it will.   As I said, when somebody shows you who they really are, you ought to  believe them. And as I have said previously, this is no way to run the  world's greatest deliberative body, but this is exactly how the  Democrats are choosing to go about trying to destroy it.   I yield the floor.   