 Madam Speaker, I had a lot of problems to choose  from tonight, but I rise today to talk about the border crisis.   I remind the American people that our national security is still in  jeopardy as our southern border remains wide open. Since Joe Biden took  office, over 2.6 million illegal immigrants have been apprehended at  the southern border.   Because of President Biden's failed open border policies, more drugs  have been smuggled into our neighborhoods than ever before. CBP  estimates that nearly 5,300 pounds of deadly fentanyl analogues have  been apprehended, and that is enough to kill 2.4 billion people. I  don't know of a person that I talk to or that I see that hasn't been  touched by the loss of somebody concerning overdoses.   As a pharmacist, I know this all too well, that the illegal fentanyl  analogues flowing through Joe's open border have caused unthinkable  harm by poisoning our communities.   According to the Metro Public Health Department in Nashville last  year, 74 percent of overdose-related toxicology reports detected fatal  fentanyl analogues.   Wondering how all that fentanyl is getting into a State like mine? I  am not even a border State.   It is no coincidence that Border Patrol agents reported a 1,066  percent increase in fentanyl seizures at just one stretch of the U.S.- Mexico border last year.   The influx of dangerous, illegal drugs is making its way through all  our neighborhoods, and this is no longer a geographically tied tragedy.  As I said before, Tennessee isn't a border State, but we are all border  States. The Biden administration's failure has had deadly consequences,  and my home State has not been immune.   As I stand here today, the largest caravan of people intending to  illegally reside in the United States is heading to our southern  border. Word has gotten around that Joe Biden is soft on crime and that  he has opened his arms and our border to anyone and everyone.   This caravan could total up to 15,000 people, and that far outnumbers  our Border Patrol agents who are already struggling to protect our  borders. These thousands are just crumbs compared to the millions who  have entered our country illegally in the last year.   I have been to the border more times now in my first term in the  House of Representatives than Joe Biden has in nearly half a century in  public service. What I saw there at both Eagle Pass and the Rio Grande  Valley Sector was heartbreaking and infuriating.   I had the opportunity to speak with our Border Patrol agents who just  want to do their job and keep our Nation safe, but they are struggling  under the conditions this administration has boxed them into. They  don't have enough resources, manpower, or support to turn away the  hordes of invaders that come through the border every single day, and  the illicit and illegal criminals that are coming, the got-aways, we  don't know who they are, where they came from, or where they are going.  That is of even more concern.    In fact, they have been encouraged to help transport these  individuals to every corner of the Nation without a way of knowing who  they are or where they are going. What we do know is who is paying for  all this, and that is a simple answer. It is the American taxpayer.   This year, Secretary Mayorkas admitted that Americans are out $72  million just from President Biden's order to halt the border wall  construction. We are paying not to build the border wall. Plainly  speaking, the American people are being charged to ensure they are less  safe. This crisis greatly benefits the cartels and gravely threatens  Americans.   Every State is a border State as Joe Biden's border crisis damages  our national security. This crisis has gone on long enough. Americans  deserve better, and they deserve a closed border.   