 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for  organizing this very important moment on the floor of the House of  Representatives to address what is a critical, urgent issue, and crisis  in our country right now.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to this public health  crisis that our Nation has yet to adequately address. Over the last 13  years, youth mental well-being has plummeted. The Surgeon General's  office reported that between 2009 and 2019, the share of high school  students reporting persistent sadness or hopelessness increased by 40  percent, while the share of those contemplating suicide increased by 36  percent.   The COVID pandemic has only made this worse. The youth mental health  crisis--in many ways, a pandemic of its own--has only worsened in  recent years. While the President's COVID response has been  significantly more effective than that of his predecessor, we cannot  properly address COVID without addressing the mental health  consequences of over 2 years of isolation, uncertainty, and historic  amounts of death and suffering.   Black and Brown youth are among those hurting the most. In 2019, my  Emergency Task force on Black Youth Suicide and Mental Health found  alarming increases in suicide rates among Black youth, in part caused  by racial disparities in access to care. As of last year, that rate of  increase is more than twice as high for Black girls and Black boys.   In response to this, I introduced the Pursuing Equity in Mental  Health Act, which would invest in our entire mental health care system.  That means not just funding additional mental health research, but also  establishing a stigma-shattering outreach program and building a  larger, stronger, more culturally competent mental health care  workforce.   To fight America's youth mental health crisis, we must prioritize  equity and do everything in our power to eliminate racial and gender- based mental health disparities. This is an important moment in our  time in Congress. We have devastation, sadness, and incredibly  devastating responses to sadness at a very young age.   Madam Speaker, I did not know that a 5-year-old could comprehend that  ending his or her life was an answer to the pain that he or she has  been experiencing, but I know that it has happened. As a result of  seeing those posts over and over and over and over again on Facebook  and other platforms, that  [[Page H8050]]  is what motivated me to pull together that emergency task force. It has  yielded such tremendous information that we need as a country to know-- to know that we need to invest in all aspects of healthcare as it  relates to the disparities that exist with access to mental health care  as well as just healthcare in general.   We must do better. We have so much to overcome. We can do better, and  I look forward to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both  Houses to work collaboratively to do better for this next generation.   