 Madam Vice President, I rise today in support of two  important voting rights bills the Senate is now considering, the  Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.   The Freedom to Vote Act would protect access to the ballot by  permitting  [[Page S335]]  all voters to vote by mail, providing a minimum of 15 days of early in- person voting for Federal elections, and allowing same-day voter  registration at polling places. The bill would also protect nonpartisan  election officials from interference and intimidation and end partisan  gerrymandering of congressional districts.   The John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act would restore the Voting  Rights Act of 1965 by allowing the Justice Department to prevent  discriminatory State voting laws from taking effect.   The need for Federal legislation to protect the sacred and  fundamental right to vote is clear. Over the last year, we have  witnessed a disturbing increase in efforts by State legislatures across  the country to make it harder for eligible voters to access and cast  their ballots.   Last year, legislators in 49 States introduced more than 440 bills  that would make it harder to vote and easier for improper, partisan  interference in our election processes. At least 34 of these  restrictive bills have become law in 19 States.   For example, one new law in Georgia gives the partisan State election  board--composed of members appointed by the majority party of the State  legislature--the authority to take over election administration from  the existing nonpartisan county boards of elections that have  historically been responsible for conducting elections.   Another example is a new law in Iowa that makes it harder for  Americans with disabilities to vote by restricting access to absentee  ballots and restricting who is allowed to help voters with disabilities  return their ballots.   And across the country in red and blue States alike, State  legislators are engaging in partisan gerrymandering, strategically  redrawing congressional and State legislative maps to prevent some  voters from fully participating in the political process by diluting  the power of their votes.   This partisan gerrymandering, in effect, allows elected officials to  choose their voters rather than allowing voters to choose their elected  officials. This allows one party to design maps that give it a  disproportionate edge in State legislatures and delegations in the  House of Representatives. It also has an outsized impact on minority  communities, who all too often see their votes diluted when maps are  drawn to minimize their voting clout.   The right to vote is a cornerstone of our democracy, enshrined in our  Constitution. And the Constitution also makes clear that it is the duty  of Congress to ensure that the fundamental right to vote is protected.   Sadly, this legislation has become a partisan issue, even though  voting rights has traditionally passed the Senate by a strong  bipartisan majority and been signed into law by Presidents of both  parties. In today's Senate, it has become all too easy for either party  to block action on important legislation. Blocking debate or preventing  votes is as easy as denying requests for unanimous consent; Senators  don't even have to enter into debate or explain their opposition to a  measure.   Having been in the Senate since 1992 and seen important legislation  pass this body, I have resisted calls to change the Senate rules and to  limit the rights of the minority. But the Senate filibuster, which was  intended to be a tool to promote bipartisanship, has become a tool to  stop almost any major legislation.   When Americans thinks about the filibuster, many recall the image of  Jimmy Stewart in ``Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,'' speaking on the  Senate floor, actively debating a piece of legislation and explaining  their support or opposition. It is time that we return to that  tradition of debate and not use the filibuster to prevent us from even  talking about a bill.   If my Republican colleagues want to block this voting rights  legislation, I believe they should have to stand on the Senate floor  and explain to the American people why that is the case, even as the  right to vote is under attack in statehouses across the country.   As representatives of the American people, we should be fighting to  protect the fundamental right to vote, not standing in the way of it.  It should never be a legislator's goal to make it harder for eligible  voters to cast their ballots.   We cannot wait any longer. It is time for Congress to do the job the  Constitution gave us: To ensure that the right to vote is protected.   