 Mr. President, I rise today also in recognition of  the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2022.   I am delighted President Biden signed it into law yesterday as part  of the omnibus spending bill.   It is important to know that this bill reauthorizes critical programs  that help respond to domestic violence, dating violence, sexual  assault, and stalking. It is long overdue, but today, this bill will  become law.   Last month, I introduced this reauthorization bill alongside Senators  Ernst, Durbin--both of whom are on the floor today--Murkowski, who is  also here today, and additional cosponsors.   A number of advocates joined us, including Angelina Jolie, to speak  about the importance of the legislation.   The bill we introduced and the bill we are passing today has really  strong bipartisan support, including that of 11 Republican cosponsors.   In addition to reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act through  2027, the law includes bringing it up to date, and that is important.  It means that existing programs will be able to do an even better job  protecting and supporting survivors of domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   It is the result of a truly bipartisan effort, and I want to thank  Senators Ernst, Durbin--both are on the floor--particularly Senator  Murkowski, for working with me to prepare this important piece of  legislation. I am very appreciative of the partnership because the law  will become a reality. We also had help from a number of our Senate  colleagues on both side of the aisle who made important contributions  to the effort.   This act plays a critical role supporting law enforcement in their  efforts to stop these perpetrators before it is too late. It  reauthorizes important programs and provides the necessary updates to  strengthen them.   So what does it do?   First, it enhances and expands services for survivors, including  survivors in rural communities, LGBT survivors, survivors with  disabilities, and survivors who experience abuse later in life. Older  people get a lot of violence.   It strengthens the criminal justice response to domestic violence,  including by improving the Justice Department's STOP grant program and  strengthening the ability of Tribal courts to address instances of  domestic violence on Tribal lands.   It also establishes a pilot program that focuses on addressing  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking  through community-based, victim-initiated efforts to seek  accountability.   And the law invests in prevention education efforts that will improve  the healthcare system's response to sexual violence--we hope.   And these changes can have a real impact. Here is one example: The  International Association of Forensic Nurses reports that only one in  four U.S. hospitals has a sexual assault forensic nurse on duty--not a  special place but even one nurse on duty. Our bipartisan law remedies  this problem by providing additional funding and training to increase  access to forensic nurses, particularly in rural areas, where,  strangely enough, a lot of this violence takes place.   Through this bipartisan law, we will make significant improvements to  our Nation's response to domestic violence, but I want to caution  everybody, it isn't perfect.   I really regret that certain provisions were unable to be included in  this bill. In particular, I had hoped we could include a provision to  close the boyfriend loophole. Most people don't know that while  individuals convicted of domestic violence against a spouse are  prevented from purchasing a firearm, that is not the case for those  convicted of domestic violence against a dating partner.  [[Page S1199]]  We tried to get that part passed, and it is very disappointing that  there was not sufficient bipartisan support for this provision to close  what will remain a dangerous loophole.   So, clearly, we still have work to do. There are those of us who  follow these assaults carefully and make a determination where this  bill works and where it might need improvement, and I have just  suggested one. So we will watch those figures carefully.   I would like to thank the many advocates who provided valuable input  and support. This bill was written in close consultation with the  people who are on the frontlines helping survivors of domestic violence  every day.   For nearly 30 years, the Violence Against Women Act has played a  vital role in the Federal response to domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault, and stalking. As Katie Ray-Jones, the CEO of  the National Domestic Violence Hotline, noted, the Violence Against  Women Act provides services with ``a variety of options to meet their  evolving and complex needs for services and support.'' For example,  according to the National Network to End Domestic Violence, in a single  day in 2020, there were 76,525 survivors, in 1 day 75,000 women were  affected by domestic violence who received assistance thanks to  programs funded and supported by the Violence Against Women Act.   So despite the progress made over the last three decades, sexual,  emotional, and physical abuse are still painful realities for far too  many Americans. We need to say this over and over again. We need to  change minds and change actions.   More than one in three women and more than one in four men will  experience rape, physical violence, or stalking by an intimate partner  in their lifetime. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic  Violence in my home State of California, approximately 35 percent of  California women and 31 percent of California men will experience  violence from intimate partners in their lifetimes. That is an amazing  figure, if you think about it.   In conclusion, let me end with this: All too often, these instances  of domestic violence have fatal consequences. Every day, people are  killed by a current or former intimate partner. This law is long  overdue.   And I want to thank the Members who have spoken on the floor and all  those who voted for this law. We are glad to get it signed into law and  hope to put an end to some of this.   