 Mr. President, it gives me tremendous honor and pride  to offer remarks in recognition of this truly historic moment. I was  first elected to the Senate in 2008 and came to Washington alongside  our Nation's first African-American President. I remember the aura of  historical significance that permeated the whole country during those  early days of the Obama administration. In particular, I remember the  awe and joy surrounding the inauguration, with Americans lining our  streets, packed on the National Mall and glued to television screens in  New Hampshire and across our country. I have thought a lot about this  recently because I see that same excitement, anticipation, and  recognition of history unfolding before our eyes as we as a nation are  on the cusp of elevating our first female African-American Justice to  the highest Court in our land.  [[Page S2066]]    Our Constitution has served as a model for modern democracies around  the world. Important pillars of our society like equality under the  law, freedom of speech, press, and religion and the separation of  powers are all innovations that have made America a beacon of democracy  around the world. What makes our Constitution particularly exceptional  is its ability to be adjusted and adapted to more faithfully reflect  the interests and values of our diverse citizenry which it serves.  Important amendments have expanded rights for women and communities of  color, making our society more inclusive and pushing the needle toward  justice. The Constitution guards our basic rights and freedoms, and the  Justices of the Supreme Court serve as the guardians of that  Constitution.   It is precisely because of the importance of this Court and each of  its nine precious seats that the seating of a new Justice is such a  momentous occasion. And in this instance, the significance of the  moment has been met by a singular nominee whose achievements,  experience and integrity are fully worthy of the history books. In  addition, for the first time in history, a former public defender will  soon serve on the highest Court in the land. Judge Jackson has  already--truly--rendered outstanding service to her country.   Judge Jackson's lived experiences as a Black woman and a mother will  bring essential insights to the Supreme Court which, for the first time  in 232 years, will approach gender parity. While I fully believe  Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg would have loved seeing Justice Jackson  ascend to her beloved Court, we still have a long way to go before we  get to Justice Ginsburg's vision of nine female Justices. But one step  at a time, we are building a better, more inclusive country. More  succinctly put: We are building democratic institutions that represent  the public they serve. Justice Jackson will make history and bring the  full bounty of her rich and diverse personal history to the Court, just  as Louis Brandeis, Thurgood Marshall, Sandra Day O'Connor, and Sonia  Sotomayor did before her.   I will end with one last reflection: Judge Jackson's historic  nomination offers hope and optimism at a time when partisanship and  division threaten to unravel our very democracy. During my conversation  with her, I was struck by her genuine candor in discussing how she  would approach working with other Justices from different ideological  backgrounds. She seeks to appeal to shared experiences and values with  Justices whose ideological backgrounds differ from her own. This  recognition that we all have more that unites than divides us gives me  faith not only in Judge Jackson's ability to forge consensus, but also  that we as a nation have a brighter future ahead of us than behind us,  and that we can, and must, work together to bridge our divides-- ideological and otherwise.   If I can paraphrase a fellow Granite Stater, the great Senator Daniel  Webster whose desk I occupy today: ``Justice is what binds civilized  nations together.'' And I believe that Judge Jackson will faithfully  use her seat on the Supreme Court to deliver just that kind of justice.  Judge Jackson is the very best of America, and I am honored and excited  to cast my vote to confirm her to the Supreme Court of the United  States.   