 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  far-left inflation expansion act.   This bill is detrimental to Americans' wallets and their ability just  to keep their heads above water. This bill is littered with economy- crushing measures that cater to climate extremists and Socialists. This  tax will impact every single part of our lives. It will be more  expensive to heat our homes, to buy basic necessities, and it will even  de-incentivize manufacturing of thousands upon thousands of goods that  we use every day.   This bill is chock-full of Green New Deal slush funds with no  accountability and no transparency. We cannot afford to pour billions  that we don't have into programs that cut our gas and oil industry off  at the knees--an industry that is already suffering greatly under the  Biden administration.   This attack on our refineries could lead to even higher gas prices. I  know that is hard to believe, but it is true. It leaves us exposed and  more reliant on our enemies.   This bill is problematic from start to finish, but as a licensed  pharmacist for over 30 years, the most concerning part of this  Socialist scheme is that the government will now have authority to set  pricing on lifesaving medication. And when they set the price, it is  going to be out of the reach of the Americans who need it the most. The  tip of the day is you never want the government in control of pricing  anything.   This act will directly take away hope from seniors and as many as  100-plus cures will be in jeopardy. There will be no incentive for  companies to develop cures for rare and ultra-rare diseases. This bill  encourages drug companies to spend less on research and development and  more on navigating the politics of it all.   Americans are already being forced to choose between purchasing  groceries or purchasing their prescriptions, and the last thing anyone  needs is higher prices for prescriptions and rising insurance premiums.   Members on the other side of the aisle continue to push an agenda  that America does not want. This bill is horrendous. It is an  abomination that Democrats would go to such lengths--as far as risking  the health and the safety of the people they swore an oath to  represent--just to push their radical liberal agenda.       Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to consider the lives that will  be negatively impacted by this radical bill and hope to see all the  Members of the House of Representatives make the right decision for  America with a ``no'' vote on this far-left inflation expansion act.   