 Mr. President, my colleague from Texas was just  talking about how taxes go up and spending seems to increase. This  week, we have had before us a bill that was going to be about 30  billion and then 52 billion and then 72 billion. Now it comes out, and  it is almost $300 billion.   This is a piece of legislation that has had a variety of different  names, and I have found it so interesting that it has had so many  different names. Let's see. It has been called CHIPS, CHIPS+, CHIPS and  Science, USICA, Endless Frontier, and ``China COMPETES.'' You know, it  seems as if there was a name that was given whenever there was an  occasion that you thought you could rename something and make it fit,  and I know DC is just famous for having these bills with the acronyms  and the fancy-sounding names. But when I talk to Tennesseans, it is so  apparent they are tired of that. What they want are the facts. They  want someone who is going to tell them the truth. What they know is  that China is an adversary; they are not a competitor. They know that  we have to work diligently to stay competitive with China and not let  them get the upper hand. But when we talk about these issues, sometimes  we lose sight of that big picture. I do feel that as we talked about  the CHIPS bill and semiconductor supply chains, this is something we  lost sight of.   You know, there are some of us who have worked on the issues of  dealing with China going back into the early years of this century,  looking at IP theft, looking at reverse engineering, looking at the way  the Chinese Communist Party would dip in and grab up great ideas from  American innovators and then off to the races they would go. We have a  lot of companies that learned a lot of tough lessons trying to  manufacture in China. And then we come up near the pandemic.   When I was over in the House and before that period of time, we had  an issue and realized that our active pharmaceutical manufacturing was  where? In China. We couldn't get penicillin. Why was that? It was  because there was one factory in China that made that, and the factory  had an explosion. So we had a shortage on that. Then we had an issue  with Heparin, and we had some deaths that were caused by a tainted  product that was coming out of a factory there.    So Senator Menendez and I had a piece of legislation that would have  incentivized returning active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing  to the United States. Then we got into the issues of the pandemic, and  then everyone was saying: Critical supply chains--we need to bring them  back. Indeed, that is something that is important to do. Chips are an  important part of that. Our laptops, our electronics, our automobiles  all need chips, and there was a shortage. People began to realize that  our military aircraft, our radar systems, our major defense systems all  needed the chips. But, likewise, we needed active pharmaceutical  ingredients. We needed our telecommunications supply chains. We needed  polysilicon. We needed ag chemicals. All of these are critical supply  chains.   Personally, I was optimistic about the possibility that we were  finally going to begin to unravel this relationship we have had with  the Chinese Communist Party. I see it as a dangerous relationship. But,  like many pieces of well-intentioned legislation, it became a victim of  some of the same compulsion to squeeze money from the American taxpayer  and put it into a very narrow silo.   So after more than 2 years of working on these issues and multiple  failed iterations, what we have is a bill that spends about $300  billion and is a gateway to industrial planning. I know that many of my  colleagues have read some of the postmortems on this, and people  realize this wasn't about chips. It wasn't 72 billion. There was  authorization language in there that was going to balloon this.   There was beefing up of the National Science Foundation, and we have  National Labs that do a lot of that work. There were protections for  U.S. manufacturing, some anti-China provisions, security provisions,  that, guess what, poof in the night, a line drawn through them. They  are out.   Wasn't that to be the purpose of this legislation? Of course it was.  Let's bring the manufacturing back to the United States. And that is  what we should have done. We should have looked at ways that we could  bring manufacturing back across the range of critical supply chains.   We all know that China's control over our active pharmaceutical  ingredients and other pharmaceutical products--that is a problem.  Control over our telecom equipment--yes, that is a problem. Huawei  equipment that we are having to rip out and replace in this country;  telecom equipment that is part of our critical supply chain; control  over our supplies of minerals and chemicals--for the Chinese Communist  Party to control that, that is a problem.   So many who worked on this have spent 2 years looking at and working  on supply chains and competition, and now what they have is legislation  that invests billions of dollars in one industry, one industrial  sector, and promises hundreds of billions of dollars more to the NSF  that will duplicate many of those efforts that are already in progress  at our National Labs and other DOE facilities.   So we are 2 years and $280 billion into this, and about $80 billion  of that goes  [[Page S3731]]  into one industry. Honestly, it does not add up. We could have spent  that time and a lot less money so much more wisely. We could have used  tax credits to incentivize multiple industries to come home, to set up  shop in business-friendly States like Tennessee and create thousands of  jobs for American workers.   This is what you call a missed opportunity. And, unfortunately, the  new axis of evil--they are watching, and I think they like what they  see. I think they like it. I think they like it when we don't appear to  be focused, when we don't appear to take the steps to challenge them  across the board. We are running out of time to truly unravel ourselves  from the influence of the Chinese Communist Party.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until July  28, 2022: Alex Vogel and Katelyn Wall.   