 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 7666, the Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act. I  am honored to have my bill, H.R. 721, the Mental Health Services for  Students Act, included in this package. Today is a historic day in  recognizing the need for more comprehensive school-based mental health  resources.   The COVID-19 pandemic has upended the lives of our nation's children  and youth and added additional stressors that have significantly  strained and continues to strain their mental health and well-being.  Children and youth across the nation continue to confront the traumatic  challenges of this pandemic, including disruptions to their lives, fear  and anxiety about the virus, and the tragic death of loved ones.  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC),  mental health disorders are chronic conditions that, without proper  diagnosis and treatment, can lead to problems for children at home and  in school, interfering with their health and future development.   H.R. 721 acknowledges this problem by providing $130 million in  competitive grants for school-based mental health programs nationwide.  It expands the scope of the Project AWARE program by providing onsite  licensed mental health professionals in schools across the country.   H.R. 721 is based on the successful Youth Suicide Prevention Program  that I helped establish with Pacific Clinics in Los Angeles County in  2001, after learning 1 in 3 Latina adolescents, age 9 to 11, had  contemplated suicide. We need to secure the long-term availability of  mental health services to ensure a bright future for our students,  which my bill would help accomplish.   I would like to thank the many advocates in and outside of Congress  who have played an integral role in this legislation. H.R. 721 has 86  bipartisan co-sponsors and has the support of over 50 mental health  organizations, as well as local governments and teacher unions. I would  also like to thank my co-lead Rep. John Katko, Chairman Pallone and his  staff, and my own staff who contributed toward today's passage.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the underlying bill,  H.R. 7666, which will help address our ongoing mental health crisis. it  is now time to act on this bill and provide the necessary funding and  resources to reach children and youth early on in life.   