 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as we commemorate June as Caribbean American Heritage  Month, I am proud to stand with our Special Order champion,  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who herself is a woman of Caribbean  heritage. She is from the great State of Texas, and her parents were  immigrants from Jamaica. So I thank Congresswoman Jackson Lee again for  leading our power, our message, and also I thank her for acknowledging  the great honor I received last week.   But, Mr. Speaker, the Congresswoman did not tell you that she too was  on that same program as we commemorated and celebrated Juneteenth. She  had the distinct honor to present an award to an icon, Maxwell, who is  so great he only needs one name. To see her walk across that stage  along with another one of our colleagues, Congresswoman Frederica  Wilson, made me proud to share the stage with her, our other  colleagues, and so many icons who have fought for justice. That ties  into what we are talking about today. You will hear many of our members  come and talk about the beauty of diversity, culture, and their  heritage.   I also want to take a moment to celebrate the dedication and all of  the work of Congresswoman Barbara Lee who led the effort to designate  the month of June as Caribbean American Heritage Month. You will hear  from her today, Mr. Speaker.   Congresswoman Barbara Lee is always out in the forefront when we are  talking about fighting for justice or when we are talking about making  sure that we educate our constituency, and, yes, America, on any topic,  but tonight this is a topic she knows all so well.   You see, Mr. Speaker, when I think about Congresswoman Shirley  Chisholm in Congress and Members like vice-chair of the Congressional  Black Caucus   Steven Horsford, Congresswoman Yvette Clarke,  Congressman Anthony Brown, Delegate Stacey Plaskett, Congressman G. K.  Butterfield, Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick, and so many  others, it is a rollcall of our Members of Caribbean heritage.   So when we think of this great legacy that we are leaving, Caribbean  heritage is one of the most resilient and excellent, and it is full of  the tenacity of the people who come to this Congress to be the voice  for the people whom they know need us most.   The Congressional Black Caucus has been a longtime fighter for the  protection of immigrants of color and for the rights of people of  Caribbean descent, such as the Haitian Family Reunification Parole, or  better known as HFRP program, which allows eligible United States  citizens and lawful permanent residents to apply for parole for their  family members in Haiti.  [[Page H5727]]    Just think about this, Mr. Speaker, think about this: Some 50 years  ago, one woman and 12 men, the founders of the Congressional Black  Caucus, one woman making history, the same woman who ran for President  of these United States, Shirley Chisholm. So from Shirley Chisholm to-- think about it--today in modern times Delegate Stacey Plaskett to  chairwoman of the CBC's Task Force on Immigration, and the only Black  woman in the New York congressional delegation, Congresswoman Yvette  Clarke, the contributions of Caribbean-American heritage to this  democracy is alive and well, Mr. Speaker.   I would like to also take a moment to commemorate the decades of work  that a Dr. Claire Nelson has displayed on behalf of the Caribbean  diaspora. Dr. Nelson is the founder and president of the Institute of  Caribbean Studies, ICS, the Nation's leading Caribbean-American  advocacy group and a good friend to the Congressional Black Caucus and  our dear friend, Congresswoman Barbara Lee. She fearlessly led the  advocacy efforts that accompany Congresswoman Barbara Lee's legislation  that was signed into law that we are celebrating tonight. I thank  Congresswoman Barbara Lee. I remember when she came to us in the  Congressional Black Caucus meeting and said: We want to make this  happen.   So tonight we made it happen.   I thank the gentlewoman, and I thank all of our other Members for  being here tonight.   