 Mr. President, I rise today in honor of Women's  History Month to recognize the extraordinary achievements of past  generations of women and to pay tribute to the vital role they have  played in the political, economic, and social development of this  Nation.   Women's History Month provides a special opportunity to reflect upon  the numerous contributions made by women who touch all aspects of our  society--from government, to business, the arts and sciences, the  military, and much more. I look upon the courage our predecessors  displayed with great admiration, and I continue to be inspired by those  who blazed the trail for women like me.   I am reminded of how incredibly proud I was to see the Smithsonian  Women's History Museum Act, which I coled with Senator Susan Collins,  enacted in December 2020. This law establishes a long-overdue,  permanent museum to collect, study, and create programs that celebrate  the contributions and experiences of women. The Women's History Museum  will be established on or near the National Mall, and I look forward to  hearing about the site when it is announced later this year.   However, it is with sadness that the past year brought with it the  loss of a number of pioneering women, including the First Lady of  Television Betty White; Sarah Weddington, who represented ``Jane Roe''  in the landmark Roe v. Wade case; authors bell hooks, Beverly Clearly,  and Joan Didion; and  [[Page S1014]]  Motown vocalists Mary Wilson and Wanda Young. Although these icons are  no longer with us, their contributions will live on, and their  accomplishments have shattered glass ceilings for future generations of  women. May we honor their work and memory with a commitment to empower  and support future women leaders.   But the future is bright. In the 117th Congress, we have reached a  new high-water mark for women in politics, as more women are now  serving in elected office than ever before. There are now 148 women  serving in Congress: 124 women in the House of Representatives and 24  women in the U.S. Senate. Just last year, the Senate confirmed Janet  Yellen to be the first female Treasury Secretary. Just recently,  President Biden nominated Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to be the  Nation's first Black woman as a Supreme Court Justice.   These are exciting times for women indeed, and much progress has been  made. Yet we still have a lot of work cut out for us. We must come  together to address the ongoing pandemic, which has had devastating  consequences for the health of our country and economy. The pandemic  has also uniquely harmed women and girls--especially women of color. A  disproportionate number of women have lost their jobs as a result of  the pandemic and are often unable to maintain work commitments with  children learning from home while schools are closed. This unequal harm  endured by women during the pandemic reminds us that the march toward  equality is yet to be done. We must continue our work to ensure  fairness and equity for women everywhere.   As we convene to celebrate Women's History Month, I ask my colleagues  to celebrate with me how far we have come and to continue the fight for  the progress of all women--especially those who are struggling during  these trying times.   