 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   We are all inspired by the people of Ukraine and the leadership of  President Zelensky and Mayor Klitschko.   Today, Christian Ukrainians asked for Christians around the world to  join in praying, specifically, Psalm 31. So please join me.   O Lord, we come to You for protection. Don't let us be disgraced.  Save us, for You do what is right.   Turn Your ear to listen to us. Rescue us. Be our rock, our  protection, our fortress, where we will be safe.   For the honor of Your name, lead us out of this danger. Pull us from  the traps of our enemies, for we find protection in You alone.   We entrust our spirit into Your hand. Rescue us, Lord, for You are a  faithful God.   We will be glad and rejoice in Your unfailing love. You have seen our  troubles and You care about the anguish of our souls.   Have mercy on us, Lord, for we are in distress. Tears blur our eyes.  Our body and soul are withering away. We are dying from grief.   We are scorned by our enemies, despised by their neighbors. Even our  friends are afraid to come near. When they see us in the streets, they  will run the other way.   We are being ignored as if we were dead, as if we were a broken pot.   We have heard the many rumors, and they are surrounded by terror.  Their enemies conspire, plotting to take our lives.   But we are trusting You, O Lord, saying You are our God. Our future  is in Your hands. Rescue us from those who hunt us down relentlessly.   Let Your favor shine on Your servants. In Your unfailing love,  rescue. Don't let us be disgraced, O Lord, for we call out to You for  help. Let the wicked be disgraced. Let them lie in silence in the  grave.   Silence their lying lips, those proud and arrogant lips that accuse  the godly.   How great is the goodness You have stored up for those who fear You.  You lavish it on those who come to You for protection, blessing them  before the watching world.   You hide us in the shelter of Your presence, safe from those who  conspire against them. You shelter us in Your presence, far from  accusing tongues.   Praise the Lord, for He has shown us the wonders of His unfailing  love. He has kept us safe when my city was under attack. In panic, we  cried out, ``We are cut off from the Lord,'' but You heard our cry for  mercy and answered our call for help.   Love the Lord, all you godly ones, for the Lord protects those who  are loyal to Him, but He harshly punishes the arrogant.   So be strong and courageous, all you who put your hope in the Lord.   The word of the Lord. Thanks be to God.   Amen.   