 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  bringing us together this evening to honor some of the finest that  serve our communities to protect our communities day in and day out.   And today, I rise with a broken heart to honor two of Washington  State's finest: Pierce County Sheriff's Deputy Dom Calata, and Everett  Police Officer Dan Rocha, both tragically shot and killed in the line  of duty, protecting and serving the communities that they called home.   For years, these 2 men, like so many others, put on the uniform each  day, hugged their kids and kissed their wives and went to work to keep  us safe; not knowing if they would ever walk back through the door at  the end of the night.   Deputy Calata and Officer Rocha made the ultimate sacrifice and my  heart breaks for their grieving families and the families of the other  685 officers killed in the line of duty since 2021.   Madam Speaker, we must do better. This is the United States of  America and we cannot allow these assaults on our law enforcement to  continue. We must fund the police and give them the resources they need  to keep us safe, and make sure they make it home safe at the end of the  day.   All around our communities, we see a surge of violent crime. We see  heartbreaking drug abuse, violence in our schools, homelessness; and  law enforcement is fighting an uphill battle, and they are on the front  lines day in and day out. They need our support. Now, more than ever,  we need them to do their jobs to address all of these issues.   The anti-police rhetoric only makes things worse, and it has infected  too many hearts and minds. These individuals are our heroes.   Dom Calata was a hero. Dan Rocha was a hero. Each and every selfless  man and woman in blue who gave their last breath in service to our  community was a hero. And today, their families are without them. We  must never forget their sacrifice and always back the blue.   I am encouraged tonight so many of my colleagues are joining together  as Americans to recognize the fallen, and to remember them for who they  are, heroes.   My heart goes out to those who are grieving this tragic loss, and I  pray that God keeps watch over all those still serving.   