 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Ukraine  Democracy Defense Lend-Lease Act.   Bureaucracy, as we all know, is an enemy in any crisis, so  streamlining processes and improving speed and agility are extremely  important.   I just recently went to Ukraine twice, and I want to share with you  the brutality of this war, the atrocities that happened to the civilian  population. It is very difficult to express in words. It is very  disturbing.   The strength and resiliency of the Ukraine people and their optimism  are very inspiring to me as an American and inspiring to a lot of  people around the world.   I talked to one of the American reporter journalists, and he said: I  have been reporting here for a while, and I can tell you, Ukrainians  don't even realize how much they are like Americans.   I talked to one Ukrainian servicemember, who actually grew up in the  Kharkiv area close to the Russian border, and he told me: You know  what? I always thought that we would become brothers and sisters, but  to tell you the truth, we are not brothers anymore. This is a different  people. I look at them, and we are West, and they are East. They are  barbaric and lost in the last century or before.   I think it is very important for us to make sure that we support the  Ukrainian people in this war and fight for freedom to bring stability  and international order back to try to defend this fight for freedom  and defend Europe and all of us from further escalation of this  conflict.   I think it is also important for us to add some oversight and make  sure that we do have military to share to make sure that these  processes do work. I truly believe this collaboration of our great  United States of America and our great American people with the  strength and resiliency of the Ukrainian people will bring victory and  peace back.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and  I thank the bipartisan collaboration on these issues and support of  this Congress and this body. It is very important for us to be strong  and stand together because this is a national security issue that we  need to have resolved. I truly believe our country, the greatest  country in the world, is an inspiration for a lot of people, and we are  going to defeat the enemies of freedom and democracy around the world.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   