 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume, and I thank my colleague from New York for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes.   We are here today to discuss H.R. 4445. Sexual harassment and sexual  assault are despicable actions. Victims of sexual harassment and  assault must have their claims heard, and they should not be silenced  or intimidated into silence.   The Judiciary Committee heard important testimony from victims of  sexual harassment and assault. It took real courage for those victims  to tell their stories to us. What those women, and many more women  around the country, have had to face is terrible, and sexual harassment  should not be tolerated.   H.R. 4445 would not make victims better off. And no matter how well- intentioned the bill may be, it raises real policy concerns.   The committee received testimony from experts explaining the bill's  [[Page H986]]  flaws. For example, this bill's supporters seem to assume that all  arbitration is secret, that arbitration automatically keeps victims  from going to the authorities or publicizing their experiences.   That is not accurate. Arbitration is not intrinsically secret or  otherwise confidential. Put simply, agreeing to resolve a case outside  of court is different than agreeing to silence.   That distinction matters today because much of the argument for this  bill comes from concerns about secrecy rather than whether justice can  be served in the arbitration context.   Despite that emphasis, H.R. 4445 does not actually address  confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements. Even if this bill is  enacted, it is still possible that separate contract provisions could  be used to impose confidentiality or keep details about an employer  under wraps.   But in all likelihood, this bill would effectively end most  arbitration in these contexts, even when arbitration would benefit a  victim, because the bill fundamentally changes an arbitration clause  from a mutual commitment to use an alternative dispute resolution into  a one-sided election for an injured party.   If H.R. 4445 becomes law, contracts will be far less likely to  include the option to arbitrate. If parties cannot agree in advance to  arbitrate, the plaintiffs may never have access to arbitration. These  unintended consequences will have real-world implications, especially  for victims who lack deep pockets or do not have the possibility for a  high-dollar settlement that some high-profile cases can obtain.   Lawsuits are often long and expensive, and big corporations have more  resources to litigate than most victims. Litigation can be harrowing  for victims who, in traditional litigation, must submit to rigorous  discovery, depositions, or perhaps even the challenges of a public  trial. And it may even be harder for victims to tell their stories in  litigation and get justice, given the rules of evidence that may apply.   Democrats cast aside these concerns, and they ignore how arbitration  is generally a good way to resolve disputes.   Why are some in Congress so intent on taking this legislation forward  today? For years, Democrats have tried to gut arbitration agreements  for all kinds of different claims and plaintiffs. If Democrats had  their way, everyone--from consumers to civil rights plaintiffs, to  those with antitrust claims, to individuals using financial service  products, and others--would not be able to contract in advance to  resolve disputes through arbitration. Instead, they would be forced  into the courts.   Congress should stand ready to improve the legal system, but we must  make sure that whatever Congress does will actually be an improvement.  What we have before us today is Congress changing existing and agreed- to contracts.   I have real concerns about government retroactively nullifying  existing contractual agreements, no matter how well-intentioned it is.   I urge you all to carefully consider the ramifications of H.R. 4445.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Griffith).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Gaetz).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Colorado (Mr. Buck).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman  from Ohio.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, we must consider the unintended consequences of H.R.  4445. This bill has good intentions. We all want to help victims of  sexual harassment, but this bill is not going to accomplish that. There  are many policy concerns in this piece of legislation.   I want to say again: What we have before us today is that Congress is  changing existing and agreed-to contracts. I have real concerns about  government retroactively nullifying existing contractual agreements.   If H.R. 4445 becomes law, contracts will be far less likely to  include any option to arbitrate. This is a concern for victims who do  not have the resources to pursue high-dollar settlements. We must also  keep in mind that sometimes arbitration is the best way to solve  disputes.  [[Page H991]]    Arbitration does not void an individual's constitutional rights under  the Seventh Amendment. This is just one of the many, many aspects of  this bill that needs to be reconsidered before we can confidently move  forward.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to  do the same until we address the concerns surrounding this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   