 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Representative from Colorado  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Today, we are here to consider House Resolution 1017, a rule  providing for consideration of H.R. 6833 and H.R. 3617. This rule makes  in order no Republican amendments, completely ignoring the flaws of  each underlying bill and the thoughtful concerns raised by my  colleagues. Not only do my colleagues not want to debate these issues,  but they also don't appear to even want to acknowledge them.   First, I want to address H.R. 6833, the Affordable Insulin Now Act,  which would require health insurers to cover selected insulin products  without applying any deductible or imposing any cost-sharing in excess  of $35.   This bill is just a partisan exercise that will only reshuffle the  decks for how patients pay for insulin. It is not a serious attempt to  address rising prices. The price controls in this legislation would be  an expansive intervention into the free market and will most likely  lead to an increase in premiums for everyone.   Let's not forget, one of the reasons drug prices are rising is  because of Washington and the majority's runaway spending leading to  the greatest deficits in American history. Instead of admitting that  their wildly expensive spending bills have caused inflation, my  colleagues claim that companies have suddenly decided now is the time  to raise prices arbitrarily.   Congress cannot keep dumping money into the economy and then blaming  American companies for the problems it creates. We need to be focusing  on getting our debt under control and stop the war on American industry  so that we can reduce prices not just on drugs but on everything.   Furthermore, addressing only insulin establishes a problematic  precedent and fails to take into account the high prices associated  with countless other necessary drugs, like those for cancer, heart  disease, and a slew of other conditions.   A sincere attempt by Congress to solve this problem would be to focus  on ways to reduce pricing through market-based forces. For example,  Republicans on the Energy and Commerce Committee have offered several  proposals which would improve price transparency so that Americans  could see the real cost of their drugs and make choices accordingly.   Instead of working with Republicans to advance these solutions, the  majority has yet again elected a go-it-alone approach that has yet to  achieve any results for the American people.   Next is H.R. 3617, the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and  Expungement Act, a broad bill that would remove pot from the list of  scheduled substances under the Controlled Substances Act and eliminate  criminal penalties for individuals who manufacture, distribute, or  possess marijuana. This rule makes no Republican amendments in order,  which is proof that the Democrats just want to push this bill as a  messaging bill.   That said, there are several concerns with this bill. First, it fails  to set any standards to prevent marijuana use by those most vulnerable  to abuse: minors. In fact, back in September, when Mr. Fitzgerald  offered an amendment to alter the definition of the term ``minor'' to  align with other provisions of U.S. Code, the majority voted against  it.   Without this amendment, crucial protections for our youth are left  out of this bill. In committee, I even offered a motion to consider an  amendment that would maintain existing penalties for selling pot to  minors. It was defeated along party lines, a stunning position for  Democrats to take.   But not only does this bill legalize pot; it creates a new government  program to assist people in opening pot stores. Let me repeat that:  This bill creates a government program to help people open pot stores.   This bill also ignores the issue of driving under the influence, even  though driving under the influence of marijuana can have deadly  consequences, something law enforcement officers across America have  warned about.   Additionally, what happens if an illegal immigrant is arrested for  driving under the influence of marijuana? This is not addressed.   Republicans on the committee sought to ensure that this bill would  not impede the deportation of illegal immigrants who have been arrested  for driving under the influence. That was also rejected along party  lines.   There are so many issues our constituents are facing today. Yet, we  are here, spending time considering legislation to legalize pot that is  not only flawed, but it is also dangerous.   We could be working on lowering gas prices, tackling the snowballing  Federal debt, or addressing the inflation affecting every American  today. But instead, I guess the majority wants us to get as high as  today's gas prices and spend tax dollars on pot stores.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bill. I ask Members  to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to provide for consideration of Congresswoman  McMorris Rodgers and Congressman Westerman's American Energy  Independence from Russia Act.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, while the majority is continuing to  prioritize things like legalizing marijuana, constituents in my  district continue to send me photos of their energy bills and the  prices they are paying at the gas pumps.   Since President Biden took office, gasoline prices are up by more  than 50 percent, natural gas is up more than 25 percent, and diesel  fuel is up more than 47 percent. These price increases are on top of  crippling, record-high inflation that is a tax on the American people  of every stripe, class, and creed.   When adjusted for these factors, wages and salaries are below  prepandemic levels. My constituents are pleading with Congress to focus  on this issue and are being ignored by the out-of-touch majority.   Mr. Speaker, to speak further on the previous question, I yield 3  minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Mr. Speaker, I join the gentleman from Massachusetts  and the entire body in congratulating Ms. Fields on her retirement and  thank her for her service.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Joyce).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Utah (Mr. Moore).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Mr. Speaker, the American people should be asking-- no, they should be demanding--that this body address energy  independence. But the majority refuses to hear or even discuss the  Republican solution that we have been talking about. Instead, we do  have before us today a bill to legalize pot.  [[Page H4030]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Tiffany).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Stauber).    No, I do not, and I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to be disappointed in the priorities of my  colleagues. They have chosen to spend precious time that could be spent  addressing the national debt, inflation, gas prices, or any number of  serious issues facing Americans today. Instead, they chose to talk  about legalizing marijuana and spending tax dollars on pot stores-- which does not take into consideration important elements like how to  protect minors or how to address laws surrounding driving under the  influence--and an insincere attempt to address the rising cost of  insulin.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bills, I ask  Members to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   