 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, when Tennesseans go to the polls and  cast their vote, they do so with the hope that the person whose name  appears on their ballot will do what is best for their community. They  expect that person to show respect for the Constitution and the rule of  law and to protect the integrity of our most important institutions.   The people place a great deal of trust in us, and I don't think it is  too much to ask that we return the favor by recognizing that there are  limits to how far the Federal Government can expand its reach. Many of  my Democratic colleagues, however, would disagree with me on that  premise. They returned to Washington this week ready to squander the  people's trust on yet another power grab.   The election bill they are prepared to break the Senate rules to pass  has failed multiple times, under multiple titles, and in different  packaging. This has gone on for the last 20 years. But this latest  round has one thing in common with all the other drafts that found  their rightful place in the trash can: It has nothing to do with  protecting the ballot box.   This is not a voting rights bill; it is a sweeping takeover of our  democracy and a shocking attack on the constitutional authority of the  States to determine the time, place, and manner of elections. That is  right. This is not in statute; it is article I, section 4 of the  Constitution.   I have said it before. I will say it again. These proposals read like  something concocted by someone who has never stepped foot behind the  scenes of their local polling place. It is concocted by people who  probably have never spent 10 minutes as a poll worker carrying out and  implementing an election, and they absolutely have never served a term  on a local election commission.   It seems that our friends across the aisle are looking at all of  these local elected and appointed officials who work elections and are  saying: We think that you just are incapable and inept to carry out an  election.   How disrespectful can you be?   The Federal Government has got to come in and save the day and take  away the ability of your local elections registrar to carry forward an  election.   I hope my colleagues will think about the message that they are  sending because there is nothing in these proposals that would help  your State and local leaders secure elections, and, in fact, many  provisions would actually weaken the checks already in place against  voter fraud.   This is the opposite of how it should be. It should be easy to vote  and hard to cheat, not the other way around. And the people of this  country and elected leaders have been saying no to the Federal takeover  of elections for the past 20 years. But here we are again having to  once again stand up against this desperate attempt to undermine voters  and empower cheats and criminals by mandating ballot harvesting while  rejecting voter ID requirements. That is in their bill--got to do it,  got to allow ballot harvesting. That is where shenanigans happen.   We can't have voter ID requirements--no, no, no. We don't want  anybody at the ballot box having to prove who they are. But be ready to  show that ID if you want to get on a plane, if you want to get in a  government building, if you want to go buy a bottle of wine. Be ready  to show that ID, prove your age, and prove who you are.   Their bill would also centralize power over elections in the hands of  faceless, unaccountable bureaucrats--that is right--not your friends  and neighbors working the polls and making decisions and serving on  local election commissions. You will never know the people who say,  ``Hey, you are too stupid to figure out how to run these elections,''  because the Democrats are going to take all the power and authority  away from your local friends and neighbors and send it to bureaucrats  here in DC.   And they would embrace a one-size-fits-all rule book that any  seasoned election worker knows will throw polling places into chaos.   In my home county in Tennessee, we have people who have worked these  polls for years. They are dedicated. They are good people. I don't know  their political party. I just know that they show up to make certain  that our elections are free and fair, and I appreciate them.   Since the first iteration of this bill reared its head, the American  people have seen it for what it is: an activist-driven, power-hungry  solution in search of problems that do not exist. That is right; the  problems don't exist.   The Democrats want you to believe that America as we know it will end  if they don't pass this bill. They are acting like elections are in  crisis. But do you know what? I think maybe it is the Democratic Party  that is in crisis. They are staring at decades-high inflation, crime  spikes, cascading public health failures, a southern border on the  verge of collapse, embarrassing approval ratings, infighting so intense  that watching the nightly news feels like you are watching a soap  opera.   They can't get their arms around COVID. They can't figure it out. I  just heard coming over here that the CDC is now going to mandate that  insurance companies have to supply home testing kits for all of their  enrollees. I mean, yeah, I think it is a party in crisis. And do you  know what? The Democrats right now, they are desperate for a  distraction. Oh, just give them something to change the narrative. And  the benefit of this one, if they could pull this off, is that they  won't have to worry about the American people holding them accountable  for the fallout because they now will control the ballot process; they  will control the election commissions.   And do you know what they are saying to the American public? Your  vote doesn't count.   We have treasured one person, one vote. We have treasured fair, free,  honest elections. And the Democrats are ready to throw it away for a  power grab that is unprecedented and is incredibly disrespectful of the  men and women in each of our counties who give of their time and work  to hold these elections.   This is more than just another example of partisanship holding the  Senate  [[Page S113]]  hostage. And it is partisanship. It is ``We have to do this, take away  power from the people.''   Oh, isn't it supposed to be a government of the people, by the  people, and for the people? But, oh, I think my colleagues across the  aisle have forgotten that. They think it is government for the  powerful, government that is in control of one party and one party's  agenda. That is what they are thinking.   This attack on the integrity of our elections is a complete betrayal  of the trust that the people have given elected officials because we  have colleagues across the aisle who are basically looking at their  constituents in their various States and saying: Your opinion does not  count.   Think about that.   You are not good enough. You are not smart enough. You can't handle  it. So, hey--Federal Government--we are going to come and save you from  yourselves. That is what they think.   It is their constitutional prerogative to determine the time, place,  and manner of their own elections. That is what is given to the State  legislatures. It is their prerogative, and it is not the job of  Congress or the President or a battalion of unelected, faceless,  nameless, unaccountable bureaucrats to burn down the goalposts when  things at the ballot box don't go their way. But that is exactly what  the Democratic Party is trying to do this week.   So you never will be able to complain to them. They want to hold all  the cards. The purpose of this latest power grab isn't to make the  people feel secure. Its purpose is to inject hysteria into what should  be a very serious conversation about actually protecting the vote.   Everything the people hear from the Democrats this week will have  been scripted to minimize truth and maximize chaos. Remember, they want  you to believe that elections are in crisis.   ``We have to fix it.''   But, fortunately, Tennesseans and the American people know better  than to believe what they are hearing on the nightly news and to  believe what is coming from the Democratic Party. They also know there  is only one reason a political party would work this hard to make  elections easier for them to manipulate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   