 Madam President, I rise today in support of the  nomination of Judge Salvador Mendoza, from my home State of Washington,  to serve on the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.   I was honored to recommend Judge Mendoza for this seat to President  Biden and to introduce him before the Senate Judiciary Committee in  May.   I was thrilled to see him advance out of the committee in a  bipartisan vote, and I couldn't be happier to support him today and to  strongly urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for his  confirmation to the bench.   Judge Mendoza is a lifelong Washington State resident and a  tremendously qualified candidate to join the Ninth Circuit Court. He  has served as a district court judge for the Eastern District of  Washington since 2014, when he was confirmed by the Senate with an  overwhelming, bipartisan majority of 92-4.   In his time on the bench in the Eastern District, he has presided  over nearly 1,500 cases--including appellate cases--where he treated  every party who came before him with fairness and respect.   And before that, he served Washington State as a Superior Court  Judge.   He also has experience as a prosecutor, in the State attorney  general's office, and as a solo practitioner, where he often  represented defendants who could not afford their own attorneys.   He also worked to establish the first drug court in Benton and  Franklin counties, along with prosecutors, defense attorneys, mental  health professionals, and other judges.   From representing those without means, to establishing drug courts,  to serving with distinction on the Eastern District Court, Judge  Mendoza has been a trailblazer, focused on building a more fair and  just legal system that works for everyone--not just the wealthy and  well-off.   Judge Mendoza's many years of public service and even-handed  application of the law have earned him not only the support of people  across the State of Washington, but also the respect of both Democrats  and Republicans.   It is why my bipartisan judicial merit selection committee, which  includes top Republican lawyers, recommended him to serve in his  current district court judgeship 8 years ago and why he was confirmed  to that judgeship in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote. And that should  be no different today.   Beyond just his impeccable professional qualifications, Judge Mendoza  will bring an important perspective to one of the most consequential  appellate courts in this country: the perspective of someone whose  parents immigrated to the U.S. from Mexico and worked as farm laborers,  maids, and factory workers to build a better life for their family; the  perspective of someone who, as a child, worked beside them on farms in  the Yakima Valley; the perspective of someone who was the first Latino  Federal judge in the Eastern District of Washington and who would break  new ground once again as the first Latino from Washington State to  serve on the Ninth Circuit.   Confirming Judge Mendoza will bring us even closer to building a  Federal bench that reflects the diversity of the people it serves. That  is especially important to me and to the many people across the country  who don't currently see themselves represented on our Nation's courts.   I have no doubt--and based on his record, I think there can be no  doubt that serving on the Ninth Circuit, Judge Mendoza will carefully  review each case as an appellate judge, respect every party that  appears before him, and protect the rights of the American people.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting his  confirmation.   