 Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak in  opposition to S. 3436, which is the Nord Stream 2's sanctions bill  sponsored by Senator Cruz.   I certainly share the concerns that have been expressed just a few  minutes ago by Senator McConnell about the threat that Russia poses to  Ukraine and to Eastern Europe and the role that Nord Stream 2 plays in  that critical issue.   I have been a strong and longstanding opponent of Nord Stream 2. I  believe now what I believed at the time that I originally cosponsored  the Nord Stream 2 sanctions bill with Senator Cruz; that the Nord  Stream 2 Pipeline is a long-term threat to the energy security of  Europe.   But right now we are in a different place on this, and while Senator  Cruz and I worked together on sanctions legislation to stop this  pipeline, my disagreement now with Senator Cruz is in his approach to  what we need to do to address what is right now a much more serious  threat to Europe, to NATO, to the transatlantic alliance, and that is  Russia's threat against Ukraine.   And what Senator Cruz's bill would do is not stop Nord Stream 2; it  would undermine the current diplomatic situation that is absolutely  critical if we are going to respond to the Russian threat.   His bill is a vote--supporting his bill would be a vote to compromise  the transatlantic community. It is a vote that breaks the message of  bipartisan support in the face of Russian aggression and, furthermore,  not just bipartisan support but allied support with the United States  and Germany and Western Europe against the threat that Russia poses to  Ukraine and really to Eastern Germany if they take this action.   The dynamics on Nord Stream 2 have changed since Senator Cruz and I  fought for the passage of legislation to prevent the completion of that  pipeline. At the time, we worked together to provide the Trump  administration with critical tools to sanction this pipeline, and we  did that because there were some members of the Trump administration  who came to us and said: We need this legislation because the  administration has not acted.   And the fact is, 95 percent of the construction of the Nord Stream 2  Pipeline was completed during the Trump years. Unfortunately, the Trump  administration, even after we passed that sanctions legislation, sat on  those sanctions.   They waited until literally the last day of the Trump administration  to sanction just one entity, just one entity in 4 years. And so what we  saw is what I just said; that 95 percent of that pipeline was completed  during the Trump years.   Now, we are in a very different situation right now, unfortunately,  because we are in a situation where Russia is threatening Ukraine, and  we need to work closely with our European allies to present a united  front against Russia.   We have strengthened our relationship with our German allies. The  Biden administration has restored a diplomacy-first foreign policy,  which seeks  [[Page S199]]  to advance American policy interests through dialogue and not through  threats.   There is a new German coalition government in place that we are now  engaging with. It is a government that appears to be more skeptical  about the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline. They have paused certification of the  pipeline and stalled its operation until at least later this year, and  the new government has indicated that this pipeline is not just an  economic project.   So it is very clear that the dynamics have changed, and when the  dynamics change on the ground, then our approach and our foreign policy  should reflect those changes. We can't look at this legislation in  isolation.   This legislation that Senator Cruz is proposing that we are going to  be voting on today is coming at a time when the administration is  exhausting every single diplomatic avenue to deter Putin from further  violating Ukraine's territorial integrity.   Russia has amassed over 100,000 troops on Ukraine's border, and, of  course, the next month or so is really going to be critical in changing  Putin's calculation that any invasion would come with a hefty price.   Nord Stream 2 right now presents a potential incentive for Putin to  use against our European partners, but it is also leverage. It is  leverage that the West can use at a pivotal moment as Russia is  thinking about--Vladimir Putin is thinking about what he is going to do  in Ukraine.   So I believe we need to stop this pipeline long term, and there may  be a time in the future when another change in our approach on the  pipeline may be necessary. As we know, that happens with foreign  policy. We don't live in a static world; it is dynamic, and it demands  that we adopt our responses.   I have joined Senator Menendez and 38 Democrats in introducing the  Defending Ukraine Sovereignty Act of 2022, legislation that does  reflect the reality on the ground, that would impose swift and  crippling sanctions on Russia's economy if Putin decides to invade. It  would provide critical additional military support to our Ukrainian  allies, and it would strengthen support to our Eastern European allies  in the face of Putin's attempt to look backward, not forward.   We are not going to give Vladimir Putin and Russia the ability to  veto who joins NATO. We saw that very clearly at the session yesterday  with Russian and NATO officials. Russia didn't like it because they  didn't get the answer they wanted, which was a veto over who should be  able to join NATO.   We are going to continue to take a strong stand with our allies in  opposition to what Russia is doing, but we can't use yesterday's  solutions to help us solve today's problems. The immediate threat that  we are facing right now is the threat of a Russian invasion of Ukraine,  and we need to do everything possible, work as closely as possible,  show no daylight with our allies in standing up to that threat.  Unfortunately, what Senator Cruz is proposing with the Nord Stream 2  sanctions legislation would do exactly that. It would drive a wedge  between us and our allies, particularly between the United States and  Germany, at a time that we cannot afford it.   So I intend to vote against this legislation and support Senator  Menendez's legislation that will give us the tools we need to continue  to address potential Russian aggression.   I yield the floor and look forward to hearing Senator Murphy's  comments because I know he shares the same concerns that I am  expressing.    Would my colleague yield for a question?    Senator Murphy, I am really pleased--sadly pleased, but  I think it is really appropriate that you brought up the issue about  holding State Department nominees, because one of the things that have  been unfortunate about Senator Cruz's approach to Nord Stream 2 in  recent weeks has not just been his holding up of nominees but has been  his suggestion that the change in response on my part and on others'  who oppose Nord Stream 2 has been partisan.   But, as you point out, during all of the Trump administration,  Senator Cruz did not hold one nominee because of Nord Stream 2. Is that  your understanding?    Well, I think the other important point that we both  made is the fact that what stopped policies and the pipeline when the  first sanctions bill was passed was the threat of sanctions; it wasn't  actually implementing those sanctions. In fact, it was then Russia's  ability to come back in, retrofit ships, and do the work themselves,  Gazprom and Russia. Russian ships did the work themselves, and  throughout the last year of the Trump administration, they refused to  take any action to address that. In fact, I remember being in a  meeting--I can't remember if you were in that meeting or not--with  Senator Cruz and some of our Republican colleagues and a member of the  administration urging us to pass another sanctions bill because the  administration had not acted.   So I think it is really important, as you say, to point out that 95  percent of that pipeline was done under the previous administration  when Senator Cruz and our colleagues who would like to stop the  pipeline had the opportunity to hold up his nominees to raise those  concerns, and that did not happen. That puts us at a disadvantage today  as we look at the threat of Nord Stream. Would you agree with that?    Thank you, Senator Murphy. I couldn't have said  anything better.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   