 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support  three extraordinarily qualified Department of Defense nominees: Melissa  Dalton, to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and  Hemispheric Affairs; Dr. David Honey, to be Deputy Under Secretary of  Defense for Research and Engineering; and Dr. Celeste Wallander, to be  Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs.   These three individuals have been nominated to serve in critical  national security positions, and they are tasked with confronting those  challenges of national security and securing U.S. interests at home and  abroad.   As a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, I attended the  committee nomination hearings for all three nominees, and I came away  convinced that all three were qualified for their positions and  deserving of swift confirmation.   Melissa Dalton previously served as a career civil servant in various  positions at the Department of Defense--for a decade--under both  President Bush and President Obama. So she had bipartisan support,  clearly, in that position. She also was a senior fellow and director at  the Center for Strategic and International Studies.   If confirmed, one of Ms. Dalton's core responsibilities as Assistant  Secretary for Homeland Defense would be overseeing the Department's  ability to operate through impacts to critical infrastructure, an area  in which we have increasingly seen our adversaries are trying to  exploit, particularly through cyber attacks. As Ms. Dalton has said,  the resilience of our capabilities and infrastructure at home  strengthens deterrence of aggression abroad, and DOD must be able to  demonstrate its resilience.   The recent news of increased threats from Russia's cyber attacks,  associated with their unprecedented troop buildup near Ukraine,  underscores the need for this position to be filled as quickly as  possible.   I also want to express my support for Dr. David Honey, who has  dedicated a lifetime of service to the defense of this country. Dr.  Honey has served in various research and development positions at the  Department of Defense, including roles at the Defense Advanced  [[Page S629]]  Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, which is so important to our  innovation. He has also served on the Air Force Scientific Advisory  Board and as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research.   Today, more than ever, we need talented, qualified individuals like  Dr. Honey at the forefront of DOD's innovation and technological  efforts. Seemingly every few weeks we hear in the press about shocking  technological breakthroughs made by the Chinese military that raise  concerns about eroding our technological advantage. Former Vice  Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Hyten, described the  Chinese test of a fractional orbital bombardment system last summer as  ``stunning.''    Our technological advantage has been a foundational part of  deterrence for decades, and if lost it would be enormously  destabilizing for global security. But if we are truly committed to  preserving our defense technological superiority, it is vital that we  confirm Dr. Honey as quickly as possible.   Finally, I want to speak to support Dr. Celeste Wallander, who is the  nominee to serve as Assistant Secretary of Defense for International  Security Affairs. And as part of that role, she is responsible for  defense policy toward Europe, NATO, the Middle East, and Africa--all  places right now which are hotbeds of potential conflict.   In light of the ongoing and unprecedented Russian threat to post-Cold  War European stability and Ukrainian sovereignty, Dr. Wallander's  nomination comes at a particularly critical time. Dr. Wallander has  demonstrated a history of expertise on Russia. As former President of  the U.S.-Russia Foundation, top Russia expert on the National Security  Council, and former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia,  Ukraine, and Eurasia, Dr. Wallander is highly respected on both sides  of the aisle.   With a bipartisan delegation, I traveled to Ukraine several weeks  ago. We met with Ukrainian President Zelenskyy and his national  security team to discuss the Russian threat and how we can do  everything possible to help our Ukrainian friends. You can't turn on  the radio, read a paper, or watch the news at night without seeing the  Russian troops that are massed on Ukraine's border.   The message from the Ukrainians was clear when we met with them. They  see their future in partnership with the West. They share our  democratic values, and the people are proud of their hard-won  independence.   And every step that Putin takes toward escalating the situation at  the border is a step closer to threatening not only Ukraine's future  but the liberal democratic system that he fears and that we all have  benefited from.   I can think of no one more qualified for this position at DOD at this  time of immense instability than Dr. Wallander.   So, for these reasons, I believe we must move to confirm these three  nominees as quickly as possible so they can fulfill the duties of these  crucial positions that are so vital to our national security.   So with that, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of the following nominations en bloc:  Calendar Nos. 476, 692, and 694; that the Senate vote on the  nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague's  grandstanding on Afghanistan when he knows that in the NDAA, we passed  a provision to create a Commission to look at Afghanistan. And I want  those answers just as much as he does. I stood up and said, when the  President announced the withdrawal, that I didn't support that  withdrawal.   But that is beside the point that we are dealing with now because  what we are dealing with now and what my colleague from Missouri is  doing is making us less secure because he is holding nominees--he is  complaining about the problems we have in Russia and Ukraine, and he is  making it worse because he is not willing to allow those nominees who  can help with that problem to go forward.   He is absolutely incorrect about Nord Stream 2. I opposed Nord Stream  2. I authored the legislation with Senator Cruz to sanction Nord Stream  2. For the 4 years that the previous President was in office, they  didn't take any action to sanction Nord Stream 2 until the day Donald  Trump left office.   The fact is, that pipeline is not operating now because it hasn't  been certified, and so Russia is not making any money from the Nord  Stream 2 Pipeline. So he needs to get his facts correct.   He sits on the Armed Services Committee with me, where he has access  to the same information about our pressing national security  challenges. Yet he is holding up these nominees. He is disregarding the  threats that we face because he would rather stand here and grandstand  on Afghanistan. Well, we do need to get answers, and I am willing to  work with him on that, but this is not the way to do it.   So let's remember that Senator Hawley declared China as the biggest  threat to American security, and that is a quote. Yet he is blocking  the confirmation of Dr. Honey, whose job would be to ensure that our  defense research and development efforts are continuing on par with  China's. So if his goal is to ensure that China's  technological capabilities surpass ours, I can think of no better way  to do that than to refuse to confirm Dr. Honey.    On Russia, my colleague has claimed that the Biden administration has  coddled Russia. We heard him say it just now--that they failed to aid  Ukraine. But in a recent op-ed, my colleague made his views clear on  the current Russian-created crisis. In it, he suggests that the United  States is better off closing NATO's doors to Ukraine and stating that  our Nation's history of promoting and defending liberal democratic  values across the globe has been a failure. Well, I am not going to  agree to that.   We have an international order that developed after World War II that  has had as a large part the containment first of the Soviet Union  through NATO and now of Russia. Part of that world order says that a  sovereign nation should be able to help determine their own future.   So I am not going to be part of some agreement that says we are going  to turn our backs on NATO, we are going to turn our backs on Ukraine,  and we are going to say to Russia: You go ahead; you go into Ukraine.   He argues that we should reduce our commitments to places like Europe  because, he claims, Russia poses a greater threat to our European  allies than to the United States. Well, the last time I looked, when  the United States got attacked in 2001--and maybe he doesn't remember  9/11 because he was too young--the countries that came to our aid were  our NATO allies.   So, with all due respect, I find my colleague's assessment both  disturbing and shockingly uninformed. As members of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, my colleague and I have been briefed on the  multitude of evidence of Russia's attempts to subvert democratic  institutions--including right here in the United States, by the way--to  attack our own infrastructure, and to compromise the sovereignty of our  allies around the globe.  [[Page S631]]    In 2018, Russian private military contractor forces even assaulted an  outpost of Americans in Syria. They were forced to defend themselves,  and, of course, they did, and they ultimately routed the Russian force.   So my colleague's stated sentiments do just what Vladimir Putin  wants. He wants to divide the United States from our NATO allies and  other democracies. He wants to diminish U.S. presence in Europe and to  rewrite the European security order in a way that favors his  authoritarian interests. We simply cannot allow that to happen.   I could not disagree with my colleague any more on how he has chosen  to associate himself. Continuing to block qualified leaders such as Dr.  Wallander, Dr. Honey, and Ms. Dalton does not make us stronger, it does  not contribute to productive discourse over our national priorities,  and it doesn't accomplish what he is trying to accomplish.   If what he wants is answers on Afghanistan, then work with us. Let's  work together. Let's make this Commission that we passed in the NDAA-- let's make it work. What he wants casts us an unreliable partner to our  allies, and it forces the Department of Defense to operate with one  hand tied behind their back.   So I am disappointed to hear my colleague--and he talks about regular  order. Well, in the last 24 hours, we have confirmed three nominees by  regular order. We held up the Senate to get cloture votes. Then we  passed Alexandra Baker, the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for  Policy, 75 to 21. We passed Douglas Bush, Assistant Secretary of the  Army, 95 to 2. I don't know if Senator Hawley was one of those two. I  assume he was. We passed Patrick Coffey, general counsel for the Navy,  79 to 17. Then on February 2, by unanimous consent, we passed Gabriel  Camarillo, Under Secretary of the Army, and Andrew Hunter, Assistant  Secretary of the Air Force, by unanimous consent.   So this is not about regular order; this is about trying to use the  Senate process for his own personal ambitions, and that is unfortunate.  It is unfortunate because it doesn't get us the individuals we need to  get confirmed to make government run, and it is unfortunate because it  doesn't accomplish what he says he wants.   So I am disappointed to hear that we are not going to move these  nominees forward, and I hope at some point my colleague will  reconsider.   I yield the floor.   