 Mr. President, our country is still mourning the  tragic shootings in Buffalo and Uvalde in which a total of 31 innocent  people were gunned down by teenagers using weapons of war.   While these terrible events get our attention and have in this case  galvanized the Senate to act, they are only 2 of the 279 shootings that  have taken place this year. So it is good that the Senate is now  considering legislation to address the epidemic of gun violence.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, which we are now considering,  is a good, albeit modest, bill. I am particularly pleased to see that  two issues I have prioritized are addressed in this bill. The first is  grants to State red flag laws, like the law in my home State of  California, which has proven effective at removing guns by people who  have been found by a court to possess a threat, and a provision closing  the boyfriend loophole, which has let too many domestic abusers  continue to possess firearms.   However, while this bill is a step in the right direction, it is far  from the bold action that we need to address mass shootings that occur  on a daily basis. It remains too easy for private citizens to obtain  weapons of war in this country. Sadly, this bill does very little to  address that tragic reality.   Almost 30 years ago, in 1993, I stood on this floor and offered the  amendment to ban the sale and possession of assault weapons. That goal  was simple: Limit access to weapons of war that have no place on our  streets. And guess what? It worked. In the 10 years the assault weapons  ban was law, gun massacres dropped 37 percent. After the ban lapsed in  2004, gun massacres rose by 183 percent. That is a big difference.   Back then, a different shooting was on the minds of Americans: the  101 California Street shooting in my hometown of San Francisco, where a  disturbed man entered a law firm and killed eight people. For many,  this tragedy was a wake-up call that required action. And we did act.    Now, 30 years later, teenagers are able to purchase AR-15s, multiple  high-capacity magazines, and shoot up a grocery store or elementary  school, and we are left mourning the deaths of innocent people and  asking, what is the solution?   I applaud the sponsors of the legislation now before the Senate, but  I have to ask, what will it take for us to hear  [[Page S3113]]  the wake-up call and pass stronger gun legislation? Our Nation, our  children, are under constant attack. Nowhere is safe. There are mass  shootings at schools, at churches, in synagogues, newspaper offices,  stores, movie theaters, on and on. It is simply too easy to get a  weapon designed to kill as many people as possible. Today's legislation  will help, but there is so much more we could and should be doing.   Our gun laws are lax, and they make it too simple for anyone--even  those we know are prone to violence--to obtain a weapon. This is  especially true of teenagers. Even though they can't buy a beer or a  pack of cigarettes, they can buy an AR-15 assault rifle and thousands  of rounds of ammunition once they turn 18 years old. The results are  heartbreaking. In Uvalde, 19 children and 2 teachers were massacred  last month because an 18-year-old was able to buy an assault weapon.  Just 10 days earlier in Buffalo, 10 people were shot to death in a  grocery store because an 18-year-old was able to buy an assault weapon.  The common denominator in so many mass shootings today is assault  weapons.   I understand the Senators who negotiated the bill couldn't reach  agreement on this issue. Consequently, the bill fails to prevent  teenagers--teenagers--from buying assault weapons.   Under current law, a Federal firearms licensee may not sell or  deliver a handgun to a buyer younger than 21; however, this commonsense  protection does not apply to purchases of assault weapons. This  disparity actually costs lives.   It is simple logic: If you can't buy a beer, you shouldn't be able to  buy an assault weapon. If you can't buy a handgun, you shouldn't be  able to buy an AR-15. That is why I introduced, along with 13 of my  colleagues, the Age 21 Act. I have also filed it as an amendment on the  bill before us.   The bill would raise the minimum age to purchase assault weapons and  high-capacity ammunition from 18 to 21. So before you have a powerful  weapon, before you buy big bullets, you have to at least be 21 years  old. I don't think that is too much to ask.   This commonsense reform has public support among both Democrats and  Republicans. A recent POLITICO poll showed that 88 percent of Democrats  and 68 percent of Republicans support requiring people to be 21 or  older to purchase a firearm.   I believe that failing now to act and address the ease with which  teenagers can buy assault weapons is really a grave mistake. And make  no mistake about it, it will cost lives. So now is the time to act.   I urge my colleagues to support the Age 21 Act and pass it before the  next massacre. I hope these words are heard. I hope people understand.  I hope there is no more killing of young people this way.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   