 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, the Senate passed a $1.5  trillion funding bill that the Democratic majority insisted was full of  must-pass, got-to-have-it, can't-live-without-it provisions that the  American people were demanding. Unfortunately, the reality of what made  it into that bill doesn't match the fantasy my Democratic colleagues  conjured up for the cameras.   In reality, this $1.5 trillion package was another spending spree. It  was complete with 4,400 earmarks--4,400 earmarks. Now, these earmarks  don't have any Federal nexus. They are not connected to your military  post or your Federal highway. These are things for shopping centers and  parks and city renovations and--you name it--pet projects. So that is  not government funding; that is a Big Government windfall that the  American people simply can't afford.   As we all know, an inability to pay for these programs has never  stopped this Democratic majority from shoving through their radical and  increasingly destructive agenda. By their own admission, the out-of- control spending habits have contributed to decades-high inflation.  Imagine that.   What we know is that, in Tennessee, I am talking to people every day.  They can't afford food and gas and to pay all of their monthly  expenses, but for some reason, my Democratic colleagues think taxpayers  will be happy to pay for their pet projects back home--all 4,400 of  them. You just can't make this stuff up.   The American people are really confused by this. They are also  completely appalled by Joe Biden's refusal to secure the border, his  refusal to invest in American energy independence, and his willingness  to keep our economy entangled with the Chinese Communist Party. Every  one of these points worries them. Yet what really scares them is the  President's refusal to discuss any of it: Just don't talk about it. It  will go away. Inflation, that is transitory. If gas is too expensive,  go buy yourself an electric vehicle. This is just so disrespectful of  hard-working men and women.    Joe Biden has caused a lot more problems than he solved during the  first year of his Presidency, and his constant pivots away from life- or-death problems have destroyed what little trust the American people  had left in his ability to get the job done.   They like to think that the President cares about what happens to  them--the American people, the citizens--but they haven't seen any  evidence to suggest that he is thinking about them.   Last week, I was up on the Plateau in Tennessee, talking to  Tennesseans about what is going on here in the Senate. Most of what  they tell me boils down to one simple truth: From where they are  sitting and the news they are watching and the papers they are reading,  it is clear that the Democrats have a very aggressive agenda, but they  have no vision for the future of this country. They feel like what the  Democrats want is control over their daily life, not a vision of a  country filled with open doors and opportunity for all. They are not  seeing that out of this agenda.   Why, they ask me, do their elected representatives take such drastic  measures to do things that make their lives harder, that make their  situations worse? They can't figure it out.   Since Joe Biden and the Democrats took control, inflation has  skyrocketed. We have become energy dependent on Russia. We have  abandoned not one, but two embassies. We hightailed it out of there.  Two embassies, cut and run. Our Border Patrol, they are apprehending  known terrorists and MS-13 gang members who are coming into this  country. If they are apprehending them, we are getting some but not  all. And now we are hearing about Russia going out, going to Iran,  saying: Let me have your soldiers for hire; let me have your proxies,  the Wagner Group, which is closely aligned with Vladimir Putin.   And all the time, Tennesseans are saying: Well, what about these  terrorists trying to come over the southern border? Are they  mercenaries? Are they soldiers for hire?   People are raising these issues. And this is all part of what the  Democrats have accomplished this year.   The American people tolerate quite a bit from their government, but  one thing they won't accept is a President who shrugs his shoulders,  runs from the podium, who claims to be a victim of circumstance, who is  weak-kneed and refuses to lead.   Even former Obama White House officials have come forward begging the  Biden administration to stop the spin, face reality, show some  leadership, deal with the situation. This has to be getting  embarrassing, even for them.   The American people have spent the past year watching Joe Biden  abandon the policies that kept the country from collapsing under the  weight of the pandemic. And what has he replaced those policies with?  Mandates, lockdowns that have made the country poorer, increased  regulation that has stopped oil and gas exploration, increased  regulation that is making it tougher on manufacturers, a push for  higher taxes--that is what they are doing. And do you know what? It  makes people less hopeful. It makes people less free. It gives people  fewer options.   See, that is what they are seeing. The Democratic agenda is all about  government control of your life. It is an agenda; it is not a vision  for this country, for our children, for our grandchildren that is  rooted in opportunity for all.   There is only one way to undo this damage and to stop this train that  this administration is pushing as hard as they can toward socialism.  The President needs to stop the spin. He needs to start listening to  what people are saying, people across the country.   Here is the thing: They don't want this President to fail. They don't  want him to fail. They don't want this country to fail, so it means  that the President is going to have to stop bowing to all of this  environmentalism as a religion and climate change as a god. They need  to stop that.   They need to see, yes, we need to have an Operation Warp Speed, to be  energy independent, pull everybody together--Federal Agencies, the  private sector.   We are the United States of America, and if we had the desire, we  could do this. We could be energy independent once again. We could  stand strong. We could stand strong against Russia, against Iran,  against China and the Chinese Communist Party.   What that is going to require is an administration and a Democratic  Party that has a vision for the greatness and goodness of this country.   I think that what we have to do is we have to lead the way in saying  it is time to show respect for the American people, to listen to what  they are telling us, and to make certain that we stand for this  country, standing strong for future generations.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   