 Mr. Speaker, I thank the very distinguished chair of  the Veterans' Affairs Committee, who understands so many of these  issues.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 7903, legislation to designate the  VA clinic in Canton, Michigan, as the Major General Oliver Dillard VA  Outpatient Clinic.   I thank my colleague, Haley Stevens, for her leadership and for  listening to all the veterans and getting this piece of legislation to  the floor today. She has listened to them. We will shortly share this  facility. It will be in my district, but the veterans will live in both  of our districts.   The recent opening of a new community-based outpatient clinic in  Canton reaffirms our commitment to Michigan veterans so that they can  access the care and support that they need closer to home. It will  serve many veterans in southeast Michigan.   This legislation would rename the Canton CBOC in honor of Major  General Oliver W. Dillard, a veteran and a trailblazer who served the  Nation for 34 years.   After being drafted to Germany to serve in World War II, Major  General Dillard went on to be the first Black officer to graduate from  the National War College. Throughout his esteemed career, he earned  nine military awards and two civilian medals.   Major General Dillard retired from military service in 1980 and  resided in Canton, Michigan, until he passed. The veterans themselves  from this community and beyond wanted this center to be named after  him.   I am so proud to have worked on this important bipartisan legislation  with my colleague, Representative Stevens. I urge all of my colleagues  to support it.   My colleague and I were there when it had the soft opening. If you  could have seen his family and his colleagues, the veterans he served  with, with tears in their eyes, you would know why this has meaning.   I thank the Michigan delegation for supporting this effort, and I  thank leadership for advancing this to the floor.   Naming the Canton clinic after Major General Dillard means his story  and life will continue to inspire generations to come.   