 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose the previous  question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 6184, the HALT  Fentanyl Act.   Unless you have been living under a rock, you know that we are in  what many are calling the third wave of the American opioid epidemic  which has taken hundreds of thousands of lives.   In fact, the leading cause of death in America today for folks  between the ages of 18 and 45 is fentanyl. It is not COVID. It is not  climate change. No, it is fentanyl. And we know for a fact that every  single Member of this Chamber represents districts that are being  significantly impacted by the gross influx of narcotics in our  communities.    You know, last March, I stood here on this very floor next to my  husband's SWAT vest as our colleagues on the left worked to defund, and  ultimately did defund our police. I stated then that Members of  Congress should be required to do ride-alongs with local law  enforcement so that they may see firsthand the very dangerous  challenges that our law enforcement officers face on a daily basis. To  date, not a single one has taken me up on that challenge.   However, I have done several ride-alongs, as well as three trips to  the southwest border. Had our Democrat colleagues taken me up on our  ride-along challenge they would have seen firsthand the drugs that are  free-flowing across the southwest border, courtesy of trafficker-in- chief Biden, into our communities.   It is not hard to find examples of this. In fact, here is one from my  own backyard, Marion County, Florida. This brick of fentanyl was found  just last year. Months after this very drug bust, I took my local  sheriffs to the southwest border to see firsthand for themselves the  crisis unfolding there.   It was on this trip that a Homeland Security Investigations agent  took one look at this photo and said, you know, that is a product of a  border cartel: 984 grams of fentanyl--984 grams of fentanyl. That is  enough to kill a half a million people. That is what this brick was  that was found in Marion County, Florida, that came from the border.   So while I am incredibly grateful to our law enforcement officers,  and proud of Sheriff Billy Woods and his entire department in Marion  County for their incredible work on this case, it must be recognized  that no single department can stop the tidal wave of drugs coming  across the border.   It is a fact that we cannot defend our hometowns if we cannot defend  the homeland, and that is why border security is so important.   To my colleagues on the left, you can pretend that there is no crisis  on the border, but we know, and you know that is a lie.   You can look the other way as mothers and fathers and families are  grieving from family members falling victim to the addiction of  fentanyl; many who have succumbed.   You can lie to yourselves, but you can't lie to the American people  any longer.   Today is an opportunity for us all to take a stand against the  horrific opioid epidemic that has gripped our Nation. We have the  opportunity to take a stand for families who have painfully suffered at  the hands of fentanyl's vise grip.   Today is an opportunity to put people above politics. This bill will  make the emergency class-wide scheduling order for fentanyl-related  substances permanent. That is why this is so important. That is why  this is above politics and a political agenda.   I commend the great work that my friend, the gentleman from Virginia,  has done on this important work. And I urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so that we can immediately consider his bill, the  HALT Fentanyl Act.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill  which could be more appropriately named the America concedes act. Heck,  we could go so far as to say that this is the American corruption act.   This bill has nothing to do with countering China or holding them  accountable. It is 2,900--2,900 pages. Have any of my colleagues  supporting this bill actually read the bill? I would venture no. I  would say no, they probably haven't because if they had, they would  know what was in it, and they would recognize that it is selling us out  to China.   I, however, have read this bill. I have spent the last couple of days  poring through the language and have found egregious provision after  egregious provision. And, quite frankly, it is infuriating.   Just one example is the fact that under section 61008, COVID pandemic  measures could be extended until December 31, 2025. What better way to  make Americans dependent upon China for critical supplies like PPE than  to mandate that we get it from them, and make sure that COVID  provisions stay in place?   Another example is the $8 billion, with a B, authorization for the  Green Climate Fund, which was conceived as a tool for incentivizing  developing countries to participate in the Paris climate agreement. In  practice, this  [[Page H820]]  U.N. fund has done nothing more but distort global energy markets, and  even encourages corruption.   I have an amendment to this bill that would strike the funding, and I  urge my colleagues to support that amendment.    However, we know that this is more about politics than it is about  good policy, so I am not particularly optimistic. However, I still  would encourage my colleagues to support that amendment.   Madam Speaker, this bill is misguided. We should stand as Americans  and counter China and its rise. Support true American innovation.   I encourage my colleagues to oppose this bill. It is dangerous and  misguided.   