 Mr. President, over the past week, Americans were  hit once again with a grave inflation report. Worse, the American  people got more evidence of just how out of touch the White House and  congressional Democrats are with the damage inflation is doing to  families across the country.   We were all hoping President Biden's crushing inflation might show  signs of easing and give folks a chance to catch their breath after  months and months of watching their paychecks shrink. That is not what  happened at all. Inflation is up 8.3 percent from a year ago--a  disastrous number.   We are feeling the inflation in every aspect of our lives, from  paying utility bills to gassing up cars, to rent and insurance, and,  especially, to the basics like food. Grocery prices are up 13.5 percent  from this time last year, which is a crushing blow to most Americans  who visit their local store once a week, like I do. Milk is up 17  percent. Bread and chicken are up 16 percent. Eggs are up an outrageous  40 percent. And the list goes on and on.   I do my own shopping for my family, and I see this weekly, and it is  incredible. This is a reality, but President Biden appears to be living  in a very, very different reality. When the latest bad inflation  numbers were released last week, the President and Washington Democrats  threw a party on the White House lawn. That is right, a party--a lawn  party. The President and Democrats celebrated as the rest of us watched  the Dow plummet and received an inflation report confirming that this  is the worst year for food and electricity inflation since the fallout  from President Jimmy Carter.   What exactly did they celebrate? Their latest reckless, Big  Government spending bill.   I don't have to remind you that, just over a year ago, the Democrats  rammed through their $2 trillion spending spree despite economists  warning that it would be a catalyst for rampant inflation. Economists  warned us then, and they are warning us now, about the misnamed  Inflation Reduction Act; namely, that it won't do anything to ease  inflation, but it will certainly add to the deficit.   Apparently, hosting a big party is preferable than heeding these  nonpartisan warnings and getting to work to get our Nation back on the  right track.   When the ``Inflation Act'' was on the floor, Republicans tried  countless times to adopt solutions to tackle inflation, crime, and  secure our border. But our efforts were consistently shut down because  not one Senate Democrat could spare a penny from the Green New Deal.  No, they have their own priorities, and they are awfully out of touch  with the priorities of American families.   On Sunday, we were given more evidence that the President is living  in a completely different world than the rest of us. The President  appeared on ``60 Minutes,'' where he discussed several challenges  currently facing our Nation, only, according to him, our Nation is  doing swell. And indeed, the President seemed to paint a rosy picture  of little to no inflation and suggested we should be relieved by the  new inflation numbers.   When asked what he could do better and faster to help Americans get  some relief at the grocery store checkout line, he claimed inflation  was up ``hardly at all.''   ``Hardly at all''? Say that to parents paying 40 percent more for a  dozen of eggs just to feed their children breakfast. Say that to  workers who are watching their savings dwindle month after month  because their paychecks can't keep up with these prices. Say that to  the Americans who are just barely getting by in this economy.   President Biden, you may not have to visit the grocery store or pay  an electricity bill, but my constituents do.   Time and time again, the President and his allies in Congress have  proven he is out of touch with American priorities and in denial about  the real suffering and fears of the American people. They are right to  question whether they can still afford the leadership they are getting  out of the White House and the Democrat-led Congress.   It is high time for the President and Democrats to align their  priorities with those of the people, allow real solutions to be  considered on the Senate floor, and get out our economy back on its  feet.   I yield the floor.   