 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in  morning business.    Mr. President, every Senator here has a serious  responsibility to make sure that our veterans get the support and help  they are promised after their service to our country, and that includes  making sure that those who have been harmed by toxic exposures during  their service get the service and care they deserve. It seems pretty  simple, but I hope we can hold up our end of the bargain today.   My dad was a World War II veteran--he was a Purple Heart recipient-- and when he got really sick with multiple sclerosis, help from the VA  made a huge difference for my family. So I want to really thank  Senators Tester and Moran for their persistent work on this bill. I am  glad we have come to a bipartisan agreement on the PACT Act because it  does matter, it will help people, and it will save lives.   Right now, the reality is that too many veterans are living with  chronic illness and respiratory diseases as a result of toxic exposures  from their time serving our country in uniform. I have heard countless  stories about the challenges they have faced struggling to get access  to VA care and benefits they have earned, and that is unacceptable.   I believe very strongly that no one who put their life or health on  the line for our Nation should face hurdles getting the care or medical  treatment they need as a result of that sacrifice. When they signed up  to serve, we told them we would have their backs long after their  service, so if we are going to live up to our promise, then we need to  pass comprehensive legislation to ensure all veterans have access to  the VA services they deserve. Simply put, we need to pass this PACT  Act.   With this bill, generations of toxic-exposed veterans would finally  be able to get the high-quality care they need, and the VA will get the  resources needed to process claims efficiently and better serve our  veterans.   I remember, back when I was 22 years old, I interned at the Seattle  veterans hospital. I have visited with and met with VA staff in every  part of Washington State. The doctors, the nurses, and everyone else  working at our VA medical centers really care about this work, they  care about this Nation, and they care about their mission, but they  need us here in Congress to care just as much and fight just as hard  for their patients, our veterans. That is really what this bill is  about.   When VA was considering closing or reducing services in Walla Walla,  I fought back to make sure that our veterans in rural Washington were  able to see a doctor without having to drive 2 hours or longer,  sometimes through a lot of rain and snow.   About 1 in every 10 residents in Washington State is a veteran, and I  am privileged enough to serve on the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee. It is my job to be a voice for Washington State veterans who  are in Seattle or Spokane or Walla Walla or anywhere, and that is a job  I take seriously. That is why I have been continually pressing the VA  Secretary to cut redtape and make sure the VA caregivers program works  for everyone who needs it, the way we wrote it. It is why I introduced  the Helping Heroes Act to get families and kids of disabled veterans  the assistance they need. It is why I will keep doing everything in my  power to hold the VA accountable for its really unacceptable rollout of  the electronic health record system in Washington State.   There is a lot we need to do to really make sure the VA works for  veterans, but passing the PACT Act, getting this done, is an important  and meaningful process.   Washington State veterans deserve the very best the VA has to offer,  and there should be absolutely nothing controversial about making sure  all veterans across all generations who are suffering from chronic  illness get the care they have earned.   I am glad to see we have bipartisan support for this bill. Let's get  it done and to the President's desk.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   