 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Bost for  yielding me time to speak.   I rise today to express my support for S. 2533, the Making Advances  in Mammography and Medical Options for Veterans Act. I am proud to co- lead the House companion of this important legislation with  Congresswoman Brownley. I also thank Senators Tester and Boozman for  their work in passing this bill.   As a doctor and as a 24-year female veteran, I understand just how  significant access to mammogram screenings can be. The VA has estimated  that among the women enrolled in VA healthcare, about 700 female  veterans are diagnosed with breast cancer each year, and the percentage  of female veterans is only going to increase.   This bill will ensure that female veterans have the best access to  high-quality care, especially for female veterans that live in rural  areas who are disabled and who are paralyzed. This bill will also  create a 3-year pilot program to provide telemammography screenings to  female veterans and will upgrade the VA mammography imaging to three- dimensional breast imaging for VA hospitals. In addition, this bill  will expand partnerships for care, research, and clinical trials with  the NIH National Cancer Institute and the DOD.   Today, as a doctor and a former director of public health, I am  proudly voting in support of the bipartisan and bicameral MAMMO for  Veterans Act. This bill will enhance mammography and telemammography  screenings, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of S.  2533, Making Advances in Mammography and Medical Options for Veterans  Act. I look forward to a strong bipartisan vote today and sending this  bill to the President to become law.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Bost for  yielding me time to speak.   I rise today to express my support for S. 2102, the Dr. Kate  Hendricks Thomas SERVICE Act. I was proud to introduce the House  companion of this important bipartisan piece of legislation with  Congresswoman Brownley. I thank Senators Boozman and Wyden for their  work in passing this bill.   The importance of this bill is that the United States Preventative  Health Service indicates mammography at an annual level after age 40,  and our veterans who have risked their lives and their health in  service to our country are exposed to toxins and burn pits and need  treatment and screening to prevent long-term health issues and at an  earlier time period. Female veterans are especially at risk for several  types of cancer, especially breast cancer. Female veterans are at a 20  to 40 percent higher risk of breast cancer, and female veterans who  have been exposed to toxic exposure are at an even higher risk.   As a doctor, I understand just how lifesaving early mammogram  screenings can be. I have always told my patients that early detection  is the key to successfully treating all types of cancer. This bill will  allow for an earlier mammography screening for female veterans who  served in locations with toxic exposure.   This bill is in honor of Dr. and Marine Corps veteran Kate Hendricks  Thomas, who unfortunately passed away in April due to stage IV breast  [[Page H5117]]  cancer. Dr. Thomas advocated for earlier mammography screenings for  female veterans that were exposed to toxic exposure.    The bipartisan and bicameral SERVICE Act will give female veterans  access to more screenings to stay ahead of this terrible disease.  Today, as a 24-year Army veteran, I am proudly voting in support of  this bill to protect and save the lives of our female veterans.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of S. 2102,  the Dr. Kate Hendricks Thomas SERVICE Act. I look forward to a strong  bipartisan vote today and sending this bill to the President to become  law.   