 Madam Speaker, I came here today to speak on behalf of  women and the parents of my district--heck, honestly, I came to speak  on behalf of all Americans who want their kids to be safe and secure in  their schools, and for people to be safe in their communities.   I came here today to say that we all want these things because our  hearts collectively break when any life is lost. We mourn for those  lives lost needlessly.   We need to do better, and we can do better, which is why every single  Member of this Chamber must, without hesitation, denounce, decline,  decide, and oppose against H.R. 7910, the politics over our kids act.   This is common sense. Taking legal firearms out of the hands of law- abiding citizens does nothing but empower criminals.   It is already illegal to commit murder. Has that stopped murder? Has  that stopped violence? No.   Madam Speaker, you said in your opening remarks: ``Protecting our  kids--what could be more important than that?'' You said: ``We are here  for the children.'' You went on to say: ``Everything we do is for the  children,'' and that today's effort to strip our constitutional rights  is a ``crusade for the children.''  [[Page H5384]]    You must have forgotten the nearly 60 million children that have been  murdered through some of the most horrific means during an abortion.  All on your watch.   You invoke JFK, and say: ``Our children are our best resource and our  best hope for the future.''   Is that so?   Why do you deny them their future by killing them in the womb? It  sounds a bit hypocritical, if you ask me.   You also made the statement that the leading cause of death for  children is firearms. Then why does the data refute that? ``NBC News''  reported that motor vehicle deaths of kids from age 1 to 17 continues  to be the number one cause of death.   Spare me, Madam Speaker, that you are here fighting for the children  because your three decades in Congress reflect a record of anything but  a fight for children.   Certainly not the kids being trafficked at the border. Not the kids  being abused. Not the kids fighting for their life in the womb, or the  kids whose future is being stolen by abusive Big Government policies.   If this were about protecting kids, then why does this bill do  nothing to secure or harden our schools? Why were there no bipartisan  efforts as part of this package? Why do these bills do nothing to  address the mental health crisis that we are facing that is driving the  violence? It is not the guns; it is the people.   People who are intent on committing acts of evil and violence will do  so by any means necessary. That is a fact.   While you have conveniently forgotten so much, I certainly do not  want to forget how many victims of domestic violence will be left  without options to protect themselves if this garbage bill becomes law.   The same party screaming to defund our police is the same party  screaming about how you--a law-abiding citizen--should not be able to  defend yourself.   Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that you have clearly  all forgotten your oath. An oath that we took here on this Chamber  floor to uphold and defend the United States Constitution, and the  Second Amendment is part of that.   Madam Speaker, and to all my colleagues, the Constitution is not a la  carte, you can either accept it all or none of it, but you cannot  cherry-pick. If you cannot uphold your oath, then you should resign.    Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been  present, I would have voted ``nay'' on rollcall No. 239.   