 Madam President, it has been nearly 60 years since the  Supreme Court decided Griswold v. Connecticut and affirmed Americans'  right to privacy and, with it, their right to contraception. So you  would think this would be a settled issue, and for the vast majority of  Americans, it is. The right to birth control is overwhelmingly popular.  It turns out that people want to be able to control their own bodies  and make their own decisions about starting a family.   Yet, as we just saw, somehow, in the year 2022, this is not a settled  issue for Republican politicians. We have seen some of my Republican  colleagues not only block this but try to deny reality, try to say this  isn't an issue or claim that Democrats are somehow wasting time.   Well, that is pretty rich because I can't help but remember how we  all heard some Republicans saying the Supreme Court would not overturn  Roe as well, how they tried to claim Democrats were ``overreacting''  even as they stacked our courts with anti-abortion judges and worked  for decades to chip away at abortion rights.   Now we are seeing the nightmare we warned about become reality: women  unable to control their own bodies and get the abortion care they  need--a nightmare Republicans tried to deny and are still trying to  deny even as it happens, even as 10-year-olds are having to travel  across State lines for an abortion after being raped, even as women are  now being left bleeding for days, waiting for treatment for their  miscarriage.   So when Republicans say they support the right to birth control, my  issue isn't simply that I am skeptical; it is that I know better. Let's  be clear. When I say that I know better, I don't just mean in my gut; I  mean I have heard Republicans' own words. I am watching their own  actions.   Justice Thomas said explicitly in his concurring opinion in Dobbs  that he wants the Court to reconsider Griswold, which affirmed the  right to contraception. The senior Senator from Tennessee said the  Griswold decision was unsound. That alone would be scary enough, but  Republicans aren't just talking about undermining access to birth  control, they are already taking action. Read the legislation from  Republicans in Idaho, Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Michigan,  which would, in fact, outlaw Plan B and IUDs. Talk to women who have  already gone to the pharmacy, only to be denied their birth control or  Plan B. Yes, this is already happening to people. Just last week, 195  House Republicans voted against the Right to Contraception Act, and now  today, they have blocked it in the Senate as well.   The evidence of where Republicans actually stand on birth control is  overwhelming. They aren't standing for women. They aren't standing for  families. They aren't standing for a right nearly all Americans  support. They are simply standing in the way.   I want to thank the junior Senator from Massachusetts, the junior  Senator from Illinois, and the junior Senator from Hawaii for their  work with me on the Right to Contraception Act that Republicans just  blocked. I know we are going to all keep working on this.   I do want to set the record straight because so many of the arguments  we have seen from Republicans don't add up. They are trying to distract  from their extreme position. We won't let them.   This bill is incredibly straightforward, so you simply cannot say you  support the right to birth control and then block this bill. I hope  everyone will listen closely because here is what this bill actually  does. It simply codifies Americans' right to birth control into law.  That is it. You don't have to take my word for it; read it yourself--it  is all of 15 pages. It protects a right people depend on and makes sure  no one can take that away. We are talking about a really basic and  really fundamental right here.   Since that right was affirmed half a century ago, generations of  Americans have used contraception to control their own future, to  manage and treat their healthcare needs, and start a family when they  are ready to. For them, it is not political, and it shouldn't be  political here in Congress either, especially when protecting this  right is supported by a majority of Democrats, a majority of  Independents, and, yes, even a clear majority of Republicans.   The American people are watching closely. They were watching  previously when Senate Republicans blocked us from protecting the right  to travel across States to get abortion care. They were watching last  week when Senate Republicans blocked expanding support for our Nation's  longstanding Family Planning Program. They were watching when the vast  majority of Republicans in the House voted against the right to birth  control. And they are watching right now as Republicans block a bill  that preserves the right to use condoms, take the pill, get IUDs, and  buy Plan B, as Republicans refuse to let us protect that right and pass  this bill and continue denying the threats that are already undermining  that right. This is a basic, fundamental right.   Mark my words, the American people will not forget Republicans  blocking us from getting this done.   I yield the floor.   