 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  many consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to H.R.  7077, the Empowering the U.S. Fire Administration Act. This bipartisan  legislation would give the U.S. Fire Administration the authority to  send specialists to assist local firefighter investigators in onsite  investigations of major fires.   According to the National Fire Protection Association, last year had  the highest number of home fire deaths in 14 years. As was mentioned,  families in Representative Torres' district know the devastation of  major fires after suffering through New York City's deadliest fire in  over three decades. This single fire claimed the lives of 17 residents,  including 8 children.   By empowering the U.S. Fire Administration to partner with local fire  departments, we can better determine the root cause of these tragedies  and make sure that they never happen again.   The U.S. Fire Administration is housed within FEMA, and it has  valuable and lifesaving resources on preventing, responding to, and  investigating fires. This bill would ensure that State and local  governments can access their expertise and, hopefully, prevent major  fires in the future.   The bill directs incident investigators to examine the determined  cause and origins of fires. It also requires them to assess broader  systematic matters including use of codes and  [[Page H9653]]  standards, demographics, structural characteristics, smoke and fire  dynamics, costs, and associated injuries and deaths.   Additionally, the bill also requires the U.S. Fire Administration to  issue a report in coordination with Federal, State, and local  authorities on their findings, and to provide recommendations to  Federal, State, and local officials to implement to prevent similar  fires from occurring in the future.   This bill passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support in  May of this year. The Senate amendment added language to ensure that  the U.S. Fire Administration would not affect or diminish the  authorities of other Federal agencies when investigating major fires  and would not grant the administrator authority to investigate a major  fire for the purpose of an enforcement action or criminal prosecution.   This bill incorporates stakeholder and agency feedback and is  endorsed by the Fire Department of New York, the International  Association of Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Fire  Fighters, the National Association of State Fire Marshals, and the  National Fire Protection Association.   I thank Representative Torres for introducing and leading the  original bill, as well as the original cosponsors from our committee:  Representatives Stevens, Meijer, and Gonzalez. I also thank Senator  Peters for his work on the Senate amendment.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, I rise again in support of the Senate amendment to  H.R. 7077, the Empowering the U.S. Fire Administration Act.   As I previously mentioned, the U.S. Fire Administration has valuable  and lifesaving resources in preventing, responding to, and  investigating fires. This amendment would ensure that State and local  governments have access to these resources and that the U.S. Fire  Administration has the authority needed to conduct onsite  investigations of major fires without diminishing the authorities of  other Federal agencies or negatively affecting ongoing or potential  criminal investigations.   We cannot afford to let any more tragic and preventable fires like  the one in Representative Torres' district happen in the future.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I, too, rise in support of the Flood Level  Observation, Operations, and Decision Support, or FLOODS Act, that we  are considering here today.   This legislation establishes and authorizes a number of activities  that will improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's  forecasting and communication of flood, tornado, and hurricane events.   These extreme weather events occur across the country and impact  millions of Americans each year. According to the National Weather  Service, a typical year in the U.S. sees 26,000 thunderstorms, 5,000  floods, 1,300 tornadoes, and 6 Atlantic Basin hurricanes.   My home State of Oklahoma is right in the middle of Tornado Alley. We  are home to 86,000 farms that feed and clothe our State, Nation, and  world. Entire families' livelihoods depend on weather patterns, so it  is especially important that severe weather and excessive flooding is  accurately predicted and quickly communicated.   One of the most important factors in any farmer's operation is  precipitation. It is common sense that too little rain results in a  drought. But people often overlook that too much rain also presents  problems for crop production.   Precisely predicting extreme precipitation that can cause flooding-- whether it is over the course of an entire season or from a single  extreme weather event--helps farmers determine what crops to plant,  where they are planted, and when to harvest.   But Oklahoma isn't the only State subject to the dangers of flooding.  Coastal States face different challenges and have different factors  that can drive their precipitation.   The variability in weather across our country means there are no one- size-fits-all solutions. A mix of Federal and local services is ideal.   That leads to many bodies seeking different data. S. 558 establishes  a National Integrated Flood Information System--purposely modeled after  the National Integrated Drought Information System--to coordinate and  integrate flood research at NOAA.   It also establishes partnerships with institutions of higher  education and Federal agencies to improve total water predictions and  establishes an interagency committee to ensure coordination of Federal  departments with joint or overlapping responsibilities in water  management.   In one of the first Science, Space, and Technology Committee hearings  this Congress, we discussed this bill along with the idea of a Federal  climate service.   I am pleased to see that in the bill before us today, my colleagues  heeded my caution against increasing Federal bureaucracy by  establishing new services. Instead, this legislation focuses on what we  know works: enabling our established agencies to collect and acquire  the data they need to be successful.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues who worked across the aisle to  ensure this bill reached bipartisan, bicameral consensus; I urge the  passage of this bill; and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, the FLOOD Act will be another arrow in the quiver when  it comes to increasing knowledge that will help us adapt to changes in  the environment.   The National Integrated Flood Information System and an interagency  committee created by this legislation are critical to that effort. But  that is just the beginning. The legislation also sets the stage for  weather prediction innovation through things like the National Weather  Service hydraulic research fellowship program, and a directive to make  flood-related data available to the public.   My colleagues and I on the Science Committee had hoped this  legislation would also be accompanied by a House-produced bill called  the PRECIP Act that focuses more directly on precipitation data  improvements. But under good-faith negotiations, we will pass the  FLOODS Act today and see the PRECIP Act moved through another vehicle  by the end of this Congress.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues in this Chamber and across the  Capitol to continue to work with us to see this plan through, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   