 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation,  which would provide critical extensions of existing telehealth  flexibilities that have been in place during the COVID-19 pandemic.   The Advancing Telehealth Beyond COVID-19 Act of 2021, which I co-led  with my colleague, Congresswoman Cheney, will do just that. It will  extend a broad range of telehealth flexibilities that are central to  enabling access to care via telehealth from any location through  December 31, 2024.   This includes allowing any site in the United States, including a  patient's home, to be considered an eligible originating site for the  delivery of telehealth services. It also extends other vital services,  including coverage of certain telehealth services delivered via audio- only format.   Collectively, these changes will build on what has worked during the  pandemic. It will expand access to quality, affordable healthcare  across the country, particularly in rural and underserved communities.   It will also, Madam Speaker, allow those who have been afraid to go  to the doctor, who haven't been able to get in, to be able to consult  with medical professionals as they need it.  [[Page H7191]]    I thank my colleague, Congresswoman Cheney, for partnering with me on  this effort, as well as Chairman Pallone for his thoughtful leadership  and input on the legislation before us today.   It is also important to recognize other leading voices on the  telehealth issue in the Congress, including Congressman   Mike Thompson  for his pioneering efforts on this issue.   This legislation is a bipartisan win for the American people. Madam  Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  6929, the Susan Muffley Act of 2022.   Every worker deserves a secure and dignified retirement. That  shouldn't be negotiable, especially when they were promised a pension  as part of their income and put into it.   This legislation restores the pension benefits of Delphi salaried  retirees that were impacted by the Great Recession, some of whom saw  their pensions cut by as much as 70 percent as a result of the Pension  Benefit Guaranty Corporation's termination of their benefits unfairly.   My State of Michigan was particularly impacted, as I know the State  of Ohio was--it was a good midwest company--by the termination of these  plans, with thousands of retirees losing pension benefits they earned,  they were promised. They deserve the full value of what they earned and  were promised.   These retirees have been fighting for over a decade to receive these  benefits, and it is time to make them whole.   I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this important  bipartisan bill.   I thank my colleague for his leadership. When we are home, we listen  to these people who are just in total tears. They don't know what to  do. And my colleague has never stopped leading the charge for them.   