 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 7667, the Food and Drug Amendments Act.   The Committee on Energy and Commerce plowed the hard ground necessary  to legislate in a strong bipartisan way on this bill. We held three  hearings in the Subcommittee on Health in February and March. In April,  we introduced legislation, and then over the next week, the  subcommittee voted.   H.R. 7667 passed out of Committee on Energy and Commerce by a vote of  55-0, and at each step, members' ideas were included to improve the  legislation.   Today, we consider a suspension print with further improvements. It  adds another provision for more drug manufacturing in America by  providing the regulatory clarity needed  [[Page H5321]]  and the training necessary to utilize novel manufacturing technologies.   Overall, the FDA Act will reauthorize four user fee programs created  to expedite the review of critical medical products that people depend  on to live healthier and longer lives.   In addition to delivering drugs and medical devices to people faster,  the FDA Act includes policies to lower healthcare costs, spur more  lifesaving innovation, secure our supply chains, and provide hope to  patients in need of breakthrough drugs and therapies. Those treatments  won't make it to patients if FDA doesn't have the right tools to keep  up with science, such as accelerated approval pathway.   Chairman Pallone and I initially had quite different versions for how  the accelerated approval process should be updated, but we focused on  where we could agree. We streamlined the process to remove drugs that  no longer show effectiveness in post-market studies and made sure that  real-world evidence can be used. We also made sure rare diseases aren't  left out of accelerated approval because of a lack of knowledge and  interest in developing the biomarkers necessary.   Lastly, not only is this legislation necessary to preserve patient  access to new medical breakthroughs, it is fiscally responsible. It  ensures FDA's timely review of medical products at a reduced cost to  the taxpayer, and it reduces the deficit.   Many other members have priorities included in this legislation.   Mr. Buchanan has a bipartisan bill to make sure that we are moving  away from preclinical testing on animal models where alternatives can  work just as well.   Messrs. Griffith, Carter, and Hudson all have legislation to hold FDA  accountable regarding inspections of foreign manufacturing facilities  and pilots for FDA to give companies with novel manufacturing  technologies more certainty.   Mr. Guthrie has a solution included to help insurers plan for  breakthrough future treatments. This will help patients avoid sticker  shock and protect earlier access to those treatments.   These are just some of more than a dozen examples of member  priorities in the FDA Act. I strongly urge support of this legislation,  and I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, this is for patients and families in every district and  every corner of America who are relying on a generic drug, a medical  device, like a pacemaker, or a novel cancer treatment. Those patients  are relying on Congress to do its job so their drug approval isn't  stalled.   I think about all the advocates, the hundreds of disease and rare  disease groups who come to the people's House to share their stories  with us. They have an extraordinary amount of hope in the promise of  American innovation for new cures and access to treatments.   For them, I am supporting this legislation, and I am committed to  work to get this signed into law on time.   