 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, we have had this debate before many, many  times.   Vaccines are safe; they are effective; and they are lifesaving.  Because of our ability to get safe and effective vaccines out to  Americans, nearly 100 percent of our schools are open again. More than  90 percent of people are in communities with low or medium levels of  COVID, and people are finally getting back to a sense of normal in  their everyday lives. Vaccines have helped to make that happen.   Here we are once again. It is hard to believe this isn't the first or  even the second time that a few Senate Republicans have decided they  want to risk a damaging government shutdown in order to oppose steps  that save lives. I hope, for the sake of the people of this country, it  is the last time this happens.   There are problems real families want us to solve. They want us to  bring down costs with steps like the Democrats have proposed. They want  us to stand up for democracy and the people of Ukraine, who are facing  a war and a humanitarian crisis. They want us to learn from this  pandemic so we are better prepared for whatever is next. I am going to  focus on finding steps that we can actually take to help families, and  I believe that is what most of us want too.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment, which risks  derailing this important bipartisan bill, delaying needed aid to  Ukraine, and causing a dangerous government shutdown.    Madam President, I would like to thank the Senator from  Vermont, who has been such a leader in addressing the substance use  disorder crisis and who I have been proud to work with on this issue.  The Senator is correct. The State Opioid Response funding has been  important to all States, particularly those hardest hit by drug  overdose deaths.    Madam President, I do. Funding cliffs undermine efforts  to address the opioid crisis. Without consistent and reliable funding,  States cannot invest in or maintain programs that will reduce drug  overdose fatalities. Dramatic cuts can lead to the cancellation of  programs, firing of staff, and denial of care.   The Department of Health and Human Services and the Substance Abuse  and Mental Health Services Administration should prevent significant  reductions in a State's SOR allocation in a single year. In other  words, funding should be allocated in a way that does not result in  unusually large funding reductions between years.   