 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Lucas for yielding.   Ranking Member Lucas, I thank you for all of your hard work on this.  I agree with you. The scientific process should be respected and used  to inform and direct policymaking to effectively protect human health  and our environment.   While it may take time to continue to develop the science around many  of the lesser known PFAS compounds, a great deal of science has already  been completed and known for years on the most notorious PFAS  compounds.   With respect to this bill, the PFAS Act would help protect the health  and safety of firefighters, emergency responders, and the communities  they serve from these harmful chemicals by developing guidance--not  bans--for firefighters and other emergency response personnel on  training, education programs, and best practices to protect them from  exposure to harmful PFAS and to prevent its release into the  environment.   Emergency response teams are frequently exposed to harmful PFAS in  firefighting foams and personal protective equipment as they work to  keep their communities safe. It is important that we act on behalf of  our first responders to mitigate their exposure to these harmful PFAS  chemicals and prevent environmental releases while the scientific work  must continue, and we gain a full understanding of the effects of all  PFAS compounds.   Again, I thank Ranking Member Lucas for continuing to work with us on  this important legislation. We wouldn't be here without the gentleman  today. It will make a meaningful difference for long-term first  responders, their families, and the communities they serve.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 231, the  Protecting Firefighters From Adverse Substances Act, or the PFAS Act.   I am proud to stand here today in support of this important  bipartisan legislation to protect our first responders from forever  chemicals, which I am co-leading with my friend and colleague,  Representative Brian Fitzpatrick.   This is a significant bill that has already passed the Senate with  unanimous consent and bipartisan support thanks to the leadership of  Senator Gary Peters.   The PFAS Act would simply direct the U.S. Department of Homeland  Security and other Federal agencies to provide important guidance for  Federal, State, and local firefighters on training and best practices  to reduce, limit, and prevent exposure to PFAS from firefighting foam  and turnout gear, as well as provide resources that identify  alternatives for firefighting tools and equipment that do not contain  harmful PFAS.   Today, by supporting this bill, the House can continue to take bold  action, once again, to address the PFAS crisis--this time to protect  our firefighters.   Forever chemicals are an urgent threat to public health and,  specifically, our firefighters who are on the front line. Emergency  response teams  [[Page H8611]]  are frequently exposed to harmful PFAS in firefighting foams and  personal protective equipment as they work to keep our communities  safe.   These manmade chemicals--but specifically the two most notoriously  harmful chemicals, PFOA and PFOS--are extremely persistent in the  environment, as well, as a result of its use during fire training  exercises and real-world emergency response situations. PFAS chemicals  are persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic. These chemicals have been  linked to harmful human health effects, including cancer, reproductive  and developmental harms, and weaken immune systems.   Nearly every American has some level of PFAS coursing through their  blood today.    This important bill is supported by the International  Association of Fire Fighters, the International Association of Fire  Chiefs, the National Volunteer Fire Council, and first responders all  across this country.   We must get this important, commonsense, and bipartisan legislation  to the President's desk without delay to protect our firefighters and  the communities they serve.   Finally, I thank leadership for bringing the PFAS Act to the floor  under suspension today. I express a special thanks to Chair Eddie  Bernice Johnson and Ranking Member Frank Lucas--who has really worked  with me closely on this--and each of their staff for continuing to work  with me to advance this critically important bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this PFAS Act. This  is an important bipartisan and meaningful bill to protect the health  and safety of our first responders from harmful PFAS in the line of  duty.   