 Mr. President, conditions are bad in Ukraine, and  they are getting worse. Vladimir Putin's war is escalating in severity  and scale.   This past Sunday, we received the first public reports that Russia is  now deploying proxy fighters to Ukraine. Putin put out the call to  action in Syria, Southeast Asia, and Chechnya, and now the mercenaries  are pouring in. On Tuesday, we heard further allegations that as many  as 1,000 proxy fighters from the Kremlin-backed Wagner Group will  deploy to Ukraine and attack Kyiv.   This latest news about proxy developments makes it even more obvious  how willfully blind the President has been to the disaster unfolding in  Ukraine. If you look back at footage from the past few months, it is  clear that the Biden administration thought they would be able to talk  Putin out of this. They thought they could send in the diplomats, offer  a few concessions, pat everyone on the back, and head home. But while  they were lining up their talking points, Vladimir Putin was lining up  bodies to throw at Ukrainian defenses.   When we first started to debate the threat that the Chinese Communist  Party poses to the free world, it took a lot of time to convince the  skeptics of China's tight hold on the global order. Through the Belt  and Road Initiative, cheap telecom build-outs, and control over  important supply chains, Beijing has created spheres of economic  influence all across the globe.   The Kremlin has done the same thing with its proxies. But it is  important to remember that this is not new information. The existence  of Wagner and other Russian proxy groups is not a secret, and neither  is their brutal history.   This won't be Wagner's first time in Ukraine. If fact, that is where  these mercenaries actually got started. But for the past decade, they  have been wreaking havoc all across Africa. Again, this is no secret.  We know for a fact that they have caused chaos and bloodshed in Syria,  Libya, Yemen, Sudan, Madagascar, Mozambique, and the Central African  Republic and that they have helped turn Mali into yet another ``hermit  kingdom.'' And what have the Russians received in return? They have  gotten access to oilfields, diamond mines, silver, gold, and other  extremely valuable natural resources.   By using his proxies, Putin gets the best of all worlds. He is able  to force open doors into strategically important areas. He will then  suck them dry of their natural resources and make his own name  synonymous with violence in the face of resistance.   Furthermore, mercenaries exist outside the bounds of laws and norms,  which means groups like Wagner operate with impunity and give cover and  plausible deniability to Moscow. In their opinion, it is the perfect  legal fiction.   Meanwhile, these proxy fighters have been accused of abductions,  torture, and rape. They murder journalists and conduct summary  executions on behalf of their Kremlin overlords. They target civilian  populations with the specific purpose of terrorizing innocents and  eliminating dissent, and when they are done, they simply disappear.  That is what Vladimir Putin is preparing to unleash on the brave  Ukrainian people.   I sent, and other Members joined me--we have insisted since February  24 that this is not a special military operation; this is a war. But by  bringing proxies into the mix, Putin has signaled that he is prepared  to do more than inflict violence on key strategic targets; he is  preparing for a massacre.   This isn't a head fake. He knows exactly what he is doing because he  has done it before. He is following the Syria playbook to the letter,  from the booby-trapped humanitarian corridors to his use of cluster  bombs, to the presence of proxies to carry out his dirty deeds.   It is no wonder that Moscow has ordered their fighters to travel with  mobile crematoriums. It is the only way they will be able to even  attempt to cover up the brutality inflicted by Putin's private army.   Over the past few months, Putin has shown us exactly what he intends  to do to the brave Ukrainian people. He has made no attempt to hide  behind diplomacy. His military commits war crimes in broad daylight for  the benefit of the cameras. The introduction of proxies is the natural  progression of this increasingly savage attack.   It is time for President Biden to pull the blinders off and decide  what America's response ought to be, and he has to do that right now.   We have deprioritized the African theater for far too long, and now  it is a breeding ground for glorified terror squads. That absolutely  has to change. Russia is using proxies this very moment to destabilize  and exploit Mali. We know what they did to the people of Syria. The  pictures were too graphic for the nightly news. It is time to remind  the world what happened there and make it clear that unless we do  something, Ukraine is next.   We must also send a strong signal to Putin, Wagner, and other thugs  around the world that there will be no more hiding. Collect the  evidence now. Document the war crimes now. Prepare for prosecutions  now. We must let Vladimir Putin know that no amount of propaganda can  cover up the atrocities that he and his private army plan to commit  against the people of Ukraine. But we have to do it before it is too  late to free the world from Moscow's grip.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I do want to thank my colleague from  Florida for doing the right thing for our partners in Ukraine by  bringing up this supplemental appropriation for its own vote--its own  vote.   But this isn't something that he should have had to do. It is  something that should have been demanded by every Member of this  Chamber. Vladimir Putin is waging a war, an all-out war on Ukraine. He  has reduced maternity hospitals, orphanages, schools, and private homes  to piles of rubble. He has boobytrapped humanitarian corridors. He is  using weapons so horrific that to possess them constitutes a war crime.  And he is preparing to terrorize civilians with the same proxy fighters  that have brutalized innocents in Mali and in Syria.   And here we stand as our Democrat colleagues try to use an aid bill  for Ukraine to link onto its back a $1.5 trillion spending spree.   At last count, there are more than 4,000 earmarks in this omnibus  spending bill.   You and I have been through the issue of earmarks when we each were  Members in the House. Earmarks, 4,000 of them, this bill is divisive,  controversial, and requires actual deliberation and debate. It should  not be used as a vehicle to hold this emergency funding for Ukraine  hostage.   The fact that we even have to have this discussion is just  disrespectful of the process. And it does not help the Ukrainian  people. It slows down the aid to them. It is time to stop this  manipulation in its tracks.   We need to give the people of Ukraine airpower. We need to give them  humanitarian aid. And it needs to be done now. We need to give them the  funding and the support that they need to survive, and it should be  done now. And we need to separate this supplemental from this $1.5  trillion spending spree, and it ought to be done now.   I yield the floor.   