 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership  and support and making it possible for us to be here today to pass the  Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act of 2022. It is an  important effort, and I am so glad that the bipartisan bill that I  introduced last year with Congresswoman Jaime Herrera Beutler, the  Collaborate in an Orderly and Cohesive Manner Act, H.R. 5218, is  included in it.   Many people first display symptoms of a mental health condition or  substance use disorder in the primary care setting. Often they can't  access the necessary follow-up treatment, it is either too expensive or  too difficult for them to find the necessary mental health professional  or overcome other obstacles, including stigma.   That is why enabling patients to access behavioral health treatment  at their first point of care is critical, and that is what this bill  does.   The collaborative care model addresses obstacles including stigma, a  shortage of mental health professionals, and cost by integrating  behavioral healthcare within the primary care setting, with their  trusted family doctors, which allows patients to access the care they  need in a setting where they feel most comfortable.   The collaborative care model is a measurement-based model featuring a  primary care physician, a psychiatric consultant, and care manager all  working together to provide mental health care for patients and  ensuring that that care is delivered effectively.   There are more than 90 published trials demonstrating its success in  different settings for both adults and children. It extends the reach  of our psychiatrists, which is essential as we work to address demand  in the face of workforce shortages. It is covered by Medicare, most  private insurers, and many State Medicaid programs, alleviating the  huge financial burden that can often be associated with accessing  mental health care.   Despite its proven effectiveness, implementation of the collaborative  care model remains low because of the upfront costs and lack of  technical assistance for providers. This bill addresses this roadblock  by providing grant funding for States to work with primary  [[Page H5779]]  care physicians and practices looking to adopt this model.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Congresswomen Herrera Beutler and  Eshoo and Chairman Pallone for addressing the mental health crisis in  this country.   