 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, 6 months  ago, the Supreme Court ripped away the right to abortion; and, since  then, Republicans have enacted abortion bans in States across the  country. The outcry against Republicans' cruelty has been loud and  clear and overwhelming.   In every single State where abortion was on the ballot, voters backed  abortion rights. They made their voices clear: Women must be able to  control their own bodies. They want us to protect abortion access. They  want us to stand up against the wave of extreme bans and bills and  partisan attacks on abortions and on doctors from Republicans.   That is exactly what this bill is, another attack on abortion that  will make it harder for women to get the care that they need.   If my colleague really wants to talk about protecting healthcare  providers, let's talk about the sharp rise in threats and violence  against abortion clinics and what we are doing about that. Let's talk  about the providers back home in my home State of Washington who tell  me they are worried they could be punished for providing an abortion to  patients from out of State. In my State, it is legal.   Let's talk about how Republican State lawmakers have already  discussed a bill to make it a crime to provide abortion care to a  resident even in another State where it is legal.   Yet, if you are one of the many, many doctors and nurses who believe  they have a duty to provide abortion care, this bill does nothing to  protect you for doing your job, not even if your patient's life is in  danger. It is silent on the legal threats that these providers are  facing from Republican States, not to mention the increasing physical  threats that they face. That  [[Page S7213]]  violence, that science speaks volumes about the real point of this  bill.   By the way, if you are a patient, well, then, the message from this  bill is even more clear and even more outrageous. This bill says the  ideology of your boss, of your health insurance company, of your  pharmacist, or your doctor is more important than your personal  decision, your medical needs, or your well-being.   That is dangerous, it is wrong, and I will not stand for it.  Therefore, I object.   