 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I am very  concerned that this bill would overrule FDA experts and do so without  even going through regular order. We should be setting a very high bar  for doing anything like this.   I do appreciate my colleague's concern that he is bringing to the  floor today for growers in his State. Greening disease is a serious and  alarming environmental issue. But skipping regular order here today to  override FDA's experts and meddle with its longstanding process for  modifying food standards of identity does not get to the root of the  problem. So, today, I object.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, earlier this year, when  we passed the PREVENT Pandemics Act out of our HELP Committee in an  overwhelming bipartisan vote, we were able to include amendments from  my colleague from Kansas and others to bolster oversight of the  federally funded research involving pathogens of pandemic potential and  make sure that we do have appropriate guardrails in place.   I appreciate the leadership my colleague from Kansas has shown on  this issue. I know it is important to him. However, I am concerned this  new bill brought forward today is far less targeted than the provisions  the Senator from Kansas and I worked on within PREVENT and would have  significant and unintended consequences for U.S. biomedical research.   Instead of passing this bill, I would respectfully ask my colleague  from Kansas to keep working with me and Ranking Member Burr to get his  related provision and the rest of our PREVENT Pandemics Act across the  finish line.   I thank the Senator from Kansas for his work and his focus on this  issue. I really think we can continue to make bipartisan progress in  the next few weeks on getting the PREVENT Pandemics Act and the  Senator's provision he and I worked on into a good place and finally  getting that much needed package signed into law.   For those reasons, I object today.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, I do appreciate the  Senator from Kansas's focus and leadership on this issue.   I am glad we were able to work together to include a provision  similar to this bill in our PREVENT Pandemics Act that we did pass out  of the HELP Committee by an overwhelming vote earlier this year.   Along with Ranking Member Burr, we are very focused on getting the  PREVENT Pandemics Act passed into law. These reforms are overdue and  vital to keeping our families safe.   The Senator's provisions within that package, as well as many others,  are really key to making sure that our country is prepared for future  pandemics.   I do hope we can continue to work on this bill in a bipartisan way  and get it passed and put into law shortly. So while I look forward to  continuing to work with the Senator from Kansas on this issue within  the PREVENT Pandemics Act package, if he is asking today for unanimous  consent to pass it, I object.   