 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stand here to proudly support Judge  Ketanji Brown Jackson's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.   The Nation has had the opportunity to watch Judge Jackson during her  confirmation hearing 2 weeks ago and see firsthand the temperament,  knowledge of the law, and qualifications she brings to the highest  Court in the land. She will be a fair and impartial jurist, just as she  has proven herself to be on the district court and on the DC Circuit  Court of Appeals.   President Biden made a commitment before he was elected to appoint  the first Black woman to the Supreme Court. Judge Jackson's historic  nomination is long overdue.   It was in my home State of New York where Constance Baker Motley  became the first Black woman to be a Federal judge--in the Southern  District.   Having diverse representation on the Court does not mean someone will  rule a certain way, and it doesn't mean that is why they deserve to be  on the Bench. It is important because it strengthens our institutions.  It is critical because it shows who we are as a nation, and it makes a  difference to the girls and women across the country, who will now have  a role model and know that they can aspire to do the same.   That is why President Biden made that promise because he knew that it  was beyond time to ensure the Supreme Court has that representation;  and it is clear that Judge Jackson will be a highly qualified Justice  to fulfill that promise.   Who we confirm to the Supreme Court matters. While the work of the  Court may feel distant from our daily decisions and day-to-day lives,  the Supreme Court actually makes key decisions on whether individuals  are protected when they go to school, work, or out in public; on who  can and how we can cast our votes to determine our elected officials;  on whether our future generations will have clean air to breathe, clean  water to drink; on who we can choose to marry; and on what decisions  women can make about their own bodies and their reproductive future.   The nine Justices on the Supreme Court make important decisions that  impact all Americans; and in the Senate, in our advice and consent  role, we have a critical role to play in ensuring that we confirm  Justices who follow the rule of law and provide equal justice to all.   The perspectives Judge Jackson will bring to the highest Court of the  land, both personally and professionally, will have a critical impact  on all Americans. Judge Jackson will bring to the Bench significant  criminal defense experience as a former public defender. She will also  bring nearly a decade of judicial experience to her rulings.   When I met Judge Jackson, I asked her which of her experiences have  prepared her most for this moment to serve on the Supreme Court if she  was confirmed. She answered by talking about her clerkships, which she  completed at each level of the judiciary: the district court; First  Circuit Court of Appeals; and for Supreme Court Justice Breyer, whose  seat she is being nominated to fill. She talked about how she learned  from others how to serve as a judge. She experienced firsthand what it  means to fulfill the constitutional requirement of being a member of  our Nation's Federal judiciary.   I know that Judge Jackson will bring all of those perspectives and  meaningful experiences with her to the Supreme Court, and those are  critically needed on the highest Court of our land. It is those  experiences and her record that have led to Judge Jackson's nomination  receiving broad support--from the civil and human rights community to  the law enforcement community and from colleagues in the judiciary  nominated by Presidents of both parties, to name just a few. Given the  fact that she was confirmed three times before this body with  bipartisan support, the Senate should be able to once again confirm her  with votes from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   I look forward to enthusiastically casting my vote in support of  Judge Jackson's confirmation to the Supreme Court of the United States.  I urge my colleagues to join me and support her nomination as well.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   