 Mr. President, President Biden wants to pass a new New  Deal. In fact, in some ways, the reckless spending the President is  pushing for actually dwarfs the New Deal. But Joe Biden is not FDR, and  we are not living in the Great Depression. The New Deal passed the  House and the Senate on the back of huge Democratic supermajorities.   Today, Americans have elected a 50-50 Senate and a razor-thin  Democratic majority in the House. The American people voted for  bipartisanship and compromise in the U.S. Congress, not a blanket  mandate for progressives to reorganize American life as they see fit.  But some Democrats in Congress seem to think they did.   Because they haven't reached out to Republicans to work together on  important issues, they haven't been able to pass their Build Back  Better plan, so they have turned their attention to another kind of  Federal Government overreach: overhauling the way our country runs  elections. Their argument is that lawmakers in red States are trying to  make it harder for people to vote, and so it is necessary for  Washington Democrats to take over election administration in all 50  States.   One important point: The first part of that is simply not true. The  right to vote is not under assault. According to Pew Research, 94  percent of Americans believe that voting is easy. In my home State of  Nebraska, we achieved a record 76 percent voter turnout in the 2020  election, in the middle of a pandemic, because of all the different  ways that my State made it easier for Nebraskans to vote, including  expanded early voting and no-excuse absentee voting. But Democrats  still want to pass a Federal takeover of elections.   Because the rules don't allow them to pass every single law they  would like to in a 50-50 Senate, many of my Democrat colleagues are  flip-flopping to oppose the filibuster. President Biden, who defended  the filibuster during his nearly 40 years in the Senate, now wants a  special carve-out for Democrats' election takeover. But who says it is  going to stop there? The majority leader said in 2005, when Democrats  were in the minority, that doing away with the filibuster would ``wash  away 200 years of history'' and mean ``doomsday for democracy.'' Today,  no one is pushing harder to end it than he is. And Democrats were  perfectly happy to use the filibuster hundreds of times during the 4  years of the Trump Presidency, when the majority leader was the  minority leader and Republicans had even larger majorities in Congress.   This isn't some debate about some arcane Senate rule. This is about  protecting the rights of the minority in our democracy. This is about  providing stability and certainty to our people. If the majority is  able to constantly push through their views and policy every few years,  drastic swings in policy will take place. Tax policy, social policy,  health policy, foreign policy, defense policy--the laws of the United  States will start just to whip back and forth, following where the  power lies in this Chamber, and those shifts will weaken our Nation  both here at home and abroad.   In 2017, the senior Senator from Maine and the junior Senator from  Delaware led a bipartisan letter urging Senate leadership to preserve  the 60-vote threshold for legislation.   While I appreciate their efforts, I did not sign that letter. I was  concerned that many Democrats only signed it because they were afraid  the GOP--that Republicans were going to end the filibuster. I believed  that many of my Democratic colleagues would soon turn against the  letter's own arguments and they would go back on their word. I believed  that because a few years earlier, I had listened to reasons they gave  for changing the executive filibuster for Presidential nominations when  they  [[Page S137]]  were in the majority, and I had then watched them reverse those  positions when they were back in the minority. I felt they would flip  again for political reasons as soon as they returned to the majority.   Of the 61 Senators who did sign that letter, 30 were Democrats, 28  are still in office, and I am sorry to say that they have proved me  right. But when Republicans were in the majority, we said we wouldn't  abolish the legislative filibuster, and we have kept our word.   The truth is that some of my Democratic colleagues want to remake the  American system only in their own image, not considering the views of  about half of our citizens. To do that, they have to take an ax to the  filibuster. But I urge them to think about the consequences their  actions may have.   Without the filibuster, any Senate majority would be free to ignore  the other side to pass their own agenda. Bipartisanship? Well, it would  become a relic of the past. I know that Democrats don't want that to  happen. I don't want it to happen, either, and that is why I have  consistently supported the Senate filibuster no matter who is in power.   I urge my colleagues to think beyond the passions of the moment and  to do what is best for this country in the long term: Leave the  filibuster in place. Democrats may want to use it again as soon as next  year.   I yield the floor.   