 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Wilson for yielding  and for his leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the AXIS Act. We must take  strong steps to investigate if and how the Chinese Government and  affiliated entities are helping Russia evade sanctions after Vladimir  Putin's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine.   While the United States, our NATO allies, and countries around the  world have strongly condemned and taken action during Vladimir Putin's  invasion, the silence and deference from Chinese Government officials  is deafening.   Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi continues to say Russia is China's  most important strategic partner. We know that as Russia continues to  invade Ukraine, China is eyeing Taiwan. We must show dictators that  they cannot invade a free country and ally unprovoked without  consequences.   I am proud to cosponsor the AXIS Act, and I thank my friend,  Congressman   Andy Barr, for leading this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Meuser  for yielding, and I thank Representative Connolly, Chairman Meeks, and  Ranking Member McCaul for their leadership on this very important  issue.   I rise in strong support of this bipartisan, bicameral effort to help  restore Taiwan's observer status at the World Health Organization and  World Health Assembly.   I am proud to have introduced the House version of this bill, which  has nearly 130 bipartisan cosponsors.   Time and time again, Taiwan has proven to be a trusted ally of the  United States and to be a world leader in global health security.    From 2009 until 2017, Taiwan had observer status in the WHO and WHA,  but it was revoked due to pressure from the Chinese Government. This  bill would direct the Secretary of State to implement a strategy to  restore Taiwan's observer status.   I am hopeful that today we can send a united message to the people of  Taiwan that we value their input and that giving them a seat at the  table benefits all of us.   Support for Taiwan is more important than ever. We all know today  that as Russia invades Ukraine, China is eyeing Taiwan. A threat to  freedom anywhere is a threat to freedom everywhere.   That is why I urge my colleagues to support this effort and give the  people of Taiwan a voice in vital information sharing in the World  Health Organization and World Health Assembly.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to lead this effort and will continue to be  an unwavering voice for global human rights and freedom.    Madam Speaker, I was unavoidably detained.  Had I been present, I would have voted ``yea'' on rollcall No. 127.   