 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  confirmation vote on the Gruenberg nomination occur following the  completion of my remarks and those of Senator Brown.    Madam President, I have always believed that serving  the people of Tennessee requires that I meet them right there in their  communities, and I bring their ideas to Washington to put those  perspectives to work. What we do on Capitol Hill gets a lot of  attention, but back home is where the real work of making this country  work really gets done.   So this year, I have completed another of my tours of all 95  counties; that is every county in our State. At every stop, I met with  local officials, business owners, civic leaders, and citizens who  really keep these communities afloat. That is a task that my Democratic  colleagues have made almost impossible with their massive spending  bills and their attacks on small businesses.   In so many ways, their situation mirrors that of thousands of  families struggling under recordbreaking inflation and broken supply  chains. During teletownhall calls with Tennesseans in each of our 95  counties, this was a constant refrain: They are finding more month at  the end of their paycheck than paycheck at the end of their month. From  the moment their feet hit the floor in the morning until they put their  heads on the pillow at night, Tennesseans are counting their pennies  and wondering when the Democrats are going to put their radical agenda  aside and go back to putting the American people first.  [[Page S7280]]    In spite of the mess the Democrats have made with the national  economy, Tennessee communities are growing because their local leaders  follow the same rules with their county coffers as they do with their  small business or household budgets: They spend within their means,  they only buy what they need, and they keep their paperwork in order.   Washington would do well to follow their example and embrace two key  pieces of legislation I introduced this year. In response to the 40- year high inflation the Democrats caused with their spending spree, I  filed a resolution to raise the Senate voting threshold to two-thirds  of all Senators for all spending bills if inflation is higher than 4  percent. I also introduced the IRS User Fee Reduction Act. This bill  would lower IRS user fees by 95 percent for those with a gross income  of less than $5 million and allow these small businesses to use the  services the IRS offers without getting hit with a massive bill.   Times are hard enough for taxpayers without having to worry that  their government is working against them. We saw plenty of evidence  this year showing that the bureaucracy is actively preventing growth  and development.   The commencement of the massive Blue Oval City project in Haywood  County, TN, was clogged in permitting redtape and agency misalignment.  It took a remarkable effort to straighten that out, but we got the job  done, and now they are on their way to creating thousands of jobs.   Before this fall, the McKellar-Sipes airport in Jackson, TN, had been  without TSA service for 13 years; but by working with the folks in  Jackson and with the TSA, I was able to get that service set up for  outgoing passengers. Now this area of west Tennessee has reliable  commercial air transportation.   But, remember, getting rid of redtape, getting it out of the way,  this is something our local governments had to fight for, and it  shouldn't be that way.   Meanwhile, Tennessee farmers are in the fight of their lives over a  combination of unsustainable fuel and fertilizer prices, and regulatory  burdens so heavy they are destroying the concept of the family farm.   They are the reason I called on the Biden administration to pursue  energy independence, and they are the reason I will keep fighting to  implement an ``Operation Warp Speed'' for American-produced energy.   The government's job is not to micromanage. Our job is to give these  businesses the tools they need to create the environment that they need  for jobs growth to take place.   That is what we did when we passed the DRIVE Safe Act to make it  easier for the trucking industry to hire and train the workers they  need to ease the strains on our supply chains.   It is what Senator Menendez and I did when we introduced our Supply  Chain Database Act, which became law this year. Soon, manufacturers  will have access to the information they need to meet demand.   This will make a huge difference in Hamblen County, TN. Morristown is  home to more than 109 manufacturing companies. About 25 percent of the  jobs available in Morristown are associated with these manufacturers,  which is about double the national average.   This focus on using innovation to help local economies flourish is  making a difference elsewhere in Tennessee. The Oak Ridge National Lab  is home to Frontier, which is the world's fastest supercomputer and the  first ever exascale computer. It is also a magnet for talent. People  and businesses are moving to East Tennessee to take advantage of the  jobs and the other opportunities that our investment in Oak Ridge has  created.   Elsewhere in Oak Ridge, high school students are already benefiting  from investment in research and education opportunities in advanced  manufacturing. And the Smart Factory Institute in Cleveland, TN, is  running a state-of-the-art vocational training facility that is  revolutionizing workforce development and training. None of this would  be happening if Washington had ignored the requests of local leaders.   This year, I brought the same local focus to my work with the  healthcare industry. Rural hospitals are struggling in every State; and  in Tennessee, this is leaving thousands of people without access to  basic healthcare.   The telehealth expansion policies that became mainstream during the  pandemic saved lives and brought healthcare to people who had never had  easy access to a doctor. This year, I fought to make those expansions  permanent, and I also persuaded CMS to keep the low-wage index hospital  policy on the books. For at least another year, this will protect rural  hospitals from losing out on the reimbursements they need to keep the  doors open. And if rural patients need to fill a prescription after a  doctor's visit, they will be able to do so.   I secured a new rule that would prohibit PBMs from clawing back fees  from community pharmacists. This will bring some much needed stability  to those businesses and allow them to keep serving rural customers.   And this kind of targeted support is paying off. In March, we broke  ground on the stand-alone Fentress County emergency department. It took  more than a few phone calls with CMS to sort out the waivers, but we  got it done, and now we are doing the same work in Clay County.   Tennessee is home, also, to the finest military community in the  country. And this year, they had to wait until the 11th hour to see if  the Senate would come through with a defense authorization bill.   It had been dangling over their heads since July, and they are truly  relieved to see that it finally passed. And I want to thank my  colleagues on the Armed Services Committee for supporting the  amendments I submitted on behalf of Tennessee servicemembers and their  families.   They are the most important element of our national defense, which is  why I championed the repeal of the COVID vaccine mandate. I believe  that no one brave enough to don that uniform should have to choose  between taking a shot and losing their job.   Tennessee's military community was ecstatic to hear that the U.S.  Senate agrees with me on that statement. We have a duty to take care of  our men and women in uniform during and after their service. That is  why I fought to include support for workforce development and STEM  training in the NDAA and why I will keep fighting for expanded access  to community care so once those servicemembers return to civilian life,  they will be able to see a doctor close to home when they need to see  them.   As much as Tennesseans focus on national security, they are equally  concerned with safety in their own communities. Since mid-2019,  America's largest cities have seen a significant rise in violent crime.   In Tennessee, law enforcement officials are struggling due to a lack  of funding and manpower. The Restoring Law and Order Act, which I  introduced earlier this year with Senator Hagerty, will provide much  needed resources to law enforcement so that they can get drugs off the  streets and put criminals behind bars and keep them there.   I truly hope that my Democratic colleagues will agree that this  sounds much more effective than defunding these police departments. We  need to get this bill passed and to the President's desk.   And just this month, President Biden signed my Speak Out Act into  law. This bans the use of predispute nondisclosure agreements in  situations involving sexual misconduct. I want to thank Senator  Gillibrand for working so hard on this legislation with me.    And I also want to thank Senator Blumenthal for working with me to  get Reese's Law across the finish line. Now, this will require new  safety standards for toys and other products to prevent children from  swallowing button batteries.   Safety was a key theme of the work we did together on the Committee  for Consumer Protection this year. As we explored ways that we could  rein in Big Tech, we looked to regain control over your ``virtual  you,'' your presence online, and also to introduce competition into the  tech sector.   This past February, Senator Blumenthal and I introduced the Kids  Online Safety Act after a series of hearings that exposed Big Tech's  disregard for the safety of its underage users.   We also worked closely together on the Open App Market Act, which  will  [[Page S7281]]  stop tech giants from stifling competition in the App Store  marketplace.   Both of these bills have earned extensive bipartisan support, and I  see no reason why we won't be able to get them across the finish line  very soon.   I want to conclude by thanking the thousands of local officials and  leaders and the Tennesseans who dedicate so much of their time and  their energy to making Tennessee a wonderful place to call home.   I am grateful for their hard work and their willingness to work with  me for a better Tennessee.   I yield the floor.   