 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Representative from  Massachusetts for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Today, we are here to discuss H.R. 3648, the Equal Access to Green  Cards for Legal Employment, or the EAGLE Act, and H.R. 7946, the  Veteran Service Recognition Act.   The EAGLE Act would do away with country caps for certain employment- based green cards. Unfortunately, the bill we are debating today  changes a carefully negotiated and agreed-upon bill from last Congress,  favoring a Democrat go-it-alone approach that, unfortunately, we have  seen all too often in this body over the last 2 years.   One of the most shocking changes is the exclusion of critical  language to prevent those associated with the Chinese Communist Party  or the Chinese armed forces from admission to these immigration  programs.   When this came through the Judiciary Committee, Congressman Bishop  offered an amendment to add language that once again clarified that CCP  members are ineligible to participate in these programs. That amendment  failed on a party-line vote. We all know the CCP is not a good-faith  actor, and I am appalled that the majority would risk our national  security by rejecting that amendment.   H.R. 7946, the Veteran Service Recognition Act, aims to establish a  program within the DHS for noncitizens to receive citizenship through  service in the military. Based on the title, it sounds like a good  bill.   Of course, those who served honorably in the Armed Forces should be  honored for their valor and sacrifice. But despite the title, this bill  did not even go through the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   Why? Because it is just one more example of the Democrats exploiting  a sympathetic population to push their open border policies. They  should be ashamed.   I will also point out that there are already procedures in place by  which noncitizen servicemembers can be rewarded for their sacrifices  for this country. The Immigration and Nationality Act established  special avenues to naturalize members or veterans in the U.S. military.  These procedures have been in place since 2002.  [[Page H8761]]    Under the current INA, it rightfully does not offer this opportunity  to those who are dishonorably discharged or those who have committed a  serious crime. But the bill we are discussing today, either through  poor drafting or purposeful vagueness, does offer a citizenship path to  those people.   In the Judiciary Committee, several amendments were offered to ensure  dangerous criminals did not receive an adjustment of immigration  status, amendments that included crimes like illicit trafficking in  firearms and human trafficking, and each amendment failed.   Why are my colleagues across the aisle so eager to have criminals on  the streets of our communities?   This bill doesn't even apply to just veterans. It would expand  protections for noncitizen family members of veterans, who would  otherwise be deported for committing crimes. Drug smugglers, human  traffickers, and domestic abusers who never even served in our Armed  Forces would be allowed to avoid deportation because of this bill.   I am also concerned that this bill relies heavily on the  interpretation of the Secretary of Homeland Security. As it is written,  DHS does not have to deport nearly anyone, leaving it to the DHS  Secretary to exercise discretion in almost all cases.   Secretary Mayorkas has done nothing to ease the immigration crisis in  this country.   Do we really want to give someone like that more responsibility?   I am skeptical that an individual who can't even admit that the  border is not secure will treat this increased discretion in a manner  that is required to keep our communities safe.   Before I reserve, I will note that the rule before us provides no  Republican amendments in order, continuing a trend by this majority of  stifling debate and suppressing the minority party's opportunity to  offer changes or ideas to improve the underlying bills.   Mr. Speaker, it is for that reason I oppose the rule, and I ask  Members to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I want to comment on the so-called gimmicky amendments. I don't see  it as gimmicky when we are trying to stop criminals from staying in our  country. I don't see it as gimmicky when we are trying to stop human  traffickers. I don't see it as gimmicky when we are trying to stop  those who have trafficked firearms. I don't see that as gimmicky. I see  that as trying to protect the people of the country and making sure  that we do not allow criminals to continue to stay in our country.    As for the issue of current law, if it is the case that those  associated with the CCP are already not allowed under current law, then  there is no issue to just put this in the bill just in case and make  sure that we have satisfied the concerns of people who are concerned  about allowing those CCP members into the country.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   This majority all too often uses flowery titles to mask the bill's  true meaning. The Veteran Service Recognition Act is another one of  these examples. It leads the public to believe we are looking at a bill  that would recognize the service of our veterans. But once again, when  you take a closer look, it becomes painfully clear that this is another  push for open borders. This bill intends to pave a far broader pathway  to citizenship not just for veterans. A path already exists for  veterans since 2002, but this bill opens a path to criminals, something  Democrats rejected every opportunity they had to keep criminals out of  the program.   In just 2 short years, the American people have watched as the  situation at the southern border has deteriorated into nothing short of  a crisis. I would have hoped that my colleagues would treat this  situation a little more seriously, but unfortunately, I have come to  expect nothing less.   This bill is just one more example of how deeply unserious my  colleagues in the majority are of addressing the disaster at our  southern border. I oppose this rule, and I ask Members to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   