 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, what we are about to vote on is just  another distraction while Republicans are taking away abortion rights.   I want to be clear: This coming vote is about more than just masks.  The Congressional Review Act resolution could have hugely consequential  and potentially damaging effects not just for the current pandemic but  for the future as well.   Young children getting an early education through our Head Start  Program are the only age group that cannot yet be vaccinated against  COVID-19. That means parents of children under 5 are in a really  difficult position right now. They don't have the choice to vaccinate  their children. So they are dependent on the adults who care for them  to do everything they can to continue protecting them.   But Senator Thune's resolution fails to take into consideration the  concerns of parents with young children, and I don't just mean masks.  This resolution would also take away a tool for Head Start programs to  ensure that adults are vaccinated when caring for kids who cannot get  vaccinated themselves.   Now, once our youngest children can get fully vaccinated, it probably  makes sense to revisit some of these requirements, but we are not there  yet--something I know so many parents are worried about and frustrated  by. Right now, we need to do everything we can to protect our children  and give parents some peace of mind.   We also need to think about the dangerous repercussions this CRA  could have in the future. This resolution would prevent HHS from  implementing critical public health practices that keep our kids safe  in the future. Enacting a CRA permanently constrains an Agency's  ability to regulate again in that space, and I cannot overstate how  serious such a step would be. What if there is a new threat but we  can't implement the necessary public health measures which we know can  keep kids safe because they have been blocked by the CRA?   We need to make sure that HHS and the Head Start Program can protect  our most vulnerable children in case there is a new, more dangerous  variant or even a new pandemic threat. Mr. President, when you get in  from the rain, you may put your umbrella away, but you don't throw it  out. And when it comes to this pandemic, some of us are safely inside;  but for the young kids who cannot yet get vaccinated, they are still  out in the storm, and their parents are still counting on having that  umbrella. And when it comes to the future, there could be other rainy  days. So let's not throw away this important tool to keep our kids  safe.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Aracely  Heredia and Lauren Battle, fellows who are assigned to my office, be  granted floor privileges through July 1, 2022.   