 Madam Speaker, I rise to offer an amendment to protect  communities from malicious scams surrounding the community services  block grant program.   The CSBG program is absolutely critical to the empowerment of  vulnerable communities. Funding from the CSBG program has helped nine  community action agencies in my State serve 107,000 families and  260,000 individuals.   It has helped over 81,000 households avoid crisis with energy  assistance and nearly 17,000 people avoid hunger with emergency or  supplemental food and enrolled 5,600 children in early childcare  services.   Additionally, these agencies have helped nearly 11,000 people file  their income taxes, returning $8.5 million to my State's economy.   CSBG programs empower our communities' most vulnerable, which is why  they are always offered free of charge.   However, scammers across the country falsely purport to offer CSBG  services for a fee, preying on those in our community when they are  most in need of help. We have seen a proliferation of fraud and scams  throughout the COVID-19 pandemic when emergency Federal dollars were  sent to States.   These scams are illegal and morally reprehensible. It is our  responsibility to ensure our communities are properly informed to  combat predatory schemes. It is our responsibility to reinforce  guardrails to protect the integrity of these programs and ensure they  fulfill their promises to our communities.   My amendment would require that States provide easily accessible  warnings about verified scams as well as information on where to seek  recourse should someone believe they are the victim of a CSBG-related  scam.   Making this information available will ensure that CSBG can continue  to provide lifesaving services to communities without being subject to  greed and mal-intent. This is a simple, commonsense amendment that the  Congressional Budget Office has certified as budget neutral.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment and the  underlying legislation.   