 Madam Speaker, I thank the representative from North  Carolina (Ms. Ross) for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, today we are being asked to discuss House Resolution  4445, a bill that will do nothing to bring justice to victims of sexual  harassment, and it could be argued that it would make the process  worse. We are also discussing H.R. 3485, a duplicative messaging bill  on human rights. The most bizarre bill we are looking at today is the  American concedes act.    This is yet another bill that was thrown together behind closed doors  and with no bipartisan input, and now we are expected to hastily dig  through this lengthy document on short notice. Luckily, it does not  take long to see all that is wrong with this bill.   We are supposed to believe the intention of the bill is to counter  China's economic aggression, but it does not even contain the word  ``China'' in the title. This bill is actually just a long list of  Progressive dream policies that have nothing to do with China at all.  To illustrate, the words ``coral reef'' appears more times in this  legislation than China does.   What is worse is that that bill contains certain policies that would  help China because it will hurt American companies. The bill's $52  billion in subsidies for the semiconductor industry would allow for a  chip company working with the Chinese Communist Party to be eligible  for those funds. The bill that supposedly combats China's economic  aggression could actually send taxpayer funds to subsidize CCP's  semiconductor industry.   We could pass meaningful export and control policies. We could impose  sanctions on the United Front Work Department, or even start with  funding existing sanction enforcement at the Office of the Foreign  Asset Control in the Treasury.   We could completely ban Federal funding for colleges and universities  that host Confucius Institutes. Instead, we are here to consider a bill  that may actually be more detrimental for America than it is for China.  I have to highlight some of the contradictions in this bill that so  perfectly sum up the hypocrisy of the House Democrats and the  administration.   This bill includes the Reclaiming the Solar Supply Chain Act of 2021.  My colleagues claim this will decrease energy reliance on China and  will be better for the environment by subsidizing solar panel  manufacturing. However, the left is also attacking domestic production  of the minerals required to make these panels.   We saw this just last week when the Biden administration canceled  leases for a Minnesota company mining for critical minerals vital to  domestic production of solar panels. The result is the U.S. is being  forced to outsource these materials to China. China, who is the largest  emitter of greenhouse gases in the world and uses inhumane labor  practices. How can we reclaim the solar supply chain while outsourcing  these very jobs to China?   This bill also requires U.S. implementation of the Paris Climate  Agreement, but does not require the same of China. Another provision  that makes it harder for American businesses to compete with  unregulated Chinese competitors.   This bill reflects the patterns of this administration. They claim we  need to address climate change now, but then delay compliance with the  renewable fuel standard that provides lower-emission fuel for our  vehicle fleet. They cancel our domestic pipeline construction while  allowing our adversaries to keep theirs. They don't mind activities  that hurt the environment as long as the U.S. is keeping it in someone  else's backyard, all while forcing American businesses to follow their  restrictions.   The majority of Americans agree, China is our biggest threat. We need  good legislation to counter that threat. This bill proves the Democrats  do not take this threat seriously.   It has taken any decent policy options on the subject and buried them  in a poison bills trying to push policy to cater to their Progressive  base. We need to put forward a real bill that has gone through the  appropriate committee process to include Republican input. Only then  will we have legislation that deals with these issues seriously.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Burgess).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Reschenthaler), who is an esteemed  member of the Rules Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Mrs. Kim), who is my fellow freshman.    Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I  will offer an amendment to the rule allowing for the immediate  consideration of H.R. 6184, the HALT Fentanyl Act.   I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the  Record, along with any extraneous materials, immediately prior to the  vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Over 100,000 people died from fentanyl overdoses in a 1-year span,  according to the CDC. That is a 30 percent increase from the year  before. I think we can all agree that something must be done to put a  stop to this heartbreaking epidemic.   Fentanyl has been temporarily classified as a schedule I substance.  This classification strengthens law enforcement's ability to prosecute  fentanyl traffickers, and the DEA reports that it has acted as an  effective deterrent. The temporary classification is set to expire on  February 18, 2022.   The HALT Fentanyl Act would make the schedule classification  permanent and would also promote research by removing regulation to  streamline the research process. We should do everything we possibly  can to put an end to the devastation caused by fentanyl in this  country. And the HALT Fentanyl Act is one piece of the puzzle that  could make a real difference.   To further explain this amendment, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Griffith), the author of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close unless the  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Ross) has other speakers.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this bill is another attempt to force the far-left  agenda. Only this time, the Democrats are using the very real threats  we are facing from China in order to do it. Rather than focus attention  on real action that can be taken against China, this bill has been  pumped full of policies around climate change and other progressive  dreams.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle need to open their eyes  to the reality of the threat that China poses and not use important  pieces of legislation to push their agenda.   Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bills, and I ask  Members to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   