 Madam President, agriculture is a critical part of  Nebraska's economy. It accounts for, roughly, $25.7 billion of  Nebraska's gross State product. That is a little less than a quarter of  our State's overall GDP. Nearly one in four jobs in the State is tied  to agriculture.   That economic output is important because, thanks to States like  Nebraska, hard-working family farmers and ranchers produce a wide  variety of products that keep our grocery stores stocked and help to  feed the world. But our Nation's agricultural bounty doesn't do anyone  much good if it can't get to market, and that is where our complex  transportation and infrastructure system comes into play.   The railroad industry, in particular, has a big role in bringing  agricultural products to locations across the United States. That  includes ports, where they can then be shipped to locations around the  world. Whether it is grain or soybeans, railroads provide the means to  affordably move thousands of tons of goods where they need to go. It is  estimated that rail delivers 1.6 million carloads of agricultural  products a year. That is why I am deeply concerned about the potential  for a rail shutdown later this week.   I think it is very important that people understand what kind of  economic impact such as a shutdown would have and how it would upend  our Nation's agricultural sector. The consequences would be  devastating. When agricultural products can't be transported, there  will be price hikes, and there will be shortages. Our international  exports of commodities like corn, soy, wheat, of which a large share  moves by rail, will fall dramatically.   Fertilizer prices--an already expensive input due to inflation--will  further skyrocket. The mere prospect of a shutdown on Friday means  fertilizer and other hazardous materials have already started being  removed from the rail networks on September 12. Biofuel plants could be  forced to scale down operations or completely shut down.   I would also point out that we have harvest coming up in Nebraska.  Family farmers in my State, many of whom are grappling with rapidly  rising input costs, need a good harvest season. And if rail service  isn't feasible, that possibility could go out the window.   Grain elevators, for example, could run out of storage and be unable  to accept additional commodities. Family farmers and ranchers will lose  critical revenue streams.   The bottom line is, if rail shuts down, our entire agricultural  system shuts down. It is that simple.   All of this economic chaos would come on top of extreme inflation.  Today's numbers put grocery prices up 13.5 percent over last year.  Think about the toll this out-of-control inflation is taking on our  working-class families.   Then there is the international turmoil. Russia's horrific invasion  of Ukraine has dramatically curtailed the flow of grain, which, in  turn, has exasperated food insecurity in Africa and the Middle East.  And the war has also further strained the fertilizer supply chain. All  of this is to say that the stakes of these rail negotiations couldn't  be higher.   Nine of the twelve labor unions in the rail sector have been able to  utilize the Presidential Emergency Board recommendations to come to an  agreement. I note that the Board is composed of neutral, impartial  individuals appointed by President Biden. Their recommendations are  widely seen as benefiting all parties. It is critical that the  remaining labor unions and the rail industry use those recommendations  to reach an agreement as soon as possible.   Our entire agricultural system is at stake here, the economic welfare  of the American people is at stake here, and the global food security  is also at stake here.   I yield the floor.   