 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague  for yielding.   I rise in opposition to the combined rule, although I support the  underlying NDAA. This year's NDAA makes targeted investments in our  defense to protect us from increasingly aggressive adversaries like  China and Russia.   I was pleased to include a wide range of priorities for my home State  of Oklahoma, and multiple amendments focused on supporting  servicemembers, strengthening our cybersecurity posture, and deterring  our enemies.   Many Oklahomans were concerned when President Biden announced his  intent to divest half of the E-3 AWACS fleet at Tinker Air Force Base.  I worked on this issue for months and secured an amendment to slow the  divestment and to retain the training pipeline that will be needed as  we transition to the new E-7.   I was also proud to work with my colleague and friend,   Tom Cole, to  secure $30 million for the new B-21 depot maintenance campus at Tinker  Air Force Base.   The NDAA also includes two bills I introduced: H.R. 7738 which would  facilitate greater security clearance portability for departing  servicemembers, and H. Res. 1143 which honors the USS Oklahoma City for  three decades of service.   With that said, I am concerned that the combined rule has excluded  many important amendments that deserve to be debated. This includes an  amendment I offered to stop the Department of Defense from recouping  bonuses to servicemembers based on their COVID-19 vaccination status. I  have heard about this issue from my constituents, and this practice  must be stopped.   Lastly, this combined rule provides for two abortion measures which I  strongly oppose. I am deeply concerned that these measures would remove  all pro-life protections at the Federal and State level. Constituents  in my home State of Oklahoma overwhelmingly support these protections,  and as a former State legislator myself, I find this approach to be  unacceptable.   Madam Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to reject the  combined rule.   