 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to voice my very strong,  enthusiastic support for Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's nomination and  to urge all of our colleagues in joining me to vote to confirm her.   Judge Jackson is one of the most exceptional Supreme Court nominees I  have met, and I am so excited she is on her way to the Supreme Court.  It is incredibly well deserved and incredibly good news for our  country.   The bottom line for me is always, can I tell my constituents back  home in Washington State that if they ever have a case before this  judge, this is someone who will listen, who will understand, and  someone who will make a thoughtful, fair decision for them based on the  laws of our Nation? And the answer with Judge Jackson is a resounding  yes.   It is clear from her record she has the experience. It was clear from  her hearing that she has a masterful understanding of the law and a  seemingly endless supply of perhaps unwarranted patience.   And I think it is clear to anyone, after a few minutes with her, she  has heart, compassion, and a commitment to justice.   So it should be no surprise her nomination was met with wide acclaim,  including from prominent Republican lawyers and retired judges  appointed by Republican Presidents.   As a professional, Judge Jackson's record doesn't merely check the  boxes we have come to expect from our Supreme Court nominees: a  clerkship for Justice Breyer, experience as a district court judge and  a circuit court judge. She also has experience that is less common to  the highest Court in the land, and for that reason, all the more  important--like her experience on the U.S. Sentencing Commission, a  perspective only the retiring Justice Breyer brought to the Supreme  Court or her experience as a public defender, something no other  Supreme Court Justice has ever had. This is so important and so long  overdue.   Being a public defender means developing an in-depth understanding of  the legal needs of everyday people. Judges from these kinds of legal  backgrounds can be better equipped to understand the experiences of  each person before them to recognize the burden laws often place on  people who are living with low income or otherwise marginalized, and  ultimately to render more informed, more just decisions.   And Judge Jackson's background is more than simply a resume. It is  her perspective growing up as the daughter of two public school  teachers, her perspective as a working mother with two daughters of her  own, and her perspective as a Black woman working in a profession where  stories like hers were few and far between.  [[Page S2006]]    I have no doubt that perspective will serve her and the people who  come before her well as a Supreme Court Justice.   And while her personal story tells us a lot, the way she gracefully  and knowledgeably handled her confirmation hearings shows us even more.  During a confirmation process that a few Republicans tried to make  incredibly ugly, she showed the kind of poise and patience befitting a  U.S. Supreme Court Justice.   Over the course of hundreds of questions, she offered thoughtful  answers that demonstrated expert understanding of the law, a carefully  considered methodology for how she approaches each case, and an  unmistakable commitment to ensuring justice and upholding the liberties  of all Americans, not just the powerful and well connected.   And that is so important, especially at a time when so many rights  are under attack. We continue to see Republicans pushing through  blatantly unconstitutional laws on the right to abortion. We are seeing  the tragic consequences of those reckless restrictions every day.   We are also seeing attacks on the rights of workers as they seek to  organize or form a union and fight for a better workplace.   We are even seeing attacks on the cornerstone of our democracy--the  right to vote--as Republicans have continually pushed through measures  to block the ballot box and some even continue to dangerously deny the  legitimacy of the last election.   We need a Supreme Court Justice who understands, as Judge Jackson  once put it, ``Presidents are not kings;'' someone who understands  equal justice is for all, not just the wealthy and the powerful. There  are so many critical issues which come before the Court that matter so  deeply to the American people--cases about workers' rights or  reproductive rights or voting rights or Tribal sovereignty, climate  change, gun safety, immigration, and so much more.   My constituents deserve to know the Justices hearing these cases are  really going to listen to their concerns, understand their experiences,  uphold our Constitution, and defend their rights. They deserve a  Justice as thoughtful, compassionate, and committed as Ketanji Brown  Jackson.   I first ran for Senate because of the Supreme Court, watching the  hearings with Anita Hill. I was frustrated that there was no one on the  dais who looked like me, no one asking the questions that I would ask;  and for most of the country throughout most of our history, our courts  have been the same way. They have not represented the diversity of our  Nation--not by a long shot. I am proud to say we are finally fixing  that, including in my home State of Washington. And soon, we will take  another historic step at the highest level possible. We will vote to  put another mom on the Supreme Court.   Ketanji Brown Jackson will make history as the first Black woman to  serve on the highest Court in the land, though I am sure she will not  be the last, because I know now there are little girls across the  country watching as the Senate confirms someone who looks like them to  the Supreme Court for the first time ever. They are not just watching  history being made; they are watching a barrier fall down, a path open  up, and a new future that seems more possible than ever before.   You know, I first ran for office because I watched the Supreme Court  process and I was frustrated. Today, I am no less energized, but for a  very different reason. Today, I am excited. I am inspired, even. And I  hope people across our country watching this are as well.   I hope a future Senator or a future Justice or even a future  President is able to talk about what this moment meant to them and what  doors Justice Jackson opened for others. I am thrilled to be voting yes  on this nomination, and I strongly urge all of our colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   