 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from the great State  of Indiana for yielding, and I am still holding out for my honorary  Hoosier title.   Madam Speaker, this week we mark 1 year since Joe Biden was sworn in  as President and Commander in Chief of the United States. Now, there  are 525,600 minutes in a whole year, and somehow Biden has used every  single one of those minutes to diminish and destroy the strength of the  American economy, its workers, and our national security. During the  first year of the Biden Presidency, America has faced more COVID deaths  than in the prior year, a disastrous exit from Afghanistan of which we  are still getting Americans out, a 40-year high inflation rate, and so  much more.   Now, this country has spent the last year staring down a border  crisis that has gone unmanaged and a pandemic that has gone unabated.  In 2021 alone, there were over 1.7 million border encounters. Keep in  mind, the comparison of 500,000 or less the year prior. Now, while our  brave border agents were left underresourced and unsupported, this  administration first attempted to ignore the crisis then sought to  downplay the consequences. The so-called border czar, Vice President  Harris, refused to visit the border and see this crisis firsthand. This  amounted to criminal negligence, and Americans won't soon forget the  role that Biden and his administration played in dramatically weakening  America's national security.   Now, as millions of illegal immigrants poured over our southwest  border, COVID continued to sweep through the United States. The Biden  administration was caught flatfooted, once again, on testing capacity  nationwide and distribution of critical lifesaving therapeutic  treatments. In my home State of Florida, we had a fantastic monoclonal  antibody treatment program going, and the Federal Government stepped in  and stopped it. Why? Because they are threatened by the freedom. They  are threatened by the success. Over 440,000 Americans have lost their  lives to COVID-19 under the Biden administration. That is more than  when the pandemic began and the entire year of 2020.   Further, images of high gas prices at the pump and empty shelves at  the supermarket define the first year of the Biden Presidency. As our  Nation has grappled with a global pandemic, this administration has  stood on the sidelines while Americans have struggled to get basic  necessities. Every sector of the American economy has been hurt by  supply chain issues caused in part by abusive Chinese trade practices  and, also, weak administrative leadership.    On top of these mounting challenges, the Biden administration has put  the entirety of their political capital behind over $6 trillion worth  of so-called social justice spending bills meant to prop up failing  government programs and a liberal wish list of items. The economic  devastation from so much uncontrolled spending has already been felt in  historic levels of inflation and will certainly be burdening  generations of Americans to come.   This administration's first year in office has been a disaster from  top to bottom. Instead of working to change positively, Biden has  worked to change our country into a population of dependents because  that is, at the end of the day, what this administration is about:  Dependency and control.   We can take our country back, and we will. To Americans hurting in  the first 52 weeks of this administration, remember, November is  coming.   