 Reserving the right to object.   One of Congress's most basic jobs is the power of the purse.  Americans rely on this body to provide Federal funds for programs that  support national defense, small businesses, border defenses,  conservation of public lands, food assistance for the poor, and so much  more.   And as a longstanding member of the Appropriations Committee, I am  proud of the work that the Appropriations Committee has done to meet  the needs of this Nation. And as a senior Senator from New Hampshire,  when I talk to small business owners, educators, healthcare  professionals, community leaders across my State, it is unfortunate  that not all of the needs of our State are being met.   And for years, New Hampshire, like most small States in this country,  has received among the lowest apportionments in the country from  formula grant programs that are administered by our Federal Agencies.   Congress has long used earmarks or congressionally directed spending  to address funding gaps and inequities between the States. And, in  fact, Senator Judd Gregg--whom I had the pleasure of serving with both  when he was Governor and I was in the State senate and then when he was  in the Senate and I got elected--was a big supporter of congressionally  directed spending because he believed, like I do, that I know better  how money should be spent in New Hampshire than a bureaucrat here who  was making decisions about how to spend Federal dollars.   Congressionally directed spending levels the playing field for States  like New Hampshire, and even for Indiana, to ensure that our  communities can get their fair share to address our local needs.   Unfortunately, back in 2011, when Congress instituted a ban on  congressionally directed spending, we ceded the power of the purse to  unelected officials in the executive branch. And while I know that many  of these individuals are dedicated bureaucrats, they are public  servants. They don't necessarily understand the needs of New Hampshire  in the same way that I do as somebody who has represented that State  for decades.   So that is why I was very pleased that under the leadership of  Chairman Leahy and Ranking Member Shelby, Congress once again passed a  bipartisan bill to include congressionally directed spending in our  budget process.   And when we did that, the Appropriations Committee instituted some  major reforms to improve accountability and transparency in the process  of congressionally directed spending.   I am going to talk about some of those reforms because while I  appreciate the perspective of my colleague from Indiana, I think he has  not pointed out the reforms that exist in the process of  congressionally directed spending.   First of all, Members are required to certify that neither we nor any  member of our immediate family would financially benefit from the  requests that are made. Secondly, those congressionally directed  spending requests have to be made in writing and posted online by the  Member and the Appropriations Committee so that the public has every  opportunity to view the name and location of the project, the intended  recipient, and the purposes of that request. For example, the requests  for fiscal year 2023 are available online right now before they would  be available if this government, this administration, were determining  how to spend that money.   So the Senator from Indiana doesn't have to wait until those Senate  bills are posted to inspect congressionally directed spending projects.   The reforms also include a 1-percent cap on discretionary spending  for CDS items and a ban on congressionally directed spending items to  for-profit entities.   Finally, the Appropriations Committee requires the Government  Accountability Office to audit a sample of enacted congressionally  directed spending items to ensure that Congress is being held  accountable for these projects.   The chair and ranking member instituted these reforms to restore the  trust of the American people in the appropriations process, and I  believe it is  [[Page S3595]]  working. And I can tell you, as I travel around New Hampshire, it is  one of the things that I hear from people in our communities that they  are interested in.   They want to know about the appropriations process, and they want to  know what other opportunities are there to support initiatives that may  not fit within some grant program, that they may not be able to raise  money in the private sector for but that are very important for our  communities.   The resolution sponsored by the Senator from Indiana would require  the chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee to certify that not  just Senate earmarks have been disclosed but that all House earmarks  have been disclosed.   I think that bill is a solution in search of a problem. The House  already has its own rule that governs congressionally directed spending  items, and it is required to identify these items.   It knows what its Members have requested, and it is responsible for  disclosing them. Requiring the Senate to confirm that the House has  done its job before we can consider a message from the House is  unnecessary, and it could stop consideration of appropriations bills  before they ever get here.   The resolution sponsored by my colleague from Indiana would change  Senate rule 44 in ways that could have unintended consequences and  could delay critical funding for projects that are important in my home  State of New Hampshire and in so many States across this country.   So given all of those concerns, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 1:45  p.m., the Senate proceed to executive session and the Senate  immediately vote on confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 902, the  nomination of Shereef Elnahal.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   