 Madam President, I rise to discuss helping our  servicemembers exposed to toxic burn pits.   Let me tell you about U.S. Army SFC Heath Robinson. He was a strong,  healthy, fit combat medic who served tours in Kosovo and Iraq. When he  returned home, however, he began experiencing fatigue. He started  bleeding from his ears and nose and completely lost his voice.   After consulting multiple doctors, he and his wife were sitting in  the exam room waiting for test results when the doctor came in with  tears in his eyes. He explained that Sergeant Robinson had an extremely  rare form of stage IV lung cancer and exclaimed: What have you been  exposed to? Sergeant Robinson thought back to his tour in Iraq. He  remembered seeing and smelling smoke from pits the size of football  fields at his base near Baghdad.   While serving in Iraq, Afghanistan, and beyond, millions of U.S.  troops have lived and worked near burn pits. They are basically burning  trash heaps that the military has used for decades to dispose of  everything from human waste to trash and electronics and jet fuel, and  they spew forth many of the same dangerous toxins that were at Ground  Zero after 9/11.   The VA estimates that 3.5 million servicemembers were exposed to burn  pits around the world, many of them veterans who are now suffering from  permanent injuries and illnesses ranging from chronic bronchitis to  cancer. But when these veterans seek treatments, they face an often  unsurmountable burden of proof.   For SFC Heath Robinson, the VA denied him compensation and  prescription medications because it wasn't proven that burn pits were  the cause of his illness. Army Sergeant Robinson died in 2020. He was  only 39 years old.   I have heard from many veterans, servicemembers, and their families  who have also been raising the alarm about burn pits. Gina Cancelino of  New York told me about her husband Joseph, who was a Marine Corps  veteran, an NYPD sergeant, and a dad of two girls. In 2017, he  developed a very rare, very aggressive form of testicular cancer, as  well as thyroid cancer. He died in 2019 when he was just 52.   This is simply unacceptable. Our servicemembers risk their lives to  keep us safe. All they ask for is care in return, but our government  has failed them repeatedly. First, it was Agent Orange. Then, it was  the Blue Water Navy vets. Today, it is burn pits.   That is why, nearly 2 years ago, I started working with Jon Stewart,  John Feal, and a strong coalition of veterans service organizations to  craft the Presumptive Benefits for War Fighters Exposed to Burn Pits  and Other Toxins Act.   This bill forms the centerpiece of the Honoring Our PACT Act, which  has now been named in honor of Sergeant Robinson. The bottom line: It  would remove the unsurmountable and unreasonable burden of proof for  veterans to receive care. No longer would these selfless individuals  have to jump through hoops to get the care they actually have already  earned. No longer would they have to spend hours upon hours researching  the very diseases that are killing them. No longer would they have to  spend their own money on biopsies to prove their illnesses are  exposure-related and service-related. No longer would they be forced to  suffer or even die like Sergeant Robinson, Sergeant Cancelino, and so  many others as our Nation and government continue to fail them.   Now we have the opportunity to pass this bill here in this Chamber at  this moment in time. While we have incredible momentum, we still have  to make sure we get 60 votes on final passage. I have been meeting with  many of you to drum up the support we need for this critical bill to  get it over the finish line. Its passage will represent an enormous  victory for servicemembers and veterans across the country.    I am proud of the enormous progress we have made in this effort, and  I hope that all of my colleagues will join us in passing the PACT Act,  not only for Sergeants Robinson and Cancelino but for all of the brave  men and women who are still suffering and dying from their exposure to  burn pits while serving this country so honorably.   I yield the floor.   