 Madam President, last week, the Biden administration  announced their truly incomprehensible decision to suspend the use of  title 42 authority along the southern border. Now, this is just the  last in a long line of decisions that this White House has made that  defy both reason and a mountain of evidence suggesting they are about  to make a deadly mistake.   Even with those title 42 protections in place, this February was the  worst February for illegal immigration and border crossings in almost  20 years. The past year was the worst year for illegal border crossings  since at least 1960, and according to public reports, the Department of  Homeland Security predicts that it is only going to get worse. We will  soon see the crossings increase.   They are preparing for up to 18,000 attempted border crossings per  day. That is right--18,000 attempted crossings per day. Now, I want to  put this in perspective for you. About 90 percent of the 345 towns in  my State of Tennessee have a population smaller than 18,000 people-- smaller than the number of people DHS expects are going to try to enter  the country illegally every single day. This is chaos. This is border  chaos. Think about this: That is like a small Tennessee town every  single day of the week, of the month, of the year.   So we have to ask ourselves, how long can we sustain this? And when  we look at this border that is in chaos and 18,000 a day--a small town  a day coming into the country, trying to claim asylum, illegally  entering the country. And we have evidence that this is going to  escalate sooner rather than later. And this is the moment that the  Biden administration chooses to strip away one of the most important  and effective border control tools that we have at our disposal--take  it away just as we know that people are coming to the border in record  numbers.    And how do we know this? We know that the cartels are now working in  countries all across the globe. They are doing this because they are  saying: Hey, now you are really going to get in. Pay up. Make the  cartels richer because you know this, President Biden--he is all for  doing away with the border. He is all for opening that border up and  saying: Come on. Come on.   I think that we have to keep in mind a few things. Now, when you keep  that in mind--those 18,000 people a day--think about the new set of  statistics that we have coming from Border Patrol this month. So far  this year, CBP officers in Memphis have seized more than 2,500 pounds  of drugs. You know, I had a sheriff tell me: We used to look at drugs  in grams and ounces. Now it is all in pounds because of the quantities  coming across this border because of Joe Biden's policies.   During the last 2 weeks of March, officials in El Paso seized more  than 100 pounds of drugs and arrested 37 fugitives. Those fugitives  weren't petty criminals. Among them were a murderer, a pedophile, a  fraudster, a counterfeiter, and multiple drug dealers. Yes, that was 2  weeks, and that is what they had right there in El Paso. These are the  ones they could identify. And, in addition to the drugs, 37 fugitives  from justice were trying to enter our country and escape justice in  their country. It is an open door. This is dangerous--very dangerous.   On March 29, in a separate drug bust, Border Patrol seized more than  $400,000 worth of meth, fentanyl, and heroin. That is right. That was 1  day, one drug bust. And over the course of a 24-hour period ending on  March 30, Border Patrol stopped five migrant smuggling events and  arrested 140 people.   Now, I thought it was interesting that CBP chose to use the term  ``migrant smuggling'' for that one, but I think we should call it what  it is: It is human trafficking--5 human trafficking events, 1 day, 140  people.   You know, I just have to say, what in the world does this  administration think is going on at that border? Why will the President  not go down there? Why will he not empower people to do their job? Why  will he not build a wall, put surveillance, apprehend people, turn them  back? But to knowingly let them come into this country, to know that  cartels are working around the globe, that they are going to get rich  on this--it is kind of like the Biden bonus for the cartels. The doors  are open; bring them.   This is unbelievable--absolutely unbelievable. These drug dealers and  human traffickers spend their days running back and forth across that  border under the watchful eye of the cartels. The cartels are in  control on the  [[Page S1927]]  Mexico side of this border. You do not come across unless you have paid  the cartel.   And those cartels are going to use those 18,000 people, the  equivalent of a Tennessee town--90-percent of our towns are 18,000  people or less--coming across, being used by the cartels as human  shields. What kind of compassion is this? What kind of protection for  the American people is this? It is disgusting.   We know that these cartels are going to be able to push these people  into the interior, and then those people are going to lose themselves  in this wave of humanity, because that is what they have been doing for  the past 15 months.   Meanwhile, here in Washington, Democrats have spent 15 months  attacking border security as a racist barrier to their open borders  agenda. Their spin isn't rooted in reality, but neither is their  current ambition to throw open the border in the name of optics. I want  to be clear here. If the Democrats indeed abandon title 42, they might  bump up their approval numbers with the liberal base, but they are also  inviting a humanitarian catastrophe on a massive scale.    Yes, indeed, as I was out in East Tennessee, up on the Upper  Cumberland Plateau, this Friday, what I heard from every single law  enforcement officer, every county mayor was that, now, because of the  human trafficking, the gangs, drug trafficking, sex trafficking, every  single town is a border town. Every State is a border State, because  all these people coming across the border are coming to your community  with their drugs, with their gangs. And if we empower the cartels and  open the floodgates to drug dealers and human traffickers, we are not  just putting our own communities at risk, we are endangering the  thousands of women and children that these criminals are hiding behind  because they are trafficking them. So much for their optics.   I think it is clear by now that the Biden administration is almost  entirely controlled by the activists who helped him gain power. When  people back home ask me to describe what it is like working in the  Senate these days, I tell them it feels like a food fight between  liberal special interest groups. The Democrats are just throwing  spaghetti against the wall, waiting to see what sticks.   Now, they have made a real mess, but they can't seem to gain traction  on anything. So why is that? Well, because the reality of the situation  in New York and California and Illinois tells the people all they need  to know about what is in store for the country if the Democrats get  what they want.   They are working with a truly miserable track record. Take a look at  it: 7.9 percent inflation. The prices are going up, whether it is at  the gas pump or the grocery store. Zero commitment to border security-- we are seeing that played out in realtime. Embassies in Afghanistan and  Ukraine are left to rot. That is right. He pulled people out. He pulled  people out and left a lot of our people behind--and a nominee for the  Supreme Court who is proudly untethered to the Constitution.   Joe Biden really has earned that 55 percent disapproval rating;  hasn't he?   Unlike our friends in the mainstream media who think this is all a  joke, the American people are taking this very seriously. For them,  common sense isn't political. It is practical, and it is necessary.  They don't need an activist or a journalist or a comedian to tell them  what they believe. They know everything that Joe Biden and his  administration and the Democrat control of the House and Senate-- everything they have touched has turned to dust, is on a downward  slide--everything. Just look at this. Look at what they have done in a  very short period of time.   They also know, when it comes to our Supreme Court Justice nominee-- people in Tennessee know what a woman is. They don't need a biologist  to tell them. They know that reckless government spending is making  their life more expensive every day and, in some cases, unaffordable.  And they know full well because many of them have worked, been a part  of our military, volunteered to serve. They are people who have come  home, and they are working in law enforcement. They know and will tell  you that peace comes through strength, not through surrender, and they  are not going to tolerate a government that claims ignorance of all  this, that wants to do happy talk and say: Everything is going to be  just fine. Don't believe your eyes. Don't believe your eyes. Don't  believe that price at the gas pump. Oh, the grocery store shelves, they  are full--even though the produce aisles may be mostly empty.   They know that the woke mob is knocking at their door, and they know  the consequences and what it means to them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   