 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me  time to speak on this critical issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to defeat the previous  question so we can take up H.R. 6858, the American Energy Independence  from Russia Act. This commonsense legislation introduced by  Representatives McMorris Rodgers and Westerman would require President  Biden to submit an energy security plan to Congress to evaluate U.S.  oil and natural gas imports, identify importing countries that pose an  energy security risk to America, and encourage domestic production of  oil and natural gas to offset imports from Russia.   In fact, in contrast to our colleague's statement, Iowa is a leader  in renewable energy. Fifty percent of our energy comes from renewable  sources. We even pay restaurants for their unused and old cooking oil.  We are an energy exporter, and it is all done without a government  mandate. All of the oil imported from Russia could be offset by ethanol  made from corn in Iowa.   In order for the U.S. to become energy independent and secure, we  must have an all-of-the-above energy policy. We must unleash our  natural resources and produce our own clean, efficient energy here at  home to ensure low energy prices and promote American jobs in our  communities.   Rather than promoting policies that hamper U.S. energy production and  ceding security to adversarial nations like Russia, Iran, and  Venezuela, we should promote exploration here at home and unleash our  potential. We must ensure that the current ban on Russian energy is  sustainable by prioritizing U.S. energy production, including biofuels.   Just last week, the President released a budget proposal that  included $45 billion on new taxes on domestic energy production. This  comes on top of other disastrous decisions over the past year and a  half such as those that halt the Keystone XL pipeline and the current  delay over the 5-year program for offshore energy leasing in the Gulf  of Mexico. These policies are not working for hardworking American  families and businesses who are dealing with high inflation and  skyrocketing gas prices.   The American Independence from Russia Act would immediately approve  the Keystone XL pipeline, remove restrictions on U.S. LNG exports,  restart oil and gas leasing on Federal lands and waters, and protect  energy and mineral development. These are key steps we can take to  promote U.S. energy security, and we must take action now.   For this reason, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  previous question. Support H.R. 6858 to make America energy independent  and secure by voting ``no'' on the previous question.   