 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Medical  Marijuana Research Act, legislation that would modernize Federal rules  and procedures to facilitate additional medical research into the  impacts of medical marijuana.   We have seen dramatic changes in the legal status of marijuana at the  State level, my State included. Sales of recreational marijuana began  in my home State of Michigan in 2019, and medical marijuana is now  legal in 37 States. However, the Federal framework for conducting  marijuana research is decades old and has not kept pace with these  changes.   Currently, scientists in the United States looking to conduct  research on marijuana must contend with a heavy-handed, duplicative  registration and licensure process. Additionally, researchers are  limited to using marijuana grown at a single location overseen by the  National Institute on Drug Abuse at the University of Mississippi.   Collectively, these outdated, bureaucratic barriers and Federal  roadblocks greatly limit our understanding of the health impacts of  marijuana and prevent qualified researchers from engaging in further  study.   The Medical Marijuana Research Act will modernize the cumbersome  process by streamlining marijuana research registration applications.  It will also direct FDA to issue guidelines on the production of  marijuana and ensure that adequate amounts are available for research.   The legislation also mandates a comprehensive review of the available  body of research on marijuana by the Secretary of Health and Human  Services 5 years after enactment.   I thank my colleagues, Representatives Blumenauer, Harris, Norton,  Cohen, Griffith, Barbara Lee, and Case, who led this with me to get  this legislation passed.   Additionally, I recognize Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member Rodgers  of Washington, as well as the Energy and Commerce Committee staff, for  their very thoughtful input and efforts.   Madam Speaker, it is high time we modernize our Nation's Federal  regulations to facilitate legitimate medical research into the impacts  of marijuana, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   