 Mr. President, as the current ranking member of the U.S.  Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works--EPW--Committee, I  submit these comments to provide the Senate with additional information  on the existing domestic authority to phasedown the production and  consumption of hydrofluorocarbons, HFCs. The EPW Committee has  jurisdiction over air pollution, and in the 116th Congress, managed the  development of the domestic authority to implement the Kigali  Amendment, See 218 Cong. Rec. S7926, daily ed. Dec. 21. 2020, statement  of then-EPW Chairman John Barrasso, then-EPW Ranking Member Tom Carper,  and Sen. John Kennedy).   As the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations clearly states in Senate  Executive Report 117-2, no further legislation is required to implement  the Kigali Amendment and the Amendment is not self-executing. New  authority is not granted to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency-- EPA--through ratification.   In section 103 in division S of the Consolidated Appropriations Act,  2021, the American Innovation and Manufacturing--AIM--Act of 2020, P.L.  116-260, was enacted. That law established a new, national program  administered by the EPA to phasedown the production and consumption of  certain HFC substances due to their significant global warming  potential. Specifically, the AIM Act requires the EPA to implement an  85 percent phasedown of the production and consumption of regulated HFC  substances, requiring levels to reach approximately 15 percent of their  2011-2013 average annual levels by 2036.   The AIM Act provides all the necessary authorities to phasedown the  production and consumption of HFCs in the United States in line with  U.S. obligations under the Kigali Amendment and is already being  implemented by the EPA. In October 2021, the EPA issued a final rule  establishing the allowance allocation for 2022 and 2023, along with  establishing a trading program for HFCs. 86 Fed. Reg. 55,116, Oct. 5,  2021. As stated in that final agency action, the Kigali Amendment and  the AIM Act have ``a nearly identical list of HFCs to be phased down  following the same schedule,'' Id. at 55,124. The EPA is currently  developing regulations to update allowance allocations and the trading  program for 2024 and later years.   I thank my colleagues at the U.S. Senate committee on Foreign  Relations for providing a clear Congressional statement that no new  legislation is required and that the Kigali Amendment is not self- executing. As Congress has already enacted the required domestic  implementing legislation, I support ratification.   