 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for leading us on  this topic, once again, because this is such an important topic to get  out to the American people. Just listening to the gentleman from  Georgia speak about this being a national security crisis, that is  exactly what this is. We are not a secure nation without secure  borders.   I live in Colorado, and my State is a border State right now with all  of the illegal aliens. We are up to 2.5 million who have been  apprehended at the southern border, not including the 700,000 gotaways  that went past CBP and were not apprehended, probably because they did  not want to come into contact with CBP.   Who knows what kind of history they have?   Just like Congressman Good spoke on, we don't know who is coming  across our southern border. It is estimated that if this pace keeps up  under Biden's tenure, we will have 8 to 10 million illegal aliens in  our country by the time he leaves office.   This is absolutely absurd.   And now what?   I serve on the Budget Committee; and everyone is wanting more money  right now, more money from the American taxpayer. We can't say where  the money went in Afghanistan. We can't talk about the $86 billion in  weaponry and equipment that was left behind. The southern border has  millions of dollars being spent each and every day on a border wall  that is not being built.   Secretary Mayorkas was here today testifying in front of this body,  and he says that there are millions of dollars being spent on this wall  that is not being built, and they want more money--not to secure the  southern border though, but to process and release more quickly.   This is not what we need to be spending the American taxpayer dollars  on. Customs and Border Patrol agents are not travel agents. Secretary  Mayorkas needs to be held accountable for what is going on.   I just want to say one thing, he did mention that it is Congress'  responsibility to fix what is happening at the southern border. Well,  we want to do that. We want to be a part of the solution. We want to  secure our border, stop the human trafficking, and stop the flow of  fentanyl that is coming into our country killing record amounts of  Americans. We want this to end. We want our Nation secure.   That is why we have the title 42 discharge petition, to force a vote  on the House floor under Speaker Pelosi's House of Representatives  where she won't voluntarily bring that up. We want to be a part of the  solution.   I am proud to be serving with Members here speaking about this and  informing the American citizens back home, and I thank the chairman for  doing this tonight.    Mr. Speaker, so many times we are accused of being  callous and heartless toward the people who are coming across our  border. But I attended a naturalization ceremony in my district, and it  was one of the most beautiful things I have ever experienced. I saw 41  true new Americans. They held in their hand the American flag. Tears  streamed down their faces. They invested their heart, their soul, their  resources, and their minds because they know they have what it takes to  do this the right way and make this a more perfect Union.   I saw the conviction that that flag right there, to them, is the one  universal symbol for liberty and justice for all.   There is a right way to do this, and we have to keep America free and  secure so people can come and live the American Dream.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding to me tonight.   