 Madam Speaker, I thank the Representative, Mr.  Raskin, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Today, we are here to discuss a rule providing for consideration of  H.R. 903, the Rights for the TSA Workforce Act; H.R. 5129, the  Community Services Block Grant Modernization Act of 2022; and H.R.  2499, the Federal Firefighters Fairness Act, which would provide needed  benefits to firefighters and other Federal workers suffering from  occupation-related diseases and simplifies the process of providing  care and benefits for these workers to ensure they will not be caught  up in bureaucratic red tape. Finally, the rule provides for  consideration of a supplemental appropriation to Ukraine to ensure that  they have the necessary funds to counter Russian aggression.   The community services block grant, or CSBG, aims to reduce poverty  by improving economic security for low-income individuals and creating  economic opportunities in their communities. This program has not been  updated since 1998 and is in dire need of reform, but H.R. 5129 fails  to accomplish that goal.   It continues to let States set the benchmarks for progress and allows  ineffective programs to continue receiving taxpayer dollars.   It increases the income thresholds to 200 percent above the Federal  poverty line, stretching Federal resources thinner and effectively  robbing those most in need of help.   It allows grantees to use their facilities for voter registration,  completely distracting from the program's goal to fight poverty and  risking the introduction of partisan activity into nonpartisan efforts.   Worst of all, this bill cuts existing protections for faith-based  charities. Without these protections, organizations that have fought  poverty for years could be forced to remove their faithful beliefs from  their work if they  [[Page H4766]]  want to continue providing important poverty relief. Why would we want  to limit the number of organizations participating in this cause?   H.R. 903, the Rights for the TSA Workforce Act, has so many flaws, I  don't have time to mention them all. This bill goes against Congress'  intent when it enacted the Aviation and Transportation Security Act to  create the Transportation Security Administration, or the TSA, in  November 2001 following the 9/11 terror attacks.    At the time, Congress recognized the importance of providing unique  authorities to ensure that TSA could carry out its national security  mission. Converting all 60,000 TSA employees into title 5 would limit  that flexibility.   Under ATSA, the agency may exercise one-step removal for serious  offenses such as intentional security breaches, theft, failure of drug  and alcohol tests while on duty, or arrests for certain criminal  offenses. Under H.R. 903, an employee who knowingly allows guns or  explosives through a security checkpoint may no longer be immediately  fired.   Furthermore, under this bill, matters of national security could be  negotiable under collective bargaining negotiations. The flexibility  that Congress intended for TSA would allow for the imposition of, for  example, enhanced screening procedures based on credible threats. Under  this bill, the implementation of new security requirements could be  subject to negotiation with the union.   If the national security implications are not enough, how about the  fact that TSA employees could actually lose benefits under this bill?  If H.R. 903 becomes law, employees could lose the ability to trade  shifts with one another, donate leave to their colleagues, and receive  certain incentive pay. Some overtime pay would be prohibited, and  current career milestone bonuses could no longer be offered.   Finally, this bill forces employees to unionize under AFGE  specifically so employees wouldn't even get to choose their labor  representation. This bill does not allow for an intervening union  election and would require the DHS Secretary to consult with AFGE on  leave benefits, additional pay, and incentives and bonuses for all TSA  employees, now a 60,000-person workforce.   Everyone here, I am sure, is thankful for TSA and wants their  employees to be satisfied with their working conditions. But that is a  question of Congress prioritizing for that purpose, not an inflexible,  forced unionization to appease the majority's base.   I urge my colleagues to heed the recommendations of the Blue Ribbon  Panel, a bipartisan group of former officials that strongly recommended  against moving TSA personnel under title 5.   Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule and ask Members to do the same. I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  Representative from Texas (Mr. Burgess).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Georgia (Mrs. Greene).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to immediately consider a bill that would block the Biden  administration's effort to establish a so-called Disinformation  Governance Board.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record along with any extraneous material immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, policing of the First Amendment  protected speech has no place in this country. Yet, the Biden  administration, unsatisfied with their big tech and their mainstream  media allies' efforts to control criticism of their disastrous agenda,  have decided to propose a government-sanctioned, taxpayer-funded  ministry of truth. This not only runs contrary to the values of our  Nation but is likely unconstitutional and Congress should play no part  in its creation. In fact, Congress should come together to uphold the  constitutional principles that the best weapon against speech we don't  like is not censure; it is more speech.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Katko) to further speak on the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Pfluger).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to comment a little bit. There have been  some complaints that our speakers on our side of the aisle here are not  addressing the issues in Ukraine and the bill that has been presented  to us this afternoon. But right now we are talking about the rule, and  we are dealing with procedures for what will happen the rest of this  week.   This is a rules debate, and we will get to the substance of the issue  and the debate on each of the bills that we are talking about right  now. I am sure, I know that our Members will be talking about the  Ukraine bill and some of the concerns and some of the positives about  that bill with all of the time that is allotted for those debates later  today. I am sure that there will be great discussion about each of the  bills at great length.   In the meantime, there is great concern regarding the Disinformation  Governance Board, and I think that this body needs to discuss that.  That is why we bring it up.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule and the previous question, I ask  Members to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   