 Mr. Speaker, real life is quite different from  television or political buffoonery. Half of gun murders in the United  States go unsolved. Victims are too often left with no justice and  their families with little support.   Who amongst us believes that murderers or violent criminals should  not be arrested and prosecuted to the full extent of the law? I pray,  Mr. Speaker, that no one in this Chamber really believes that.  [[Page H8098]]    But, today, we will witness with our own eyes who actually wants to  fund the police. I learned a long time ago, don't just listen to what  they say but watch what they do.   As a former law enforcement officer, I vividly recall being on the  scene of young people dead as a result of violence, knowing that their  families would soon receive devastating news. We all know that there  will be more families who receive those calls. I want to make sure that  there are experts, trained and ready, who can help them through those  horrible moments.   Mr. Speaker, I saw as a detective, a detective sergeant, and a chief  of police that violent crimes require a coordinated and professional  response to ensure a word that we really need to get familiar with in  this Chamber, and that word is ``justice.''   We know that far too many police departments just do not have the  resources they need to solve these heinous crimes. That is why I  introduced the VICTIM Act.   I have even heard one of my former law enforcement colleagues suggest  that the Department of Justice has already provided enough resources.   Let me be clear about what this bill does. This legislation provides  additional Federal resources for State, Tribal, and local law  enforcement agencies to make sure that our men and women in blue-- remember, back the blue--have the support they need to do their jobs,  that survivors of violent crime have the support they need to try, Mr.  Speaker, to rebuild.   But this is not a blank check. This funding must specifically be used  for the hiring and training of detectives and victim support  specialists.   Further, recipients would be required to regularly report how the  money was spent and how it affected clearance rates for homicides and  nonfatal shootings.   The National Institute of Justice will evaluate these reports and see  what works and see what did not work. We are demanding results, or at  least we should be because our communities are demanding results.    As the chief of police in Orlando, we were laser- focused on reducing violent crimes. I ask my colleagues who like to  talk about violent crime to join us in reducing violent crime. We were  able to do so because we had the resources to do so.   This legislation is supported by the FOP, the National Organization  of Black Law Enforcement Executives, the Major Cities Chiefs  Association, the National Policing Institute, and the National  Association of Police Organizations.    Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join us in backing the blue.   