 Mr. President, I do know that lawmakers on both sides of  the aisle support high-quality charter schools because they are an  important part of many States' public school system, which is why I  come to the floor today to urge my colleagues to vote against the  resolution.   I want to be clear: This resolution will cause unnecessary chaos,  undermine simple accountability measures to ensure that our Federal  funds are well spent and delay funding from supporting new, high- quality charter schools and the students that they would serve.   Earlier this year, after responding to over 25,000 comments from  charter schools, parent organizations, and others, the Biden  administration issued their final rule laying out various criteria for  Federal charter school grants. This is a common step in administrating  the charter school program--one the previous administration took as  well. And the latest rule included some commonsense ideas to increase  community and parent involvement, to strengthen the fiscal transparency  to make sure that taxpayer dollars are being used properly.   The goal of the rule is simple: to help make sure our Federal dollars  support high quality charter schools. Passing this resolution now would  upend a balanced rule that is a result of months of careful work from  the Department of Education.   The Biden administration has already used this rule to issue 12  awards now, totaling $65 million across 11 States, and it is currently  now in the middle of a grant competition, which charter school  management organizations are now applying for.   So let's not disrupt the plans of Mississippi and Tennessee and  Georgia and the other States that have already received awards under  the new rule and that were counting on that funding. That is not fair.  It is not good for schools, teachers, parents, or students.   So I hope no one here wants to see our schools disrupted,  accountability  [[Page S7162]]  weakened, or learning undermined, which is why I am here today to urge  everyone to join me in voting against this resolution and to work with  me and the Department of Education to continue to support high-quality  charter schools, while improving oversight and transparency of our  Federal funds.   I yield the floor.   