 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of H.R.  302, Preventing a Patronage System Act. And the reason why I do so is  that the executive branch needs to function in a way that helps the  administration, the current President of the United States.   President Trump had an executive order to make a section called  schedule F, where employees could be terminated. This is very  important, and the reason why I say so is I am also a businessowner.  And it is very important for any businessowner, any CEO, anyone running  a company, to be able to terminate people working under them.   This is an important function of the executive branch. Preventing a  Patronage System Act takes that away. It makes it to where they can put  people into positions where you cannot fire them. That is wrong. This  is not how the government should be working. It shouldn't be putting  people in places, unelected bureaucrats, into positions and jobs where  they cannot be terminated. Anyone should be fired.   You see, there is a reason why the American people call Washington  D.C. the swamp, and it is not just because it is built on a swamp. It  is called the swamp for a reason; because the American people see the  government as a place where they call swamp creatures; they think they  never leave.   In doing so, the Preventing a Patronage System Act, this bill will  formally make it a Federal law in order to just make that happen.   You see, we really need a system in place. We need to make sure that  we don't pass Federal laws where people cannot be fired. It should  never be the case.   People should be fired if they are not doing a good job. People  should be fired if they are not doing things effectively for the  administration they work for. The President of the United States should  be able to fire whoever he or she wants.   The Democrats want to pass this bill to empower Democrat operatives;  people that they have hired; people that they have put in their  administration; they want to make sure those Democrat operatives are  there to be able to undermine the next Republican President of the  United States. That should not be a Federal law.   And as a businessowner, I am telling you, it is so important to be  able to fire people in your company that aren't doing a good job. And  it should be no different for any President. The executive branch must  be able to have people working there that can be terminated.   Everyone knows the movie ``Pirates of the Caribbean.'' And on the  ``Black Pearl''--that is the second one--it has pirates on the ship  that become part of the ship walls. Effectively, that is what H.R. 302  is doing.   The Preventing a Patronage System Act will make employees in the  executive branch just that, part of the building walls, making it  impossible to get rid of them.   So, for this reason, I oppose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to  vote against it.   