 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Guthrie for  yielding me time.   I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5376, the Inflation Reduction Act.   As a physician and former director of the Iowa Department of Public  Health, I am uniquely positioned to understand the true implications of  this bill and how this bill will affect both doctors and patients, and  rural Iowans are no exception.   Interestingly, I just heard my colleague talk about how families may  be kicked off their healthcare, and it doesn't seem to me that my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle cared about that when they  passed the Affordable Care Act and premiums rose dramatically.   Allowing the Federal Government to set limits on drug pricing will  limit competition and drastically reduce innovation within the  pharmaceutical industry. Innovation also comes even after FDA approval  to determine if drugs can be used for more than just their initial  purpose.   Additionally, narrowing the drug formulary by drug pricing through  Medicare and negotiations will end up taking medications that you may  already be prescribed and taking successfully, taking them off of the  formulary and not being covered.   Let me also illustrate, when Medicare part D went into effect, the  fact that there was not a negotiation by Medicare allowed generic drugs  as low as $4 a medication. That was tremendously helpful to millions of  seniors and continues to this day.   The United States is the leading developer of new drugs, but without  market competition, American companies will lose the incentive to  undergo cutting-edge research.   What does that mean to the average person? It means fewer cures for  rare diseases or debilitating diseases. Fewer cures, less treatment for  debilitating diseases.   Inevitably, the United States will become dependent on countries like  China for pharmaceutical research and development, and patients will be  limited in their options. Didn't we already see that through the  pandemic?   Additionally, this bill will extend ObamaCare subsidies enacted in  the American Rescue Plan, which do not have income restrictions. Rather  than helping those who are most in need, the wealthiest Americans will  continue to receive the largest average benefit.   This enormous spending package is bad for Iowans, bad for the  economy, bad for hardworking Americans, and bad for the future of  American innovation.   