 Madam Speaker, I thank our coanchor tonight,  Congresswoman Barbara Lee. I proudly join my colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus to commemorate the unbought and unbossed  legacy of Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm that lives on through each of  us.   I would like to thank Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee for being our  anchor of the Special Order hour, and yielding tonight to let  Congresswoman Barbara Lee open up this special session on Shirley  Chisholm.   Before I make just a few brief remarks, let me just say, as we just  heard Congresswoman Barbara Lee say, as Shirley Chisholm referred to  her as ``that little girl,'' oh, how proud she would be today knowing  that little girl is now the woman that we say, ``Barbara Lee speaks for  me.''   She is the woman that spearheaded putting Shirley Chisholm's face on  a stamp. And every day Congresswoman Barbara Lee, through her stellar  and magnificent leadership, guides us in the footsteps of Shirley  Chisholm. Certainly, she is unbought and unbossed.   So to you, Congresswoman Barbara Lee, I say thank you for allowing us  to stand on your shoulders. Thank you for when you walk in the room,  whether it is steering in policy, whether it is Appropriations or any  of the other committees, you always carry members with you. And that is  what Shirley Chisholm has done for this Nation.   And so now, let me say what you will hear repeatedly tonight: The  first Black woman elected to the United States Congress, you will hear  that she is the first Black woman to seek nomination as President of  these United States from one of the two major political powers.  Certainly, she left us a legacy that lives on; a legacy that we are so  proud of.   What I would like to say to everyone watching, Madam Speaker,  especially for mothers and daughters, think of what it must have been  like to stand in the Halls of justice where we are standing today,  where she was standing alone. Think what it must have been like for her  when she stood on that Democratic national floor at that convention,  giving such a powerful speech, far ahead of her time when she held up  those two fingers that we see so often, and that we today stand on her  shoulders.    Lastly, Madam Speaker, it gives me a great privilege to walk these  Halls of Congress and to be the chair of the Congressional Black  Caucus. When I walk down the Halls of justice, I say to Congresswoman  Sheila Jackson Lee, that I think about standing on the shoulders of  Barbara Jordan. I think about what it was like to have a Shirley  Chisholm and a Barbara Jordan. But then, Madam Speaker, I know what it  is like, it is having a Barbara Lee and a Sheila Jackson Lee, and that  is what tonight is about.   When I walk by that life-sized portrait of Congresswoman Shirley  Chisholm, I think about her courage. I think about her leadership. I  think about what we will tell every little Black girl in America. You  too can be a Shirley Chisholm. You too can stand up for justice. You  too can be in the fight representing the people who need us the most.   In conclusion, I say the two most powerful words that I was taught to  say, and that is thank you. Thank you to these Halls of Congress for  letting us have a Shirley Chisholm. Thank you members of the  Congressional Black Caucus for coming out tonight to honor her great  legacy because it is not just about this Special Order hour tonight. It  is about our future. It is about how we continue to live the legacy of  Shirley Chisholm.   