 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Grijalva for  bringing my bipartisan, bicameral bill to the floor. And I thank my  Republican colleagues for supporting the same.   H.R. 6201, the National Liberty Memorial Preservation Act, would  extend authorization of the National Liberty Memorial, a monument to  honor the Black and Indigenous soldiers who risked everything in the  name of the American experiment.   If not for the sacrifices of Black and Indigenous soldiers, we may  not be the independent Nation that we are today. By the time the  Continental Army marched to victory in Yorktown, these soldiers made up  a quarter of George Washington's forces.   I am willing to bet that many Americans don't know this because,  until recently, I certainly didn't. That is because, at best, the  teaching of the Revolutionary War fails to highlight the contributions  of soldiers of color and, at worst, it actively whitewashes them.   To wipe these soldiers from the story of our independence is to  falsify the historical record. In our current moment, where fundamental  truths about our history are under attack, we must right this wrong.  Black and Indigenous soldiers sacrificed too much to be erased from the  narrative of our Nation's war for independence. I authored the National  Liberty Memorial Preservation Act on their behalf.   I thank Congresswoman Hinson and Senators Murphy and Grassley for  joining me in introducing this legislation. I also thank National  Liberty Memorial Fund D.C. for agreeing to build the memorial.   I hope that, in addition to educating the public and honoring  soldiers of color, this memorial will illustrate the importance of  teaching the complete, honest truth about our history. I hope that it  allows Black children, like my granddaughter, to grow up in an America  where the trials and tribulations and triumphs of their ancestors are  recognized. By telling the full story of our past, we can pave the way  for a more inclusive future.   I am very proud to support and urge the passage of this bicameral and  bipartisan legislation. And I do pray that my colleagues, Democratic  and Republican alike, will vote ``yes'' on the National Liberty  Memorial Preservation Act.   