 Mr. President, something I have been hearing a lot  lately from members of the media, from many of my Democratic colleagues  here in the Senate, and even from the President of the United States is  that democracy is at stake, that democracy will die if we don't make  drastic changes to our election system, that we are just one election  away from the end of the experiment our Founders began in 1776.   If my colleagues really believe that our democracy is teetering on  the edge of the cliff, that it is going to fall over the edge unless we  transform the way we run elections across the entire country, then they  need to be able to tell the American people why. But, instead, all I am  hearing from Democrats--even from the President, himself--is that  democracy is on its deathbed; that Americans are no better than George  Wallace or Jefferson Davis if they dare to question that; and that the  only solution is for one party to rewrite the rules of the U.S. Senate  to pass a completely partisan Federal takeover of State and local  elections. Those are truly some wild claims.   If you take these assertions at face value, I can see why some  Americans might be concerned about the State of voting rights in this  country, but not a word of what they are saying is true.   The good news is that most people live in the real world, where  America shattered records for voter turnout in the 2020 election and 66  percent of eligible voters cast a ballot, the highest level in 120  years. That translates to 156 million Americans, the most in history.   In my State of Nebraska, 76 percent of voters cast a ballot in the  last election. We have been proud to be a no-excuse State for absentee  voting for years since long before the pandemic. We have that law  because we want to make it easier for Nebraskans to vote. And there are  many other States that don't require voters to provide a reason before  voting by mail, not just Nebraska.   Across the country, turnout was up in the last election, regardless  of race, class, or any other demographic. And according to Pew  Research, 94 percent of 2020 voters said voting was easy. Yet Democrats  still say voter suppression is rampant in the United States. The  logical response to that is to ask: OK, where?   In Georgia, Democrats say.   After Georgia passed a new law last year, things have apparently  gotten so bad that the President picked Atlanta to give a recent speech  on the issue. But if you listened to President Biden's speech, you  might have noticed that he barely talked about the Georgia law at all.  And when he did, he twisted the law into an unrecognizable caricature,  into Jim Crow in the 21st century. He has shamelessly and intentionally  misrepresented the Georgia law for months, and his speech last week was  no different.   But something he didn't say in his speech is that the Georgia law  extends early voting to 2\1/2\ weeks. That is longer than blue States  like California and New York, and it is longer than the President's  home State of Delaware, which currently allows for zero early-voting  days. Maybe he should have given that speech at his house in Delaware  instead of in Georgia. And he didn't say the language in the Georgia  bill that requires voter ID for absentee ballots is very similar to a  bill that passed the Senate almost unanimously in 2002, the Help  America Vote Act, with President Biden voting in favor.   So if the Georgia law is the best Democrats can do, then there is  simply no evidence for the idea that Republican State legislatures  around the country are trying to restrict voting rights.   With that in mind, here is a friendly suggestion for the President.  If he truly believes, in spite of all that, that democracy itself is at  stake in a way it has never been before, the last thing he should want  is for the voting laws of all 50 States to be overseen by the  Department of Justice and a partisan Attorney General. That power  should remain with State-level secretaries of state, State  legislatures, nonpartisan local officials--anyone but one official at  one Department in one branch of the Federal Government. In other words,  he should want exactly the election system we have now. Our  decentralized system, with buy-in from a diverse group of voices, is  what allowed States to adapt to the pandemic and achieve voter turnout,  a record turnout in 2020.   But the Democrats' Federal election takeover would give the U.S.  Attorney General the power to oversee every State's electoral process,  and it would turn the Federal Government into a piggy bank for our  House candidates. Everyone running for election in the House of  Representatives would have access to Federal money through a new  program designed to help them fund their campaigns. The Federal  Government would match contributions 6 to 1, meaning money that belongs  to taxpayers would go to politicians with views that many of those  taxpayers may oppose.   This partisan takeover would require States to allow felons to vote  once they are out of prison, overruling the States that already have  laws in place preventing this. And if Democrats have their way, they  will mandate that every single State offer same-day registration at  every polling place in the Nation. If you live in a State that has  decided that that is not a good idea, well, too bad.   Mr. President, it is clear that the majority leader wants to get rid  of the filibuster to accomplish all of this, but what Democrats are  trying to do in Congress right now is the best argument I could ever  imagine for keeping the filibuster. Think about it this way. Let's say  we are talking about before the 2020 election and I told you that  Republicans would retain the Presidency and the Senate and we would win  back the House, but the Senate would be split 50-50 and we would barely  have a majority in the House.   In fact, Republicans are going to have the slimmest majority in  Congress in more than a century. But guess what: Republicans are going  to try to pass bills that most Americans don't fully support anyway,  and we are going to dismantle a rule that has promoted bipartisanship  and compromise in this body for nearly 200 years to accomplish it.   And be honest, you would say that is outrageous, and you would be  right. It is outrageous. You would be begging those of us on the other  side of the aisle to leave the filibuster untouched. And if you think  way, way back into the past--all the way back to 2017 and 2018-- Republicans were in the same situation that Democrats are in now. We  had a Republican President and majorities in both Chambers of Congress.  We had bigger majorities than the Democrats have today.  [[Page S314]]    The former President even outright asked us to abolish the  filibuster, and that brought many, many Democrats to the floor praising  the filibuster, saying it should never be abolished.   But we didn't abolish it for the simple reason that burning down 200  years of bipartisan history for a few temporary victories is  shortsighted, at best, and institutional arson, at worst.   And don't think that by presenting this talking filibuster Americans  won't see the Democrats' efforts for what they really are--a ploy to  abolish the 60-vote threshold for legislation, to abolish the need for  bipartisanship, because, in reality, it will only take a majority vote  to pass controversial bills.   Nebraskans can certainly see through this. In Nebraska, State  senators have to speak on the floor to filibuster a bill before our  legislature, but to overcome the filibuster in Nebraska, you need two- thirds of senators to vote to end debate, not the simple majority that  Leader Schumer has proposed before this body today.   Nebraskans have benefited from the consensus-building and the  moderation in developing good legislation that this rule promotes for  nearly 100 years. We know that it works. The 60-vote threshold in the  U.S. Senate does exactly the same thing for all Americans. So I urge my  Democratic colleagues: Don't abolish the filibuster.   And if Democrats won't listen to reason from Republicans, they should  listen to the President himself.   When he was a Senator, he said: ``At its core, the filibuster is not  about stopping a nominee or a bill, it's . . . about compromise and  moderation.''   He has forgotten that now, but that doesn't mean his colleagues who  are still here have to forget it. Senate Democrats were happy to use  the legislative filibuster hundreds of times under President Trump.   Not so long ago, it was ``the most important distinction between the  House and the Senate,'' and without it, the Senate would become ``much  more subject to the winds of short-term electoral change.'' That was  the now-majority leader, and he was 100 percent correct.   But now the Democrats are in power, and they have changed their  minds. Today, the filibuster is not only no longer essential, but  anyone who supports keeping it is called a racist. That is truly  incredible, and it is offensive.   The Democrats who supported the filibuster a few years ago clearly  weren't being truthful, and they aren't being truthful now about the  state of voting rights in this country.   The problem they are responding to simply doesn't exist, and the  solution they have for this imaginary problem would do lasting harm to  our democracy. I will be voting against this partisan takeover of our  elections.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from West Virginia.   