 Mr. Speaker, as a 20-year veteran myself, it is an honor  to stand before you today. I would say that the urgency of what our  veterans are facing should not be lost on this body: Autoimmune  disorders, cancer, chronic disease, respiratory issues, infertility,  and organ failure are just a few in a lengthy list of conditions  associated with toxins during military service.   Why should our veterans, who risked their lives on the battlefield,  now have to battle for their healthcare when they return home?   There should be no question of our commitment to the veterans who  voluntarily served our Nation without hesitation. This body should not  hesitate to pass this legislation, the Honoring our PACT Act. I am  proud to serve a district that has such a strong military and veteran  presence.   Nearly one out of every six people in Virginia's Second Congressional  District is a veteran and even more of their family members. Many of  those veterans come from the Gulf war era, with 42 percent of them  having served in the post-9/11 era. My presence at this podium today  reconfirms my unwavering commitment to all of our constituents who  depend on the passage of this legislation to get the healthcare that  they deserve from toxic exposure.   Let me be clear. Veterans have earned the right to accessible VA  healthcare. As such, the choice is clear that we need to pass the  Honoring our PACT Act. Our work on this vital legislation has been  bipartisan, and it incorporates two bills that I have introduced: The  COVENANT Act, which recognized the toxic exposure of so many of our  veterans and established their eligibility for healthcare. Furthermore,  we have introduced in this legislation a provision that brings the VA  healthcare notifications into the 21st century, allowing the Secretary  of the VA to notify our veterans of their disability determinations  electronically, something that is long overdue and has been coordinated  with and requested by the Secretary of the VA.   Let me say again that as a 20-year veteran myself, I support this  legislation, and I want to get this healthcare to all those veterans  who served and those who desperately need it.   