 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for  yielding time, and I also thank him and the minority for their support  of this bill.   Madam Speaker, with the historic recovery since President Biden took  office, there are now 11.5 million job openings in the United States.  Unfortunately, for 78 million justice-involved individuals--that is one  out of every three American adults--those opportunities are too often  out of reach.   Under current law, people with criminal records are prohibited from  working in a federally insured financial institution like a bank or a  credit union unless they get a waiver from the government. That is just  not for major felonies but also for minor misdemeanors, like  shoplifting or having an altercation.   That is why my bill, H.R. 5911, the Fair Hiring in Banking Act, would  update the law to reduce barriers for individuals with criminal records  seeking to work at a federally insured financial institution.   Take the example of a young person that had an altercation with a  police officer, a misdemeanor, and got 6 months probation with no time  served and without admitting guilt. They would fall under this.   Specifically, this bill would reduce the existing lifetime ban to a  more effective 7-year ban. Research shows that after 7 years, someone  convicted of a felony is no more likely to commit a new offense than  any other person.   Importantly, my bill would keep in place the ban for people who are  convicted of major financial offenses like bank fraud or money  laundering.   The bill also, as you have heard, codifies some of the recent  rulemaking of the FDIC to exempt those individuals whose crimes have  been expunged or whose offenses happened before the age of 21.   I would like to point out to my colleagues that this is a bipartisan  bill that passed the Financial Services Committee without controversy.  It has the backing of major financial services industry groups and a  broad range of organizations, from the United States Chamber of  Commerce to Public Citizen.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 7081 as one of the many actions this  Congress has taken to support Ukraine in its fight against Putin's  atrocities.   Since the invasions, the U.N. estimates that nearly 6 million  refugees have fled Ukraine to neighboring countries, the largest  refugee crisis since the 1990s.   That is why I authored the provision in this bill to use the United  States' position on international financial institutions--the World  Bank, IMF, et cetera--to encourage economic support for refugees.   The provision specifically makes it clear that this economic support  should include refugees of African descent who have been experiencing  difficulties and discrimination as they flee danger.   I express my thanks to Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry  for working with me and especially to the bill's sponsor, Congressman  Garcia. I urge my colleagues to support this excellent bill.   