 Madam President, it has been a wonderful weekend in  Tennessee. We had the annual West Tennessee Strawberry Festival out in  Humboldt, TN. Quite honestly, I think the strawberries were better and  sweeter this year than ever before. There was wonderful strawberry  shortcake and deserts. It was a wonderful weekend. It provided such a  great opportunity to talk with parents and to hear from Tennesseans,  from moms and dads about things that were of concern to them.   I had a mom make a comment to me that I think each of us should  listen to and take to heart. I know the Presiding Officer knows how  hard a parent's job is because she is a mom.   I look at my children and my grandchildren, and I thought about this  lady's comment. She said, you know, when she was growing up, she felt  like that when she came home, that was the safe harbor; that is where  she knew she was going to be safe. But today, she said she feels like  many times, the enemy is within those four walls because of what  children are exposed to online.   Like many parents, she began to pay more attention during COVID, and  what she has found out has just astounded her. Like many parents, she  feels the hardest part of her job is keeping her children safe and  providing them with the environment that helps them grow into the very  best person they could possibly be.   I really related to that. My husband often would say: We need to  teach our children how to love and how to laugh and how to work and how  to pray. That is something that we have done. We have raised our  children so that they would love one another and their fellow man and  love this country and appreciate the opportunities that we are given.  We have raised them to believe in their faith and to exercise that  faith every single day. We have also taught them and reared them to  believe in a very purposeful life--always giving more than you take and  leaving things in better shape than you found them.    Now, as Chuck and I reared our family, what we didn't want to do was  hand down a bunch of mandates to the kids and not give them  explanations. What we tried to do was to teach them and give them the  knowledge that they would be able to function without us and would  develop that discernment and make those wise decisions. I know that  that is something that most parents do: teach those children so that  they can make wise decisions on their own and leave the door open so  when they feel threatened or vulnerable, they know they can come to you  and talk about it.   On this point, Big Tech and the radical left have one thing in  common. Their interests are best served if parents are not spending  time parenting, because what Big Tech and many of the radicals are  doing is using social media platforms to take children who are  vulnerable and then push them into actions on social media platforms.  It is, indeed, a toxic environment for our children on these platforms.  That online element is at the top of a long list of things that have  parents really worried about what is going on in this country. Summer  is coming on, and parents are paying attention to this.   They are looking at other concerns. Inflation has absolutely  decimated their savings accounts. When I talk to Tennesseans, sometimes  they will talk about how much money they could save during the Trump  years, and they are glad they did because inflation is now eating away  at those savings that they had banked. Crime in the streets and drugs  in our communities have turned the nightly news into a horror show.  People cannot believe the way crime has grown. Much of it is driven by  that open southern border.   Parents are telling me that they are a little bit unsettled that they  can't trust what their kids are learning in school in that those  lessons are going to be in line with history, with civics, with  reality, and this bothers them. It is why we are seeing school board  races as the hot races of this year. It is why we have--whether it is  Virginia Beach or San Francisco--people being tossed off of school  boards. It is because what they were teaching was not in line with our  Nation's history.   But, when it comes to the influence of tech, that is where parents  feel like they are surrounded. As I said, there is a mom who said she  once thought, inside those four walls, there was safety; but now she  feels that it is not because of what they are seeing.   It is difficult for parents to understand how all this screen time is  affecting their children because Big Tech keeps changing the rules to  fit their business strategies. Mind you, that business strategy is, How  many eyeballs can they capture, and how long can they hold them?  because that means they make more money on the ads that they sell.  Indeed, Instagram admits they are an ad company. They are an ad  company. They make money by getting you to watch them. The longer you  watch or the more deeply you run through a thread, they are making more  money.   I would remind my colleagues that many of today's parents grew up  alongside the tech companies, and now they are watching these tech  companies have a stranglehold on their children's lives. They are the  Facebook early adopters, many of today's parents of young children.  This means that they learned a long time ago that online interactions  bring out the worst in people. They know that ``once it is on the  internet, it is there forever'' is true, and they probably wish their  digital footprints were a little bit smaller now that they have  children and are looking at it as parents.    The point is these parents are not anti-tech; they are pro-tech, but  now their kids are falling into the same traps that they did. They are  overwhelmed because Big Tech is actively sabotaging their attempts to  pull their children to safety and away from so much screen time. They  know that the people who run these social media companies have zero  desire or incentive to control the flow of toxic content into the  timeline of underaged users. It is just too lucrative an operation for  them to give up. As I said, they need those eyeballs; they need them  glued to the screen.   Now, when I and other members of the Consumer Protection Subcommittee  presented executives from Instagram with evidence that they were  actively enabling predatory content, they claimed our evidence was  [[Page S2374]]  anecdotal. Parents know this was a falsehood, and so do we. By its very  nature, Snapchat is a predator's dream; TikTok is a hot bed of foreign  propaganda; Twitter is a free-for-all, and they are going to stay that  way as long as their executives keep making money. They are following  the dollar.   Of the service they provide, they continue to say: Well, it is free.  The service is free.   The sad thing is, it is our children who are the product. Our  children and their usage online--that is the product that these tech  companies are using to make money and pad their pockets. All you have  to do is look around at the state of discourse in this country to know  what this kind of exposure will eventually do to an impressionable  child, especially after isolation from school lockdowns during COVID.   This isn't a question of bridging a generational divide. Parents  understand that they need to be involved in their kids' lives. They  want to be involved in their children's lives. It is sad and hurtful  and devastating when they are not involved. They accept that times  change and that they will have to do their research if they want to  keep up and make certain that they are keeping their children safe, but  they will never accept Silicon Valley's argument that they aren't smart  enough to understand what is going on.   Unfortunately for Silicon Valley, the Senate has done the impossible  and rallied behind bipartisan legislation to give parents and kids more  control over their online experiences, and you are right--Big Tech is  fighting back.   Back in February, Senator Blumenthal and I introduced the Kids Online  Safety Act. Here is what it would do:   First, it would force platforms to give minors the ability to protect  their information; disable addictive product features; and opt out of  algorithmic recommendations.   Next, it would give parents the ability to help control their kids'  online experience as well as a dedicated channel to report predatory  behavior. Predatory content and content that promotes self-harm,  suicide, and eating disorders to minors will now, indeed, be a problem  for these platforms to deal with--no more denial or deflection.   We also included requirements for annual risk assessments and access  to datasets we can use to assess safety threats to underaged users.   It should be obvious by now that American parents have had enough of  powerful people trying to control their children. They have said no  time and again to the Biden administration's radical socialist agenda.  They have said no to the racial politics the unions want to inject into  public school curriculums, and now they are saying no to Silicon  Valley.   I think it is our duty to give them the help that they are looking  for. I urge my colleagues to join Senator Blumenthal and me and support  the Kids Online Safety Act and to do this in support of parents. They  are not going to let this issue go. When I talk to moms, this is one of  the things they talk about the most: as I said, inflation, the border,  crime in the streets, drugs on the streets, and Big Tech and the harm  it is bringing to our children. They are going to stay on this issue  because they know their children's lives and safety depend on it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   