 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to adamantly oppose H.R.  8404, the disrespect for marriage act. This unnecessary and misguided  legislation not only disrespects the importance of traditional marriage  for the health of a family, but also disrespects people and  organizations of faith who have the constitutional right to carry out  their mission in accordance with their most deeply held beliefs.   With a crisis at the border, inflation skyrocketing, and a Federal  budget that is nowhere to be seen just a week before Christmas,  Democrats have made it abundantly clear that this disrespectful policy  is their priority.   Let's be clear: Obergefell is not in danger, but people and  institutions of faith are.   This bill only serves to further demonize biblical values by  establishing a private right of action against organizations who  believe in natural marriage, opening the floodgates for predatory  lawsuits against people of faith. The bill's only purpose is to hand  the Federal Government a legal bludgeoning tool to drive people of  faith out of the public square and to silence anyone who dissents.   Sadly, the Senate rejected three amendments that would have  eliminated the private right of action and prevented the government  from infringing on the freedom of religion.   Instead, a flimsy amendment that includes vague language unlikely to  protect anyone was included.   Unfortunately, and likely intentionally, this hollow amendment  provides no tangible protections for religious schools, no protections  for faith-based adoption and foster care agencies, no protections for  Christian businesses who contract with the government, and no  protections for civil servants who justly believe marriage is between  one man and one woman.   The bill's implications: submit to our ideology or be silenced.   This is yet another step toward the Democrats' goal of dismantling  the traditional family, silencing voices of faith, and permanently  undoing our country's God-woven foundation. This is the Democrats'  priority.   Mr. Speaker, I will tell you my priority: Protect religious liberty,  protect people of faith, and protect Americans who believe in the true  meaning of marriage.   I hope and pray that my colleagues will find the courage to join me  in opposing this misguided and dangerous bill.    Mr. Speaker, it has been the honor of my life to serve  on this committee.   I rise in strong support today of the National Defense Authorization  Act for fiscal year 2023.   I thank Ranking Member Rogers and Chairman Smith for the work in  developing this comprehensive bill. I also thank the TAL subcommittee  chairman, Representative Norcross, for his leadership and  collaboration, not only for this NDAA but over the past several years.  This legislation would not have been possible without the hard work and  dedication of the entire committee staff, including Kelly Repair; my  chief of staff, Chrissi Lee; and Defense Fellow Steve Azab. I  appreciate all of their efforts.   The NDAA is always a bipartisan product, and it has been an honor to  contribute to the development of these bills for the past 12 years.   As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land  Forces, I am pleased this bill reverses President Biden's cuts to our  national security and restores funding for the procurement of vital  platforms needed to continue to rebuild and modernize our military.   Specifically, I am pleased that this bill authorizes funding for 8 F/ A-18 Super Hornets, to address the Navy's severe strike fighter  shortfall; 24 F-15EX aircraft, to ensure the Air Force has both the  capability and capacity to meet both current and future threats; and  continued investments in Army ammunition facility modernization. This  has been a top priority of mine since coming to Congress, and I am  pleased at the progress Chairman Norcross and I have made in working  with the Army to ensure proper investments are made for our ammunition  facilities.   Additionally, I am pleased this bill includes language to protect CID  training at Fort Leonard Wood, language to ensure chaplains can use  their resources for resiliency and suicide prevention programs, and  several programs to combat the threat posed by China.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this with a ``yes''  vote.   