 Mr. President, late tonight, the Senate will vote on  my amendment No. 5185 to the PACT Act, and as my colleague from New  York was just saying, it is time that we deal with the issues of toxic  exposure. As a member of the VA Committee, this is something I have  worked on for the last few years.   Tennessee has a large population of veterans, and we have talked a  good bit about this issue and how they receive their care.   One of the concerns that we had discussed in committee, in our  hearings--we have discussed it with our VSOs, and we have discussed  this issue as we have talked with veterans who have come to us and to  our meetings--is their frustration with having access to the queue but  not getting access to the care. I think we have to look at this and  say: Those are very different.   Now, I join our veterans in being frustrated with the fact that there  is access to the queue to get on that wait list but not getting that  care. So the amendment I am offering is not political. It is not  controversial. It is a simple but much needed improvement to the PACT  Act that will allow toxic-exposed veterans to gain access to community  care to ensure they have a speedy process to care.    The amendment is critical to the success of this program, and we all  want the program to be successful, but what we know is that the VA is  not capable of implementing the PACT Act as it is written. They have  neither the infrastructure nor the personnel to do that.   What we have learned is that the VA cannot deliver what is promised  because it does not have the capacity to handle the increased cases.  Secretary McDonough said as much in testimony submitted to the VA  Committee in March of this year.   Right now, the claims backlog at the VA sits at 168,000 cases. The  PACT Act as written will increase that backlog by more than 1 million  cases.   Right now in Tennessee, this is the practical effect of this in  Tennessee:  [[Page S3846]]  Veterans who come to me are telling me they are waiting about 100 days  for a primary care appointment at the VA. For many of our veterans,  that is just step 1--getting that primary care appointment so they get  on the list. So after they call, they are waiting 100 days to get that  first appointment, and then they get a referral to someone else, a  specialist.   Now, for our veterans in Tennessee, once they get that referral, it  is 39 days to get to mental health care, 44 days to get to a dental  appointment, 33 days if they are trying to see a cardiologist, 28 days  to see a gynecologist, and 30 days to get to someone who can help them  with pain. That is the amount of wait. To me, that is unacceptable,  completely unacceptable.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that many, if not most,  of these veterans who have toxic exposure are deteriorating rapidly.  They do not have time to wait while the VA decides how they are going  to implement this. They deserve access to care as quickly as they can  possibly get it.   We are so close to getting these veterans the care they deserve, but  if the PACT Act is going to work for veterans, we need to step up and  give them access to community care. My amendment will open up that  access. It will make that an option so they don't have to struggle  through waiting in the queue. They can go to a physician in their  community for that primary care appointment so that they can get this  process started. This will help them to avoid the long wait times and  the arbitrary hurdles, and it will let them seek that care in the  community if they can get it faster than making that trip to the VA.   As I said, this is not controversial. There is no political scandal  on it. It is a simple fix that will ensure that this promise that we  are going to make in the PACT Act will be made to every single veteran  who has experienced toxic exposure so that we are certain that the PACT  Act does not end up as a false promise or a false hope.   These veterans have given so much. They have served honorably. It is  imperative that we provide them not access to the queue but access to  the care they have earned.   Thank you. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the amendment when it  comes up for a vote later this evening.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I move to concur in the House  amendment to accompany S. 3373 with amendment No. 5185.    Mr. President, I ask the reading be dispensed with.    Mr. President, this is the amendment that will allow  our veterans to immediately move into community care. Our veterans need  to be able to have access to the care, not just access to the queue.   The VA will have a problem getting this implemented because the  current wait time to see a primary care doctor is 100 days. So let's  not make them wait. Let's give them access to community care so that  they have the care they have earned and they deserve.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   