 Mr. President, I want to talk about gas prices.   The people in West Virginia woke up this morning, and according to  AAA, the average gas price in West Virginia is $4.12 per gallon. Some  parts of the country are paying--probably the part that is the  Presiding Officer's country--more than $5 or even more than $6 per  gallon of regular gas. Just up the street here in Washington, DC, at  the gas station close to the Senate office buildings, it is $5.19 per  gallon. We have surpassed the highest recorded average gas prices ever,  and that is quite alarming. Unfortunately, this has been all too  predictable given the Biden administration's domestic energy policy  actions.   On day one of his Presidency, President Biden managed to immediately  kill thousands of union jobs and paralyze America's energy industry  with the Executive orders that killed the Keystone XL Pipeline. At peak  capacity, this pipeline would have delivered 830,000 barrels of oil per  day to American refineries. It is pretty similar to what we are  importing from Russia.   The President put a moratorium on all new oil and gas leases on  Federal lands, moving America from the energy superpower that we have  been back to having an increased reliance on foreign adversaries for  fuel feedstocks. These are countries that have much laxer environmental  rules than we have or that we will ever have.   The administration has also been openly anti-pipeline and anti-fossil  fuel with its rhetoric, through its actions, and embodied by the people  it has elevated to unaccountable leadership roles. Two by name are Gina  McCarthy and John Kerry. This administration has instituted regulatory  uncertainty at a time of record inflation.   The administration wants to make a new definition of WOTUS, which is  a rule otherwise known as the waters of the United States, to regulate  every pond and ditch--even on private lands all across the country.  This will devastate energy production as well as hurt sectors like  agriculture and home building at a time when their products are already  in high demand and under immense inflationary pressures.   The administration is considering new, tighter methane regulations  that will also raise our energy costs, including for home heating and,  as we move to the next season, for home cooling and electricity bills.   It is revising the NEPA permitting process by undoing the  streamlining that was done during the Trump administration. NEPA  touches almost every single infrastructure project in our country.  Think about it. We just passed an enormous infrastructure package, but  if you add more and more redtape onto these infrastructure projects  that we have bipartisanly passed through here, you are going to add  more and more costs for producers and more and more costs for everyday  Americans. This regulatory uncertainty is increasing energy prices for  Americans across the board and is felt most acutely at the gas pump  because we can see it so clearly every time we fill up, and we see it  posted at the stations.   You also have an Energy Department that is slow-walking the build-out  of LNG export terminals, which means we can't export much needed energy  to our allies as efficiently as we could be.   Endless regulatory delay and environmental lawsuits, including on  permits already issued, delay more than pipelines and kill more than  jobs. We have one in West Virginia, the Mountain Valley Pipeline, that  is working hard to complete the last 5 percent of the pipeline to move  the product. They also crush our economy with inflation and leave us  and our allies more susceptible to bad actors like Russia, Venezuela,  and Iran.   We are seeing the importance of energy independence play out in  realtime with the destruction--the horrifying destruction--in Ukraine.  Because of the Biden administration's policies that I just outlined, we  are not able to immediately provide an energy backstop to our European  allies that are trying to break their Russian oil and gas habit. They  are begging for our coal as we speak. It is the perfect storm for a  global energy crisis. It almost sounds cliche to say, as it has been  said so often, but energy security is our national security.  Specifically, fossil fuel security will help keep us secure nationally.   So what is the Biden administration doing?   We have seen reports that the administration is discussing a possible  trip soon to Saudi Arabia to convince the Kingdom to produce more oil.  Well, he has tried this--and, oh, by the way, they won't even take the  President's phone calls.   We know the administration is considering easing sanctions on  Venezuela so they will produce more oil.   Once again, President Biden opened the Strategic Petroleum Reserve,  even though it didn't work the last time, costs the taxpayer, and  depletes our own stockpile that we created from the last oil crisis to  be used when the United States faces another crisis. But incentivizing  oil and gas production in our own country or letting it move forward?  No.   So, according to the administration and its actions, Saudi and  Venezuelan and OPEC oil is good, but American oil is bad. OK. Got it.  Rather than encourage American oil production, this administration  would like to line the pockets of the Saudis, Nicolas Maduro, and, yes,  Vladimir Putin.   You cannot hinder American oil and gas production in the name of  reducing emissions and then nudge countries like Saudi Arabia and  Venezuela to produce more. Emissions are emissions, no matter where it  comes from. Emissions are emissions when it comes to global climate  change.   And while I know the climate czar John Kerry is disappointed that war  in Ukraine is distracting people from climate change--as we see 2  million people leaving that beautiful country--I don't see our European  friends trying  [[Page S1078]]  to secure alternative sources for more solar panels. Instead, they are  worried about access to oil, coal, natural gas, and nuclear. That is  because wind and solar aren't able to meet their energy demands.   And, sadly, with the energy decisions the Biden administration has  made, American fuel won't be there to meet their needs either. We just  don't have the physical infrastructure in place to export. We are  producing more than we ever have--even in this regulatory purgatory-- but that just underscores how much more we could be doing if the Biden  administration's redtape and policies were not in place.   Right now, the world is begging for American leadership; Ukraine is  begging for American leadership; Europe is begging for American  leadership, and that includes energy leadership.   Putin is emboldened every day that the Biden administration flails on  this issue.   The humanitarian crisis in Ukraine is completely heartbreaking.  According to the United Nations, as I stated, more than 2 million  people have been forced to leave their homeland. Tens of thousands of  Ukrainians still in Ukraine are without food, water, or power. We have  seen the haunting images of the bombings of schools, apartments, and  hospitals, including, sadly and just horrifyingly, a maternity hospital  just yesterday. Civilians are being targeted. Children are being  orphaned. It is an absolute atrocity.   We cannot leave Ukrainian patriots and our European allies at the  mercy of Moscow. We must address the poor energy policy decisions of  the Biden administration in order to unleash full American energy  production, support our allies in Europe, and stop funding Putin's war  against Ukrainians.   We should be acting quickly. The security of the free world depends  on this.   And I thank you for that.   I yield the floor.   