 Mr. President, over the years, many historians have  studied how exactly the United States was able to rapidly mobilize  during World War II. It was truly a remarkable thing.   One book, ``Freedom's Forge'' by Arthur Herman, summarizes the feat  well. American manufacturers produced ``two-thirds of all Allied  military equipment used in World War II. That included 86,000 tanks,  2.5 million trucks and a half a million jeeps, 286,000 warplanes, 8,800  naval vessels, 5,600 naval merchant ships, 434 million tons of steel,  2.6 million machine guns, and 41 billion rounds of ammunition--not to  mention the greatest super bomber of the war, the B-29, and the atomic  bomb.''   In the blink of an eye, entire manufacturing industries retooled  their factories, and they began pumping out everything from fighter  planes to ships to critical munitions. There is no doubt that our  immense production capacity was a critical factor behind why the Allies  won the war.   The threat environment that we face today is much different. There  are a wide range of scenarios that our Nation has to be prepared for.  And, of course, the way our economy is structured is also much  different.   This raises an important question: Are we prepared to respond to the  changing threat environment of the 21st century?   Repeating that incredible moment in American history would not be  easy. What we can and what we should do is identify which investments  we can make to effectively meet these threats and deter any adversary.   For years, we have underinvested in our munitions production  capacity. We can start to reverse that by expanding already hot  production lines, which would have an immediate positive effect on  readiness.   If we don't make these investments now, it will be harder for us to  surge munitions production in a time of emergency or global  instability, and that is a concern we must take seriously.   During a crisis, surge capacity is one lever the Department of  Defense must be able to pull to ensure that decisionmakers have a range  of options at their disposal. In fact, the ability to surge production  of munitions is going to be vital to respond to most types of modern  conflicts.   How do we know this? Let's just look at Ukraine and Russia and how  quickly they are running through munitions.  [[Page S4958]]    According to the Royal United Services Institute, or RUSI, Ukraine  needs approximately 500 Javelin missiles every single day. Well,  Lockheed Martin only produces around 2,100 missiles a year. When the  report was published in June, RUSI also estimated that Russia had used  between 1,100 and 2,100 missiles during their invasion of Ukraine. That  means ``in three months of combat, Russia has burned through four times  the US annual missile production'' for those cruise missiles. These  examples are important benchmarks.   You can do the math, and you can pretty quickly come up with future  scenarios where demand starts to strain supply.   Another important factor is the People's Republic of China, which  both the Biden administration and the Trump administration identified  as America's pacing threat. China has spent the last two decades  dramatically building up its military. According to the DOD's 2019  Missile Defense Review, ``a key component of China's military  modernization is its conventional ballistic missile arsenal designed to  prevent [the] U.S. military access to support regional allies and  partners.''   Since then, China's arsenal has only continued to rapidly grow-- again, another important reference point that our Nation will have to  navigate.   This should not be interpreted as fearmongering. I want to be clear  that I have every confidence in our military's ability to defend this  Nation and to defend our allies.   Army Assistant Secretary for Acquisitions, Logistics, and Technology  Doug Bush recently told reporters, for example, that he was ``not  uncomfortable'' with our stockpile levels. However, as Assistant  Secretary Bush noted, the Army is ``doggedly working with industry . .  . to boost the production of certain weapon systems to keep Kyiv armed  and the US well stocked.''   In August, the Wall Street Journal reported that ``in the [United  States], it takes 13 to 18 months from the time orders are placed for  munitions to be manufactured, [and that is] according to an industry  official. Replenishing stockpiles of more sophisticated weaponry such  as missiles and drones can take much longer.''   The United States, our allies, and our partners need those munitions.  The challenge is that years of underinvestment has reduced our  production capacities and speed at which we can respond to that  increased demand.   Clearly, there are significant benefits to expanding that capacity.  Again, we have to be able to meet the changing threat environment and  the rise of our near-peer competitors, like China. Congress, I believe,  needs to take a few actions to address this challenge.   First, invest more in our munitions production capacity. Second, pass  a clean national defense authorization act without delay.   I secured an amendment in this year's Senate NDAA to require the  Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to  produce an annual report on our industrial base and the potential  constraints for our munitions production. This type of reporting should  help to further identify gaps in our production capacity so that we can  further refine future investments. Overall, these actions would be an  important step in the right direction.   We know that our adversaries will continue--continue--to threaten our  global security. We know, as shown by Russia's horrific invasion of  Ukraine--that our allies and partners will continue--they will  continue--to need munitions. And we know the United States needs to be  prepared for any scenario that threatens our national security.    The best response to those stark and immediate realities is to expand  our ability to produce the things that we need to defend ourselves. If  we do that, the greater our capacity is to project strength, react to  any scenario, and better support allies and partners.   I yield the floor.   