 Madam President, last evening, I had the opportunity  to get on the phone in a telephone townhall with citizens from Davidson  and Shelby Counties in Tennessee, and crime was the No. 1 issue that  people were talking about. And one of the points that came up several  times was, Why is it that some of our colleagues across the aisle have  stuck with this prepackaged, zero consequences crime narrative that  they are still trying to sell to the American people?   Crime is an issue. And Tennesseans aren't buying the message. I don't  think the American people are buying it because they are living with  the real-world consequences of the Democrats' refusal to work to get  crime under control.   Now, a few days ago, I was watching the news, and I could not believe  what I was seeing. Young people were ransacking a convenience store.  They were doing this in full view of the cameras, continuing to talk to  one another, just going through ransacking that store.   Now, I know I would like to say that was an isolated incident, but we  all know that this is not an isolated incident. What is happening is,  this has become a trend in many of our cities. The numbers aren't  working in our favor when we talk about this trend, whether you are  talking about theft or vandalism or something much worse.   Here are some stats. Since 2019, homicide rates in our largest cities  are up 50 percent. That is since 2019. Aggravated assaults are up 36  percent. Last year, 108,000 Americans died of a drug overdose; 4,000 of  those were Tennesseans.   Now, we can continue to engage in a cable news proxy war or we can do  something about this. We, as lawmakers, cannot control what the pundits  and the activists say, but we can do something to help the millions of  Americans who have become or are at risk of becoming victims of  violence.   Back home in Tennessee, the sheriffs and other local officials whom I  talk to as I have done my 95-county tour, visiting with every county,  these sheriffs, these local officials, parents, principals--they are  all telling me exactly why they are struggling to get this crimewave  under control. Go talk to a police chief or a captain or go talk to a  sheriff or a deputy, and they will tell you: lack of manpower, lack of  funding, and the Democrats' soft-on-crime agenda.   We can help with the first two things right now without spending an  additional dime of taxpayer money. That lack of manpower, that lack of  funding--yes, this is something that we could take action on today if  we chose to.   This month, Senator Hagerty and I filed a bill called the Restoring  Law and Order Act that would establish a grant program to help State,  local, and Tribal law enforcement officials do the work that obviously  our President and the Democrats have chosen not to do.   First and foremost, here is what the bill would do. Our local law  enforcement officers would be able to use these grants to hire more  officers and to train them to deal with violent criminals. They will  also be able to pull in more resources to combat interstate child  trafficking between the open border and the ease with which criminals  are using technology to target kids. This was something we could not  afford to leave out of the Restoring Law and Order Act.   These grants would help communities prioritize tough sentencing for  repeat offenders and use responsible bail practices and pretrial  detention to keep dangerous offenders behind bars. If housing is a  problem, they will be able to address it. If food items are a problem,  then there would be a way to address that.   We are also going to make these grants available to departments that  need help targeting drug crime and getting fentanyl off the streets.  Sheriffs in Tennessee tell me that around 80 percent of the drugs that  they are seizing--80 percent--contain fentanyl, which means there are a  lot of people out there who are ingesting fentanyl and dying without  ever knowing that they were taking something laced with fentanyl. This  is also putting law enforcement at considerable risk. At least one  Tennessee officer is lucky to be alive after accidentally coming into  contact with fentanyl.   Last but not least, we are going to encourage law enforcement to make  use of these grants to clear the investigatory backlog and get evidence  processed as quickly as possible.   So much of our focus has been on urban areas because cities like  Philadelphia, Washington, DC, and Memphis are struggling when it comes  to controlling homicides, carjackings, and other crimes that are really  frightening to people, but rural areas of my State are also seeing  unprecedented levels of crime and drug overdose. So to help these  communities rise to the challenge, this bill commits no less than 25  percent of its total grant allotment to rural and depressed counties.   Now, as I said, this grant program won't spend an additional dime of  taxpayer money. The big IRS payday my Democratic colleagues snuck into  the so-called Inflation Reduction Act will be put to better use. Here  is how you do it. Instead of using that money to hire more bureaucrats  to attack small businesses and independent operators, we are going to  use it to keep the communities where they work safe from violent  criminals.    We also found that Joe Biden and the Democrats have left a lot of  their so-called emergency COVID funding lying around, so we are going  to put those funds toward hiring more officers and forensic examiners  and clearing the rape kit backlogs. Tennesseans are spending $616 more  per month now than they were last year just to keep themselves fed and  their cars running. They can't afford to maintain a slush fund for far- left priorities when that money could be put to use actually helping  clean up our streets, helping keep our communities safe, and helping to  apprehend drug dealers and keep them in jail. That is where these  dollars should be used.   The final element of this bill would help us get to the root causes  of the rape kit backlogs. In 2021, the U.S. Government spent  $251,975,000 through six separate programs to help law enforcement  conduct rape and sexual assault investigations. Here is that breakdown.  And yes, indeed, Mr. President, $251 million is a lot of money--you are  right. More than $24 million was spent on advocacy programs; almost $34  million to train forensic examiners and their staff to collect and  preserve DNA evidence, analyze it, and present it in the courtroom; $4  million to train and provide resources to medical personnel who treat  victims of sexual assault; almost $90 million to get first responders  and forensic testing capabilities in rural areas up on par with urban  areas; and $158 million just to address the backlog.   Hundreds of millions of dollars have been invested, and still it  seems we cannot get these rape kits processed. Sometimes it takes a  full year to get these results.   I want to use one grant program as a case study to demonstrate the  problem that we are seeing. An audit of the Sexual Assault Kit  Initiative found that between 2015 and 2021, we sent $266 million to 75  grantees in 40 States and DC to process these kits, to process and  obtain this evidence. In that time, they only managed to clear a little  over half of a 136,000-kit backlog.   Now, bear in mind, these kits are the kits that contain the DNA  evidence of violent offenders. These are individuals who have committed  violent sexual assaults. Every one of these should be processed as a  rush order--but no. From 2015 to 2021, with $266 million being sent to  75 grantees in 40 different States and the District of Columbia, they  managed to clear a little over half of a 136,000-case backlog. So you  still have tens of thousands of kits that are gathering dust, and that  is just the ones in the custody of grantees from one single program.   This represents over 50,000 violations of trust and bodily autonomy,  50,000 worst night of an innocent man or woman's life, and 50,000 times  the scum of the Earth thought they committed a crime and they got away  with it, but they also represent 50,000 opportunities for us to take  that rapist or that violent offender and put them in jail for the rest  of their life.   The Restoring Law and Order Act will give the GAO a year to conduct a  study and prepare a report to explain why we haven't been able to clear  the backlog. Why is it we cannot get these kits processed? They are  going to look  [[Page S5135]]  for deficiencies in processing and also let us know where and to what  extent rape kits aren't available at all.   This month, Tennesseans--especially the people of Memphis--have been  stuck in a vicious cycle of grieving and asking: What more could have  been done to spare the victims of two of the most notorious killers in  recent memory?   We already know that at least one brutal murder could have been  prevented if the crime lab had been able to reduce their processing  time for rape kits. Three more may have been prevented if the people  responsible for keeping criminals in jail had done their jobs and  forced a repeat violent offender to serve out a full sentence. That  didn't happen. Four innocent people in Memphis are dead.   The community is heartbroken, and they are grieving. Last night, on  our telephone townhall, they talked a lot about this. They talked about  how it has affected them and their community.   Now, the left has spent 2 years screaming at Congress to defund the  police, pull law enforcement out of neighborhoods, and eliminate  consequences for violent behavior, and it is just plain frightening to  see so many of my colleagues continue to go along with that rhetoric.   Tennesseans agree, and I think the American people agree also. They  don't want an unfair system. They don't want innocent people to be  behind bars. They want a system that works. They are tired of hearing  that they are the problem--at least according to the Democrats' zero- consequences narrative. That narrative has turned criminals into  victims and innocent people into villains and has left true victims  wondering who was there for them. There is nothing just or equitable  about that.   I would ask my Democratic colleagues to abandon the echo chamber and  get on the phone. Go see and visit and listen to and hear from your  sheriffs and your mayors and other law enforcement officials back  home. Listen to what they have to say. They need your help.    Senator Hagerty and I would love to have their help and support in  passing the Restoring Law and Order Act. We need to move this  legislation. We need to vote on it now before the crimewave gets even  worse.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   