 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes.   China has avoided accountability for their unfair trade practices,  gross human rights violations, and environmental abuse for too long.   My amendment would require the Chinese Communist Party to match  emission-cutting targets established by the United States.   China accounts for 28 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions,  more than any other country in the world. This amendment takes  necessary steps to hold China accountable for their pollution. It is  time they are held to the same standards as any other developed  country. They shouldn't get a free pass. We cannot allow China to walk  all over us.   I also want to address what was said by my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle about criticism of this bill.   Two days ago, Democrats suggested that criticism of this legislation  is ``Asian bashing'' and ``xenophobic.'' What nonsense.   Let me be clear: I will never back down from calling out the CCP on  their transparency and to be responsible. We should all be on the side  of free speech, democracy, and human rights.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation. If the Federal Government is going to establish these  standards, they cannot allow the CCP to ignore all their  responsibilities.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, this week, we welcomed the Year of the  Tiger with the first day of Lunar New Year.   Lunar New Year is an important holiday celebrated by many East and  Southeast Asian countries. It is also celebrated widely by many Asian- American communities here in the United States, including our Orange  County community in California.   As we reflect on our blessings this new year, I am grateful for the  opportunity to be a voice for our Asian-American community in Congress.   Madam Speaker, 2022 is the Year of the Tiger, which symbolizes  courage and bravery.   With the new year comes a new beginning and the hope of better days  ahead. I hope that this year brings everyone strength, prosperity, and  happiness.   (English translation of the statement made in Korean, Mandarin,  Vietnamese, and Japanese is as follows:)   ``Happy new year.''    Korean: ``saehae bok mani badeuseyo''   Mandarin: ``Xinnian kuaile''   Vietnamese: ``Chuc Mu'ng Nam Mo'i''   Japanese: ``Akemashite omedeto''   