 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Carter for  yielding me time.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Republican motion to  recommit H.R. 3771.   We can all agree that preventing myocardial events in Asian Americans  and all populations is important, but the health of our children coming  through the pandemic is critical.   The Republican motion to recommit would require the Department of  Health and Human Services to submit a report to Congress on the  education crisis in K-12 public schools as a result of the COVID-19  pandemic. This report would include the total number of days schools  were closed, the impact that school closures had on our most vulnerable  population--which includes both academic achievement and mental  health--and the amount of classroom instruction time that was lost.   As a mother of two children, I understand how important it is for all  kids to be in school and learning among their peers. Unfortunately,  throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, many schools had vaccine mandates,  masking requirements, and virtual-only learning which has resulted in  students paying the price through learning loss. The report to Congress  this motion to recommit authorizes will provide us with the data that  will help us move forward from this pandemic.   Early in the pandemic there was a lot of focus on limiting people's  interactions with others. However, by summer of 2020, I would argue  that the risk of keeping schools closed and how to reopen them as  safely as possible was known. In fact, this was widely the practice in  Europe.   As a physician and former Iowa director of public health, I recognize  that children are at infinitesimally low risk of severe illness with  COVID. In fact, in February of 2021, The New York Times reported that  86 percent of pediatric disease experts recommended in-person schooling  regardless of vaccination status. In addition, a recent study found  that grade-schoolers are at a lower risk than vaccinated adults.   By using transparent data from the CDC, we can make the best  decisions for students when it comes to in-person instruction, vaccine  and masking mandates, and their mental health, given the startling rise  in youth suicide.   I believe that it is imperative for students to go to school and have  in-person instruction. Our future leaders depend on the best education  possible, which starts in the classroom. Let me repeat that: in the  classroom.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of the  Republican motion to recommit. As we are entering a new school year  after 2 years of a pandemic, our students deserve to be back in the  classroom among their peers.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  4040. This bill would extend telehealth flexibilities under Medicare  until 2024. These flexibilities allow physicians to be more widely  available to patients who no longer need to wait weeks for a visit or  take hours off work to sit in a doctor's office.   While I support this bill, I am disappointed that the majority did  not follow the regular committee process, which could have further  improved the bill in a bipartisan way.   For example, the committee could have incorporated elements of the  Greater Access to Telehealth Act, which I am proud to co-lead with the  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) and the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Carter). This bill would extend the telehealth flexibility until  2026 and includes policies to support health savings accounts. But the  majority did not follow regular order, and that is a great disservice  to a commonsense bill like H.R. 4040.   Regardless, and despite the procedural irregularities, I support the  bill, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for H.R. 4040.   