 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my  good friend,   Dan Newhouse, chairman of the Western Caucus, for his  great leadership for bringing us together tonight.   This is a pivotal moment in our Nation's history. We are witnessing  the real dangers of undermining our independence because of a rush-to- green agenda and what it means for our national security, our  geopolitical power, and our standard of living here in the United  States of America.   Energy is foundational to everything that we do. Actions to shut down  American energy disarms us, and it disarms our security. By boosting  our domestic production of oil and natural gas, we could be helping our  allies in Europe, standing with Ukraine, and countering Putin's war.   Shutting down American energy drives people into poverty. Energy  prices here at home are surging. Gas prices are the most expensive in  the United States' history, breaking the record that was set by the  Obama administration in 2008. Filling up the gas tank now will cost a  typical family an additional $2,000 this year. This is not ``Putin's  price hike.''   How did this happen? How did America get into this energy crisis?  These are the facts:   Under President Biden, domestic oil production declined by more than  1.5 million barrels per day, while Russian imports to the United States  reached an 11-year high.   President Biden canceled the Keystone XL pipeline and imposed a  moratorium on energy development on Federal lands.   The administration is currently sitting on more than 4,500 permits to  drill.   Regulatory uncertainty surrounding pipeline approvals have already  led to the cancelation of at least four major  [[Page H3738]]  pipeline projects that could have served over 25 million homes.   The cancelations of these four pipelines restricted nearly 10 percent  of our natural gas production. And other pipelines are under threat of  closure, like Line 5, which is critical to those who live in Michigan  and Ohio.   But what is the administration's solution to this self-made crisis?  What they really want to do is ban all oil and force a faster  transition to their radical agenda. The President is doubling down on  the rush to wind, solar, and electric vehicles--he stated so in the  State of the Union--while at the same time saying that he wants to make  things in America.   In order to make things in America, we must cut the red tape for  domestic mining, the processing of minerals that right now is nearly  impossible in our Nation. China is controlling 80 percent of the  critical minerals and materials needed to manufacture renewables and  batteries. We can't trade American energy security, reliability, and  affordability by rushing to green technologies that make us reliant on  the Chinese Communist Party.   America is the number one energy producer in the world, and we should  act like it, yet the actions we are taking right now are not helping.  We could boost our domestic energy production. It is vital to our way  of life, our security in bringing down energy prices.   This Congress should move the legislation that I introduced with my  friend Bruce Westerman, who is the ranking Republican on the Natural  Resources Committee. It is called the American Energy Independence from  Russia Act.   It would immediately remove restrictions on U.S. LNG exports so that  we could deliver natural gas to our allies in Europe rather than them  continuing to be dependent on Russia. They get 40 percent of their  natural gas from Russia.   It would restart the oil and gas leasing on Federal lands and  offshore so that we could regain our energy dominance, our energy  independence.   It would protect American energy and mineral development from  unilateral shutdowns by the Biden administration just revoking permits.   And because we need more pipelines, pipelines that are the safest way  to move product, we would approve the Keystone XL pipeline.   Second, the administration must stop delaying the permits and put  Americans to work on energy infrastructure in America. Right now, it  takes on average 6 or 7 years to review a project.   Third, we need to embrace innovation for abundant, affordable, and  clean energy for us and the rest of the world. It means reducing the  permitting and regulatory burdens around nuclear. We should be leading  in advanced nuclear technology, for us here in the United States and  around the world, but right now the permitting is so costly and time  consuming, it is delaying our progress.   With an all-of-the-above strategy, we can say ``yes'' to America's  global leadership and lower energy prices. I continue to urge my  colleagues across the aisle to work together on this. Let's flip the  switch on American energy to ensure a better life and a more secure  future for all.     For sure. We need energy to do  everything.    We need to be leading. It is American  leadership; it is American competitiveness; it is our security. Let's  do it.   