 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Arkansas (Mr.  Hill), who is managing this set of Financial Services Committee  sanctions against Russia, for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 6891, the Isolate  Russian Government Officials Act, a bipartisan bill that would exclude  Russian Government officials from participating in key international  bodies until Moscow puts a stop to its brutal and utterly unprovoked  war on Ukraine.   These Russian officials would be excluded from international bodies,  including the G20 and other organizations that oversee the world's  financial system. Taking part in these groups' proceedings should be  out of the question for a country that has ended decades of peace in  Europe and threatened financial stability globally.   As we know, the U.S. and our allies have levied punishing sanctions  against the Putin regime, and these measures have imposed immense costs  on Moscow, but there must be diplomatic costs as well. That means  leaving Russian Government officials on the outside of every one of  these key organizations looking in.   After I introduced H.R. 6891, I was pleased to see the President  called upon Russia to be ejected from the G20, and this legislation  would ensure that Treasury and the Federal Reserve take all necessary  steps to advance this as U.S. policy and law.   The Financial Services Committee, on a bipartisan basis, has  traditionally pursued clear objectives in its national security  legislation. Our bills are a means to an end, and my legislation is no  exception.   While H.R. 6891 takes a hard stance against Russian officials, it  provides an off-ramp for Moscow if, and only if, Putin chooses to end  the violence in Ukraine. There is also waiver authority so that the  executive branch can have maximum leverage when negotiating an end to  the Russian hostilities.   But let's be crystal clear. Just as launching an illegal and  unilateral attack on Ukraine was wholly Putin's choice, and his alone,  so too is it his choice to bring Russia back into the fold of the  international community by ending his war on Ukraine.   China, and other countries and adversaries, are watching our response  to Russia closely, and our resolve in the face of Putin's invasion  should signal to China, and others, that it will become an  international pariah if Beijing ever follows Moscow's playbook.   Benefiting from participation in international organizations,  including the ones in my bill, calls for a basic level of commitment to  international order. We must not let others take this for granted.   Again, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support  of H.R. 6891, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill, the Isolate  Russian Government Officials Act.   