 Madam Speaker, we are here debating about an  assault weapons ban so that the chairman of the Committee on the  Judiciary can campaign when he goes back home, which is really odd  because in that district, in that area of New York, they don't seem to  be suffering from as much crime as the rest of New York where people  really do need guns to defend themselves or maybe the rest of America  or like Atlanta in my home State of Georgia.   I will tell you something right now. I thank God for AR-15s because  there have been a lot of people that have saved their own lives and  defended others. I will remind you of a few.   How about an 8-month pregnant woman who saved her husband's and  daughter's lives from home invaders who were trying to kill them? Thank  God she had an AR-15.   Let me remind you of a man that had an AR-15 that was able to defend  a church from a mass shooter who killed 26 people in the First Baptist  Church in Sutherland, Texas. Thank God for his AR-15.   Let me explain something to my Democrat colleagues. You can pass as  many gun control laws as you like, but no one will stop a murderer. No  one is going to hand over a gun who has murder in their heart.   Do you think that your gun control laws are going to cause criminals  to come running to hand over the AR-15s that they possess? No, I don't  think so.   If you are concerned about protecting Americans and saving lives,  stop voting to kill babies up until the day of birth. Care about those  children and their body parts, and then do something about all the  crime all over America that is affecting Americans every single day.   How about our border? How about our border being overrun with drugs  and fentanyl and human trafficking? Do you care about those people,  those migrants who are dying on the way because of your policies of  open borders?   Oh, no, it is not the gun that is the problem. It is the policies. It  is the policies that you are pushing right now that are hurting  Americans and causing our children to not be safe.   