 Mr. President, earlier this week, I gave some  examples of how the media is covering for Judge Jackson's lackluster  performance in her Supreme Court confirmation hearing. I am not sure  who they think they will persuade with these unhinged attacks, but what  I do know is that the subtext has come through loud and clear for  Tennesseans. It is: Sit down, shut up, stop questioning authority; and  if you don't, we are going to come and get you.   That is what these headlines are basically saying.   Last night, I hosted a telephone townhall with more than 30,000  people across middle and east Tennessee, and they have rejected the  message that they are seeing in these headlines. It is really pretty  simple for them. The harder the media pushes and tries to shut them up,  the more they are pushing for accountability, especially when it comes  to protecting the future for their children and their grandchildren.   As I am sure many people will recall, during a line of questioning in  Judge Jackson's confirmation hearing, I asked her a very simple  question. All I wanted her to do was define the word ``woman.'' She  told me she couldn't answer the question because she wasn't a  biologist. If we had not been in the middle of a committee hearing, I  would have thought that this was a joke. But we were in the middle of  this committee hearing, and it wasn't. It was a very deliberate signal  to a very specific group of individuals.   Of course, our friends in the media sensed this was going to  backfire, as it did, so they flew into damage control mode. But I think  it is safe to say they overplayed their hand on this one. According to  this particular outlet, science says there is no simple answer to what  a woman is. Don't question the science. That sounds familiar, doesn't  it? We have heard that a lot lately. They went to great lengths to  refute a simple fact that every single American learned in their grade  school science class. Judge Jackson's answer and the media's panicked  defense of it were both completely divorced from reality.   I have spoken at length about how Judge Jackson's total lack of a  judicial philosophy causes these kinds of problems. But my Democratic  colleagues and their activist friends still seem to be under the  impression it is unreasonable to ask a Supreme Court nominee about her  approach to interpreting the law. This makes no sense. Without that  philosophy--without that basic standard--you cannot achieve stability  or predictability, which are two things Judge Jackson repeatedly told  us are important for a functioning judicial system.   I have serious questions about the nominee's refusal to engage us on  this question. But what worries me more is her refusal to acknowledge  that when it comes to law, not everything can or should be up for  debate because political activists demand it. Our legal system is built  on a foundation of definitions and rules, which are two equally  important components.   In this case, if we concede that the definition of ``woman'' is too  controversial to nail down, how can we demand equal justice under the  law for victims of sex discrimination? Furthermore, how could the  Supreme Court determine standing for any case regarding a gender-based  rule? To take it even further, if words no longer matter, are the  definitions of other protected classes up for debate? If so, which  ones? And if not, then why not? Whose standard are we using here? Think  about that.  [[Page S1849]]    I hear from Tennesseans every single day who feel like they are  fighting a losing battle against the erosion of our basic values. Their  government is drowning in debt. The crime rate has gone from bad to  absolutely terrifying. And classrooms have become battlegrounds in the  culture war between woke bureaucrats and parents who just want to rear  their children as they see fit.   Slowly but surely, activists are forcing themselves between parents  and their children, stripping words and institutions of their meaning  and using their power to eliminate dissent. It is no way to run a  classroom, and it is no way to run a country either. But right now,  these parents I am talking to are looking at Washington and seeing the  left use these same tactics to convince whoever gives credence to these  unhinged headlines that reality is somehow up for debate.   They are not going to tolerate it anymore, not from Congress, not  from the White House, and certainly not from the Supreme Court.   I think it bears repeating that the purpose of the Supreme Court is  to interpret the law, not to take up arms in a culture war. I cannot in  good conscience give my endorsement to a Supreme Court nominee whose  first instinct was to chip away at the very foundation of the law  rather than challenge the expectations of radical political activists.   I yield the floor.   