 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  leadership, as well as my cosponsors: Representatives Hudson, Herrera  Beutler, and Ruiz for their hard work in supporting this piece of  legislation.   I rise today in strong support of my bipartisan legislation, the  MOBILE Health Care Act, which will help more Americans access the  quality healthcare they need and deserve.   In my State of Nevada, more than two-thirds of residents live in a  primary care health professional shortage area. In our rural  communities, that number goes to 82 percent.   Needless to say, the situation is dire, and that is why expanding  access to quality healthcare has been a priority of mine since I have  been a Member of Congress.   Expanding the capabilities of Federally Qualified Health Centers,  commonly known as FQHCs, has been a top  [[Page H8153]]  focus of mine when it comes to expanding access to healthcare. That is  because FQHCs lead the Nation in driving quality improvement, while  reducing healthcare costs.   Across this country, 1 in 11 Americans, including 400,000 veterans,  and nearly 9 million children, rely on FQHCs for their primary  healthcare. They have been a huge success in expanding quality care,  but the reality is, smaller, rural communities do not have the  population base to support full-time health centers.   There are also many Americans, in both rural and urban areas, who  lack transportation to access their closest FQHC, and that is exactly  where mobile health units come in. Mobile health units have the  capability to bring high-quality healthcare to all Americans,  especially those in underserved areas.   My bill will allow FQHCs this important flexibility to use their  Federal New Access Point grants to establish mobile health units. This  will allow health centers to better serve their communities, especially  communities that have traditionally been hard to reach; and this does  so at no additional cost to the taxpayer.   In my district, we have seen the difference these mobile units make.  For example, the Nevada Health Centers currently runs three mobile  health units: The Children's Mobile Medical Unit, the Ronald McDonald  Care Mobile Unit, and the Mammovan.   The Mammovan is a mobile mammography unit that travels to underserved  areas of our State, providing mammograms to women in geographically  isolated areas and those who may not otherwise seek this important  preventative care that will allow for early detection and simply will  save lives.   The First Person Care Clinic in Nevada also has a mobile health unit  and is in the process of setting up a second one, which will expand  access to primary care to more patients from Las Vegas, to Henderson,  to Laughlin.   Recently, I had the opportunity to see firsthand the Mammovan in  action, and I am proud of all of Nevada's health centers and the  southern Nevada Health District who are leading the way in providing  lifesaving mobile healthcare for Nevadans.   We must build off these success stories and ensure health centers  across America can utilize mobile health units where they make sense to  better serve their communities.   We must keep working to ensure that every American has access to  healthcare they need and deserve; and that is why I encourage my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this critical piece of legislation today.   