 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  yielding on this very important topic.   Mr. Speaker, families across this country are desperate for help.  Babies are going hungry. Mothers and fathers are faced with empty  shelves, and there is no formula to be found.   As a mother, this is heartbreaking. As a Congresswoman, this is  unacceptable. That is why I will be offering a motion to recommit this  bill in just a few moments.   According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, 67  percent of children rely on infant formula for some portion of their  nutrition by the time they are 3 months old. One of my children had to  have formula. That is 2.7 million babies that need formula their  parents cannot find on the shelves in their local supermarket or  anywhere, for that matter.   We need to address this supply chain crisis right now. Our families  deserve solutions. The Biden administration ignored the warning signs  that a formula shortage was imminent, sitting on their hands until the  shelves were bare. Their incompetence underscores the need for funding  to come with guardrails and accountability for the FDA's failures.   Throwing additional money at a problem is the wrong approach.  American families need a plan to fix this crisis and to get that baby  formula back on store shelves, and they don't need us spending more of  their hard-earned money to do it.   My amendment would redirect a targeted amount of unused pandemic  funds to address the baby formula shortage. It would use $5.75 million  of existing Federal funds to respond to this crisis immediately, right  now.   My amendment would also require the FDA to report to Congress on the  shortage, ensuring that the American people know exactly what the  administration is doing or is not doing to get formula back on the  shelves.   We would also immediately require an assessment of all baby formula  stockpiled by the Federal Government. Can this formula be redirected to  the marketplace for families? Can we do that right now?   This amendment ensures the FDA Commissioner can't travel anywhere  unless it is related to the baby formula crisis until this crisis is  addressed.   Mr. Speaker, we have seen the impact this baby formula crisis is  having across our country--the mom whose baby can tolerate only a  certain kind of formula, the dad who is scouring Facebook groups  tonight trying to see if he can find what his baby needs, or the  grandparents who have gone to three grocery stores, driven miles, and  are still empty-handed.   We have an opportunity here to really work together and enact  meaningful legislation that will get baby formula back on store shelves  as soon as possible and ensure that our families are not ever left in a  lurch like this again.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues tonight to join me, join us, in  fighting for families, for babies, and for taxpayers. We can do it all  together. Vote ``yes'' tonight on the motion to recommit. Adopt my  amendment, and let's get this baby formula crisis under control.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote tonight on the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   