 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Honoring  our PACT Act. As we near final passage of this historic and  comprehensive legislation to address toxic exposures afflicting  veterans across several generations, it has been a privilege to lay the  groundwork for this endeavor as chair of the Disability Assistance and  Memorial Affairs Subcommittee.   Many pieces of legislation that have passed through our jurisdiction  are on their way to being included in this package and becoming law. In  particular, I am honored to have introduced the COVENANT Act, a  cornerstone of the PACT Act.   This bill is best known for providing access to care for those  veterans exposed to burn pits and many others who have struggled too  long to receive care for health conditions caused by burn pits and  other toxic exposures. To put it simply, this bill will see that 3.5  million veterans are eligible for Priority Group 6 VA healthcare. It  concedes exposure to airborne hazards and recognizes 23 new airborne  hazard-related conditions as presumptively service-connected.   When signed into law, I don't think I would be wrong in saying that  this is possibly the largest increase in access to veterans healthcare  that any of us have seen in our lifetimes. This legislation will assist  many of our fellow servicemembers and veterans who have suffered for  too long.   The PACT Act has been a long time coming, but today the House is  prepared to send this essential veterans assistance package back to the  Senate and, ultimately, to the President's desk. We are finally  recognizing the true cost of war for all who deployed in defense of our  Nation.   I thank Chairman Takano for his unwavering leadership through this  process, as well as my fellow Members on and off the committee for  their important contributions to this historic legislation.   Lastly, I thank the veterans, the survivors, and the veterans service  organizations, VSOs, who have made their voices heard. This is for you.   I wholeheartedly urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Honoring  our PACT Act.    Mr. Speaker, Congress must continue to supply the finest  fighting force in the world with the funding, equipment, resources, and  support they need, and I am proud to work with my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to do just that.   The FY23 NDAA represents a bipartisan effort to support our Active- Duty personnel with a 4.6 percent pay raise and invest in the critical  capabilities that our Armed Forces need to defend our Nation and our  interests abroad.   This year's NDAA also includes my request to increase defense  spending by $37 billion, including at least $7.4 billion to combat  inflation, more than $4 billion for ship procurement, over $1.6 billion  in research and development funding, and over $500 million for security  assistance to Ukraine.   At a time when we face growing threats from China, this bill provides  needed funding for 13 new battle force  [[Page H6227]]  ships, including two Virginia-class submarines, three guided-missile  destroyers, two guided-missile frigates, and one landing platform dock.  This sends a strong message to our allies and our enemies and ensures  that we have the resources to counter the threats we face from China,  Iran, and Russia.   Additionally, the NDAA includes several of my amendments to directly  address access to mental health care and suicide prevention and improve  the quality of life for sailors during complex refueling overhauls,  many of which were learned from lessons aboard the USS George  Washington.   While I am proud of the bipartisan effort we have made so far, there  is still more work that needs to be done. I hope that the final version  of the NDAA will include my bill, the Health Care Fairness for Military  Families Act, which will eliminate the disparity that TRICARE  dependents face when compared to those on private health insurance.   The bipartisan progress we have made in this year's NDAA will grow  our Navy, strengthen our military, and give a well-deserved pay raise  to our Armed Forces. I will continue to work with my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to support our military, and I look forward to  negotiating with the Senate on the final top-line number.   I thank the chair and the ranking member for their support in these  efforts, especially in growing and strengthening our Navy and our  entire Armed Forces.   