 Madam President, today, the Senate will consider S.  Res. 345, legislation I authored with Senator Roger Wicker to bring  attention to the people of Belarus and their pursuit of democracy.  Since Alyaksandr Lukashenka egregiously stole the Presidential  elections in 2020, we have witnessed a continued crackdown on the  people of Belarus, who are being denied their basic human rights. After  unjustly claiming victory, Lukashenka responded to peaceful, pro- democracy protests across Belarus with violence and oppression,  throwing thousands of Belarusians in jail.   In May last year, his regime forced a commercial airliner flying  between two  [[Page S454]]  European states to land in Minsk so his security forces could arrest a  journalist and his partner, an action for which the U.S. has charged  four Belarusian officials with hijacking. Then last fall, his regime  exploited vulnerable migrants by bringing them to Belarus and forcing  them at gunpoint across the border into the European Union, leading  several countries to declare a state of emergency.   These abuses are demoralizing to the Belarusian people, who keep up  the fight to bring Lukashenka to account for his egregious behavior.  But now, we are witnessing a new level of desperation by Lukashenka,  who is supporting Putin in his campaign of aggression against Ukraine.  He has endorsed Putin's agenda and invited Russian troops for major  military exercises on Belarusian soil. Lukashenka has effectively given  Putin permission to use his own country for a training ground to  undermine a sovereign nation.   As Lukashenka supports Vladimir Putin's efforts to destabilize the  democratically elected government in Kyiv, at home he has proposed a  constitutional referendum that would allow him to stay in office  indefinitely.   Indeed, life under Lukashenka is perilous. Today, there are more than  1000 political prisoners in Belarus, 1000 people imprisoned because of  the insecurities of one man. I welcome the recent statement from the  Department of State bringing attention to the ill treatment of these  prisoners. And I call on the Lukashenka regime to release these  prisoners without conditions and abide by their commitments to human  rights as a member of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in  Europe.   Lukashenka has ruthlessly attacked independent media in Belarus,  including Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, which he declared an  extremist organization. Anyone who subscribes to RFE/RL can be arrested  and jailed. RFE/RL's journalists who reported on the 2020 elections  have been harassed, detained, arrested, and stripped of their  credentials.   I want to highlight the stories behind the names of these  journalists. They have been arrested and torn from family and friends  indefinitely, simply for doing their jobs to shed light on the truth.   Ihor Losik was sentenced to 15 years in prison in December after a  lengthy, closed door trial. Andrey Kuznechyk has been detained since  November on unknown criminal charges. Aleh Hruzdzilovich has been  detained since late December for his reporting activities, after  previously serving two stints in jail following the election.   The Lukashenka regime's cowardly attacks on the free press do not  project strength. They show that regime is, in fact, weak, desperate  and afraid of the truth. And the truth is--the Belarusian people want  to live in a free country and choose their own future.   This is why I have been proud to lead efforts in the Senate to  condemn the actions of the Lukashenka regime and support the brave  people of Belarus who continue to stand up to an increasingly  autocratic government. Last year, Senator Wicker and I cofounded the  Free Belarus Caucus to advocate for the pro-democracy movement and  continue to push for free and fair elections in Belarus.   I have met with Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya numerous times and others  from the Coordination Council who are leading the effort to bring a  peaceful, democratic transition of power to Belarus. She is an  admirable woman who did not seek the spotlight, but stepped up on  behalf of her people when they needed her most. Her leadership is  critical for the future of democracy in Belarus, and we must do  everything we can to assist her and the Belarusian people.   And today, I am calling on my colleagues in the Senate to join me in  supporting this resolution, which expresses solidarity for the  Belarussians' pursuit of freedom and a future of their own making. As  we work together to respond to Russian threats against Ukraine, we must  not forget the plight of Belarusians. We must be steadfast in our  strong support to those suffering under the rule of authoritarians. So  I urge my colleagues to join me at this critical moment and support  this resolution.   