 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 5382 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, this amendment would strike a provision  that gives the EPA $45 million in a slush fund to use eight different  sections of the Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gases. The EPA  will undoubtedly try to use this money to develop rules targeting  electricity generation, manufacturing, agriculture, and other sectors  of our economy.   This will be the first time that Congress has told the EPA to carry  out many of these Clean Air Act sections with respect to greenhouse  gases. There is no doubt that EPA lawyers and environmental groups will  point to this language when they try to convince courts to uphold  future overreaching climate regulations.   After the EPA's recent loss before the Supreme Court on the illegal  Clean Power Plan, we should not be providing funds to the Agency that  it will inevitably use to undertake more expansive and unauthorized  rulemakings. This $45 million slush fund would be used to impose  billions of dollars in regulatory burdens on our economy and increase  costs at the worst time for consumers.   This provision is bad for West Virginia, and it is bad for America. I  urge my colleagues to support my amendment.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 5383 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I rise to offer a commonsense permitting  reform amendment. There has been a lot of talk and promises about a  supposed deal or fixing our Nation's broken permitting system, but we  have yet to see any legislative text.   My amendment delivers these reforms right now. Among these reforms  are provisions that reduce delays and environmental reviews, generally  to 2 years or less, while maintaining protections. Eliminating  regulatory hurdles, which are now driving higher gasoline and energy  costs, and implementing the one Federal decision--these are things  Democrats say they will support eventually. Let's tackle inflation,  permitting, and energy supply challenges right here tonight. Let's  finish the Mountain Valley Pipeline now.   Americans can't wait, and no one can build back better if we can't  build anything at all. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the  amendment.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act and relevant budget resolutions, I move to  waive, and I ask for the yeas and nays.   