 Madam President, today, the Senate has finally delivered  on something Americans all over the country want: to never have to  change their clocks again.   My colleague Senator Rubio and I have finally passed the Sunshine  Protection Act, a bipartisan bill to finally make daylight saving time  permanent.   This past weekend, Americans from Washington State to Florida had to  lose an hour of sleep for absolutely no reason. This is a burden and a  headache we don't need. Any parent who has worked so hard to get a  newborn or a toddler on a regular sleeping schedule  [[Page S1167]]  understands the absolute chaos changing our clocks creates and for no  good reason. There is enough going on as it is, and we can fix this one  inconvenience and stress pretty easily.   And if the House follows the lead of the U.S. Senate, we can make it  so no one anywhere has to change their clocks by making daylight saving  time permanent.   I hope my colleagues in the House and everyone can understand that no  one wants to see the Sun set at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, which it  currently does in the winter for those of us on the west coast.   In just this Congress, we have passed major bipartisan bills to  strengthen supply chains and promote American manufacturing and make a  generational investment in our infrastructure. Let's keep up that  bipartisanship and make daylight saving time permanent.   Voters throughout the Pacific time zone have made clear they are  ready for permanent daylight saving time. In California, Oregon, Idaho,  and my home State of Washington, we have all passed laws to adopt  permanent daylight saving time as soon as Congress acts. So many other  States are on the same page. These States need us to take action at the  Federal level.   This is a simple, commonsense measure that we can all take back to  our constituents that does away with the completely unnecessary  inconvenience in everyone's lives. No more dark afternoons in the  winter. No more losing an hour of sleep every spring. We want more  sunshine during our most productive waking hours.    I have said it before, and I will say it again: Americans want more  sunshine and less depression. People in this country all the way from  Seattle to Miami want the Sunshine Protection Act.   We got it passed here in the Senate. Now the clock is ticking to get  the job done so we don't have to switch our clocks again.   So I urge my colleagues in the House to act swiftly, as we have done,  to get this bill on President Biden's desk and deliver sunshine to  Americans across the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   