 Mr. President, as I was reading through this reckless  spending spree that my Democratic colleagues are in such a rush to get  this thing passed so that they can get it signed into law--I was  reading it, and I thought, you know, we have been through this exercise  before.   We have before us a bill that is too expensive to afford. It has been  thrown together behind closed doors, in secret, perfectly branded to  prey on the struggles, the fears of the American people because after  all, fearful people are easier to control.   And what do we know? The Democratic Party, they are all about control  and they are all about power.   Now, I remembered that this isn't the first time in the Schumer  Senate that the Democratic colleagues have tried to turn a crisis into  an opportunity. A little over a year ago, they pulled the exact same  bait-and-switch with a $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan. Senator  Graham talked about this before. It was to bring, oh, so much  prosperity. It was to solve all of your problems, help was on the way.  But it was a big government blowout in the form of $350 billion in the  slush fund for blue cities, a State tax cut ban, a $60 billion tax  hike, subsidized government healthcare, and a union pension bailout.   Now, it is pretty clear who the Democrats were trying to rescue with  that bill. And it was not hard-working American taxpayers. They got the  shaft on that. And they know it.   And then, of course, we considered the infrastructure package that  had almost nothing to do with infrastructure, but it served as a very  useful vehicle for a lot of the Green New Deal.  [[Page S4163]]    Remember, Build Back Better--they couldn't get it across. They had to  break it into parts. So you have seen parts of it in different bills.  Part of it was in that infrastructure package.   To Tennesseans, this was a missed opportunity because they  desperately need meaningful improvements to broadband infrastructure  and access to high-speed internet connections. It was a missed  opportunity for all Americans seeing crime and drugs that are in their  communities because of that open border. And it was a missed  opportunity for the Keystone XL Pipeline and for support for American  energy.   Missed opportunities continue to be their thing. Just a few short  days ago, we passed a CHIPS and Science bill. Sounds really good and  constructive. But over the course of a few years, this ballooned from  an emergency investment in semiconductors into an almost $300 billion  gateway to industrial planning and, of course, more of the Green New  Deal.   My Democratic colleagues took an opportunity to unravel our dangerous  relationship with the Chinese Communist Party and squandered it on a  tee-up to seizing more control over the manufacturing and upstream  suppliers we should be empowering.   Fast forward to this month, and here we go again, sifting through a  package that costs nearly a trillion dollars, yet is somehow still  marketed as the Inflation Reduction Act.   And I will say to my Democratic colleagues and Senator Schumer and  Senator Manchin, the American people are laughing at the name of this  bill. They are laughing at this. They know better than this. They can  see right through what you have done. They know what is going on. And  they know that your priorities do not line up with their priorities and  their concerns.   In reality, this bill provides no pathway to reduce our current  inflation. It will, however, put pressure on the economy, raise taxes  on just about everyone, kills jobs, stifles innovation, weaponizes the  regulatory state against small businesses and private enterprise.   Now, all these things have the potential to devastate the economy and  make life harder for hard-working taxpayers.   I want to focus on how Joe Biden and the Democrats are using  regulators to overrule the will of the people and to seize more control  over the country because this tactic has truly been a favorite of the  Democrats. They expand the regulatory state. They issue mandates. They  institute lockdowns. And, there is that word again: ``control.'' They  are after the control.   If you need an example, look no further than the dozens of newly  arrived rules and regulations that they have used to gut American  energy. Radical climate activists in the environmental lobby won big  when those went into effect. But everyone else lost.   If you were an energy consumer, a truckdriver, someone who was  traveling, and workers who had their jobs just regulated out of  existence, that is what the Democrats did for you.   Here is another. In April, the Biden Border Patrol announced that  they were holding up construction on the border wall so that they could  do an environmental assessment.   Now, if you recall, this is one regulatory barrier that President  Trump eliminated when he took office because he understood the danger  posed by our lack of border security. He was listening to the American  people and the Border Patrol and people that lived there. He knew what  was happening.   Well, under President Biden, the open borders advocates won. But the  ranchers, the border communities, small-town law enforcement--they  lost.   The Biden administration loves to use the regulatory hammer so that  they can pick winners and losers that they want. They will punish you.  They will punish you. It is what they are doing with the bill that we  are considering tonight in the middle of the night, on the weekend,  when people are at the lake, when people are out with their children,  having fun, enjoying the summer. Here we are.   It is so interesting that they have married the strategy they used  last March by catering to--you guessed it--blue States, unions, and  climate justice warriors.   Here is just one example of one of the regulatory schemes contained  in the bill that will benefit the usual Democratic allies but wreak  havoc on everyone else. Right now, manufacturers that burn fossil fuels  can earn a $35 tax credit for every ton of carbon dioxide they capture  and store.   The bill cuts that tax credit down to $17. But there is a catch. A  business can earn an $85 tax credit if they comply with labor standards  that are laid out in the bill. This, of course, means that in order to  survive, manufacturers and fossil fuel companies will be mandated to  use union labor.   Nuclear power plants will have a similar hit. If this legislation  passes, they will earn $12 more per ton in tax credits if they go to  the unions instead of letting the free market determine who they hire.   Now, the problem here doesn't only have to do with unions versus  right-to-work policies. The problem is that the base tax credit  reductions in this bill were designed to kill companies that don't want  to play along with the left's green crusade and funnel money to Chuck  Schumer's political allies.   Hear me out. If, for example, you are running a utility in a right- to-work State and you want to keep taking advantage of tax credits, you  are going to be in a very tight spot. When this bill becomes law, you  will be stripped of your practical ability to hire right-to-work  employees and mandated to use union labor instead. The kowtowing to  union demands is also part of a pattern.   Just a few days ago, my Democratic colleagues killed my amendment to  the PACT Act that would have given toxic-exposed veterans expedited  access to community care. Now, why did they do that? To protect union  employees in VA facilities, of course. We can't take a step like that;  it might privatize VA, they seem to think.   Now, instead of the healthcare that they deserve, these veterans are  left with nothing but false hope--access to the queue but no access to  the care.   Over and over again, it never stops here in the Schumer Senate. The  Democrats say one thing; they turn around and do another thing.   The bill also increases renewable tax credits but only for projects  located in the so-called environmental justice communities, wherever  they are. That is a very creative way for my Democratic colleagues to  tell us they are using this increase to funnel money to the cities and  States they deem worthy of support.   The measure is simple: You comply or you go bankrupt. Then, again,  you might go bankrupt if you do comply. Doing so will increase project  costs and labor costs, which will, in turn, increase costs on  everything. Everyone loses except the Democrats and their political  allies.   Joe Biden and the Democrats have become famous for saying one thing  and doing another. They promise inflation reduction, then raise  manufacturing costs. They promise economic relief but then raise your  utility costs and your grocery bills. They assure the American people,  time and again, that Big Government can solve your problems, and then  they use Big Government to absolutely beat the living stew out of  private enterprise.   My Democratic colleagues have touted this latest disastrous version  of their ``Build Back Broke'' agenda as progressive. And I do hope the  American people are figuring out what ``progressive'' means: tax  increases, massive transfers of wealth, ideological conformity backed  by the full faith and credit of the United States.   If you want to be broke and grovel to the government, this bill is  for you. These hundreds of billions of dollars will serve a purpose but  not to reduce inflation or bring relief. Blue States, unions, radical  activists will once again come out on top. Meanwhile, families working  hard to make ends meet, workers, business owners, local leaders are  still on the verge of losing everything. I think my Democratic  colleagues know this, but they have decided that the pain and the  suffering is worth it. After all, they continue to tell us we need to  be transitioning. We need to be transitioning. I don't think people  like what they are going to have to transition to.   When I am home in Tennessee, they certainly don't like it. I will be  back Monday doing meetings across the State, and I will have to tell  them that, once again, the Democrats have taken advantage of their  desperation and their exhaustion with what is  [[Page S4164]]  going on. And, once again, the Democrats have sold them a bill of goods  that ignores our current crisis, prioritizes the pet projects the  Democrats have, and the American people are once again getting the  shaft. I will tell them that, for the Democrats, this isn't about  service; it is about control. It is about power. And to Tennesseans,  this is all frightening. They think that this is a reckless,  manipulative, dangerous abuse of power. There is very little, if  anything at all, that is pro ``we the people'' in this bill.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. President, I ask that we waive the reading.    Mr. President, right now, Chinese owners control more  than 194,000 acres of farm and forestry land valued at $1.9 billion, as  of the last accounting, right here in the United States. Now, much of  this farmland is located in close proximity to our military  institutions, and a lot of this farmland is being used so that Chinese- owned farm operations can compete with U.S. farmers.   My amendment would stop funds from this bill from ending up in the  hands of agents of the Chinese Government and their businesses. This is  a commonsense motion to commit.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   