 Mr. President, yesterday, I chaired a hearing focused on  driving home the devastating repercussions of the healthcare crisis  Republicans caused by overturning Roe and ending the right to abortion.   At that hearing, doctors and patients and experts spoke directly to  the chaos and harm Republicans are causing. Tens of millions of women  across the country now live in States where abortion has been banned or  is likely to be banned soon.   Republicans have ripped away every woman's ability to decide for  herself whether or not to keep a pregnancy. And it forced them to be  pregnant when they do not want to be. Republicans are denying women  control over their own bodies, endangering their health and putting  patients and providers in impossible, indefensible situations: doctors  unsure if they can save their patients without being punished;  pharmacists unsure if they can fulfill a prescription; people unsure if  they will be able to get Plan B, unsure if they will be able to use IVF  to start a family and afraid they could get reported or investigated or  even arrested for having a miscarriage.   And so many women forced to travel across State lines to get the  reproductive care they need. People forced to drive miles and miles  just to get the care that could save their lives. Good God, this should  be unthinkable. But as we saw at yesterday's hearing, that is exactly  the sort of oppressive regime, exactly the sort of nightmare reality  Republicans have chosen to champion.   My colleague, the junior Senator from Kansas, actually said the fall  of Roe was ``a positive development.'' Leader McConnell even called it  a ``gigantic leap forward.'' My colleagues  [[Page S3294]]  really think the devastation, the harm playing out across this country  is positive? That is despicable.   Of course, another thing we saw at that hearing is that Republicans  will do anything they can to change the subject from the damage that we  will see, to ignore the reality of how deadly their policies are.   News flash: When you force someone to be pregnant, they are going to  notice; they are going to remember; and they are going to be painfully  aware of the difference between their personal decision and the reality  Republican politicians are forcing on them.   And the horrifying thing is Republicans aren't just trying to mislead  about the real impact of this cruel agenda, they are pushing for a  national abortion ban. And Republican lawmakers have already set their  sights on ripping away the right to travel.   Let's be really clear what that means. They want to hold women  captive in their own States. They want to punish women and anyone who  might help them for exercising their constitutional right to travel  within our country to get the services that they need in another State.   I hope everyone really absorbs how extreme and how radical and how  un-American that is.   I mean, just imagine what bans like that would mean for people. In my  home State of Washington, the city of Clarkston is separated from  Lewiston, ID, by a river--just a bridge, that is it. People cross that  bridge every single day, without a second thought. And they cross State  borders just like it every day, by the millions.   Surely, we can all agree that crossing that bridge, crossing any  State border to go to the doctor and get healthcare you need should not  be a crime. Surely, that is common sense. Surely, every Republican who  has railed against Big Government could agree with me about that.   I will be honest, based on the shameless hypocrisy I have seen this  week, I doubt it. But we are about to find out because we are about to  request we pass a bill that my colleague from Nevada, along with  Senator Gillibrand, Senator Whitehouse, and I, introduced on Tuesday,  the Freedom to Travel for Healthcare Act. It is telling that some  Republicans are already saying that this is a solution in search of a  problem.   Well, let's be clear about the problem because it is real and it is  imminent. Conservative legal organizations are right now drafting  legislation to ban travel for abortion. It was discussed at two anti- abortion conferences already.   Republican Texas legislators are saying out loud they are working  with the National Association of Christian Lawmakers to draft bills  restricting travel modeled after their barbaric, vigilante abortion  ban. And there is already legislation introduced in Missouri to ban  abortion travel. Anyone telling you this is not a threat is not paying  attention or they are just trying to mislead you.   So there is a problem. Now, here is the solution. What this bill does  is simple, it protects every American's constitutional right to travel  across State lines and to travel in order to get or provide a lawful  abortion.   It prevents States from restricting or impeding Americans' right to  travel to access care and ensures there is legal recourse if States  attempt to restrict that right.   And it protects healthcare providers who are licensed to provide  abortions in the States where they are practicing. This should not be  controversial. We should all agree, Americans have a right to travel  within the United States and get the reproductive care they need.   So I urge my colleagues to support this proposal and to work with us  to make sure that Americans get access to the healthcare they need  where they need it.   I yield the floor.   