 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand for students, to stand for  parents' ability to make decisions for their own kids. Across the  country, children are struggling. Despite being nearly 2 years into the  pandemic now, tens of thousands of students started this year off still  being forced to learn from behind a screen, cut off from their peers.   Many school districts are mandating masks for children of all ages  against their parents' wishes. Parents should have the option to send  their kids to school in person and to decide whether or not they want  to have their kids wearing a mask at school. Thanks to the leadership  of our great Governor of Iowa, Governor Reynolds, and our hardworking  teachers in Iowa, parents have had the option to send their kids to  school in person in class for over a year.    Governor Reynolds stood for families by banning school mask mandates  and allowing parents--parents--to make this personal health decision  for their own children. That is at the heart of this issue we are  talking about today. Parents should be empowered. They should be  empowered to make choices that impact their children's physical and  mental health, their development, and their future.   As a mom, I know why parents across the country are standing up and  speaking out when they are being told that they can't decide what is  right for their kids or their family. And it is infuriating to watch  the very same people who push for kids to wear masks all day long, and  they are bending the rules for a photo op or maybe a night out on the  town. Meanwhile, kids are sitting at home instead of going to school,  and they are interacting with their friends in settings that are not  normal. They are interacting from behind a screen. That is why I  introduced the Unmask Our Kids Act.   My bill would condition Federal education dollars to schools on those  schools doing two very simple things: one, schools cannot receive  Federal dollars if they enact wide-reaching mask mandates. They have to  allow parents to decide whether their child will wear a mask at school;  and two, parents have to have an in-person learning option. Schools  must offer an in-person learning option. Our kids deserve normalcy.  They deserve a chance to learn in person. They deserve a chance to play  with their friends at recess.   This is about giving parents a voice and the final say when it comes  to personal health decisions that impact their family. This is about  giving school-aged kids who have endured so much over the last 2 years  a chance to finally just be kids, to be normal. The next generation is  too important not to fight for.   When it comes to our children and their well-being, we will not cave,  and that is why this legislation is so important. So let's put politics  aside here. Let's put kids first. We should pass the Unmask Our Kids  Act today.   