 Madam President, for over a year, officials in the  Biden administration have operated under the assumption that if they  keep repeating their far-left propaganda, they will be able to trick  the American people into believing that everything is OK. Don't believe  what you see. Don't believe what you are reading. Don't believe what  you are hearing from friends and neighbors. Just believe us. Everything  is fine. Prices aren't high. Crime is not high. The border is not open.  Everything is just fine.   The problem is, Tennesseeans know better than to believe this. They  have figured it out. They know the economy is not in a good place. They  know high gas prices are not Putin's fault. They know that spikes in  crime and drug overdoses--this is not normal. But most importantly,  they know that standing aside and letting the country fall apart is not  what a normal Presidential administration does; it is far from it.   The White House has worked overtime trying to convince the American  people that reports of the chaos along our southern border are  exaggerated. This is one of the most dangerous falsehoods the Biden  administration has tried to sell, and here is why. In May--May, this  month of May--this year, Border Patrol encountered more than 177,000  unique individuals trying to cross the border.   Border Patrol doesn't have the manpower or the resources to control  this wave of illegal immigration. I know it. I think my Democratic  colleagues know it. Certainly the ones who have taken the time to go to  the border know it. And, no doubt, the Biden administration knows it.   As I said, in May of this year, 177,000 different individuals were  encountered trying to cross that border. Now, Tennesseeans are very  worried about this, and they want to know why the President is not  worried about this. For goodness' sake, he has never taken the time to  go to the border. He has had five decades to go down there and look at  the border, and he has never taken the time to do it.   It really is pretty simple for ``we the people,'' the citizenry of  this country--the issue of whether the Democrats wish this country well  is no longer up for debate. They know that the left has abandoned them,  the people. They know that. They are seeing it every single day,  whether they are shopping for groceries, filling up the car. They see  it. They see it by the crime in the streets, the gangs. They know it.  They see it with the human trafficking and the suffering and the drugs  that are killing precious American lives.   Now, unfortunately, President Biden lost the opportunity to persuade  the American people otherwise on day 1 of his administration when he  chose to turn the American Southwest into a free-for-all. Since then,  things have only gotten more dangerous.   During the first 4 days of this month, law enforcement officials  arrested 3 members of MS-13, an 18th Street gang member, and multiple  convicted sex offenders as they tried to enter the country. On July 6,  they seized more than 1,000 pounds of meth from one single smuggler-- that is right, one smuggler. Do you think the drug dealers are  emboldened? Think about that--1,000 pounds of meth. So far this year,  they have seized almost 8,000 pounds of fentanyl, which is enough to  kill a small country.   Here is the question I would pose to the President: How many people  and how many pounds of drugs made it in while Border Patrol agents were  busy with the smugglers and criminals they managed to catch? Where did  the ``got-aways'' go? What did the ``got-aways'' have with them?   Well, that is a rhetorical question. We know exactly where they went,  and we know what they have with them. Do you know what, Madam  President. They are coming to our own cities, communities, towns, our  own backyards.   My Democratic colleagues may be happy to ignore the problem, but on  behalf of Tennesseeans, I will not ignore the problem. The threat is  too great.   If you ask any law enforcement officer--any--they will tell you that  this issue of the southern border is a matter of life and death. Not  just on the border but in each of our 95 counties in the State of  Tennessee--in each of our towns and cities--this open border is a  matter of life and death. In Tennessee, our sheriffs and police chiefs  want the border secured.    I have got to tell you, to so many Tennesseans, it is laughable-- laughable--that a White House spokesman would stand behind that podium  and look at the people and say: ``The border is secure.'' Who do they  think they are talking to? Do they think that people are not watching  the footage? Whether they are watching it on TV or streaming it or  looking at it on social media, they can see that this border is not  secure. They are talking to friends and relatives who live in a border  State, who live along that border, and they are telling them some of  the horrific stories that they are witnessing every single day in their  communities.   We know for a fact that the cross-border drug trade is alive and  well. Who is getting rich off this open southern border? Take a guess.  It is the drug cartels--the drug cartels--with enormous profits growing  into a global organization. That is right--global.   So far this year, people from 150 different countries have come  across our southern border. Chinese nationals are not trying to come in  here on a visa. They don't wish us well. The Chinese Communist Party is  hard at work. The Chinese Communist Party is paying the cartels $50,000  a pop to get people into our country that they want to by bringing them  across the southern border.   The Tennessean, which is our newspaper in Nashville, TN, recently  reported a truly horrific story about a multimillion-dollar crime ring  that is operating right out of Middle Tennessee. That is right. The  drug cartels are not fearful because Joe Biden has the welcome mat out:  Border open.   The kingpin was working directly with the Sinaloa drug cartel. That  is the one that primarily has the Arizona border. That is the one that  is bringing a majority of the drugs through Arizona. They like to focus  on fentanyl.   The traffickers who are working underneath this hoodlum are as  brutally violent as their friends down in Mexico. We know they are  responsible for multiple horrific assaults, kidnappings, at least one  murder, and the mutilation of a 22-year-old woman. They are also linked  to a local gang who terrorizes the streets of Nashville. That is right,  a drug kingpin working directly with the Sinaloa cartel. That is what  they are doing in Tennessee.   The violence does not stop at the border. The violence in this  country increases because of that open border and because of the  unwillingness of this administration to do anything about it. This  violence is bleeding into every town, every State, and it will not stop  until we have leaders in the White House and an administration who are  willing to put themselves in between these monsters and the American  people.   The fact that we can't talk about this without provoking hysteria in  the ranks of the Democratic Party tells me we are heading in the wrong  direction, but don't take my word for it; just read a number of polls  that are out there. I hope the President takes to heart that 33-percent  job approval rating that the New York Times reported on today. That is  about as significant a message as could be sent to this administration.  Only 33 percent of the American people approve of what this  administration is doing.   This administration has normalized things that even 5 years ago would  have shocked the conscience of your average Democrat. We talk about  spending in trillions of dollars now--a  [[Page S3197]]  trillion here and there, $6 trillion for COVID, and let's spend another  $2 trillion on ``Build Back Broke.'' The numbers just keep piling up.  We talk about apprehending 170,000 people at the border in a month--not  in a year but in a month. We talk about drug seizures in measures of  pounds, not ounces.   I was talking with one of our sheriffs in Tennessee, and we were  talking about this issue.   He said: You know, Marsha, we used to apprehend drugs, and it would  be in grams or it would be in ounces, and now nearly every seizure is  in pounds.   That is the change. The drug cartels are not fearful of being caught  or stopped at that border. They have figured it out.   Sadly, this is life in Joe Biden's America, but none of this--none of  it, nothing, not one part of what you are seeing in Joe Biden's  America--is compatible with an optimistic vision for the future, with  that phrase ``a more perfect Union,'' ``equal justice,'' ``equal  opportunity''--none of it. Why? When Tennesseans look at what Joe Biden  and the Democrats are doing, what they are seeing is a political  machine acting like they are on a deadline. They are burning through an  agenda that the American people did not ask for and they definitely do  not want.   Do they want higher taxes? Absolutely not.   Do they want an open border? They have said time and again, no.   Do they want higher crime? No.   Do they want drugs--fentanyl--killing 71,000 Americans in a year? No.  No.   Do they want the highest inflation that we have had in 40 years? No.   Do they want a foreign policy that doesn't work? We have a disaster  in Afghanistan. We have the Chinese Communist Party, after we have  Russia and Putin out here, acting like they are in control. We have the  axis of evil--Russia, China, Iran, North Korea--out trying to recruit  friends and allies into their axis of evil to not wish us well. Is that  what the American people want? No, it is not.   Do they want mandates? Do they want lockdowns? No, they do not. That  is not what they want.   The people of this country still have a vision for the future, but it  is hard to keep hope alive when the people in control of the government  have, obviously, lost control of this country.    I love going around Tennessee, and I love having great conversations  with people who will tell you they are Democrats or Republicans. They  want to know if the Democratic Party is delusional. Are they obsessed  with a socialist agenda? Are they out of touch with what it feels like  to not have money to fill up the gas tank, to not have money to buy  that full bag of groceries?   The idea that their President would allow our border to be open to  drug cartels and smugglers to take advantage of us, the people,  terrifies Tennesseans, but it is also something that makes them angry  because they know Joe Biden could do something about this if he wanted  to. They know that the Democratic Party, which runs everything in this  town--the House, the Senate, the White House--could do something about  this if they chose to.   Law enforcement, Border Patrol, and advocates who work with drug  addicts and the victims of human smuggling are in almost unanimous  agreement on a few points.   First, what I have heard from them is this President, President  Biden, must keep title 42 in place until there is a plan for how they  would replace it. Title 42 is essential. This President must embrace a  Remain in Mexico policy, and this President must do what the Border  Patrol has asked to be done for three decades, and that is to build the  wall and give them the tools they need to get their job done. These are  all of the things that President Biden could choose to do right now.   So why is he refusing to take action?   If you know, the American people would really like to have an answer  because they look at the chaos coming from this administration, the  chaos at the border, and the chaos on our streets, and they know that  this country deserves better.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress: Elizabeth McAlindon, Jordan Rupli, Steven  Szucs, Alexis Vance, Mark Fraenkel and Boaz Campbell.   