 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the  Allowing Greater Access to Safe and Effective Contraception Act and  against H.R. 8373. My colleague, Dr.   Michael Burgess, has listed its  many flaws, and this is an extreme bill from a desperate majority.   I was proud to join my colleague, Representative Hinson from Iowa, in  introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the  motion to recommit so we can bring this bill to the floor. This bill  would make FDA-approved oral contraceptives available for over-the- counter use.    In 2019, I championed similar legislation as a member of the Iowa  State Senate that would allow women over the age of 18 to access over- the-counter oral contraceptives.   As a physician, a former director of the Iowa Department of Public  Health, and a mother, I understand how important it is for women to  have increased access to oral contraceptives. The Iowa Senate knew it,  too, which is why our State senate passed that bill with overwhelmingly  bipartisan support, and it would have passed with only Republican  support.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 8373 and for  the motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, over the past month, the issue of abortion has been a  prevalent topic in the news in light of the Supreme Court's Dobbs  decision. I am pro-life. Most of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are not. But regardless of our stance, we can all agree that we  should enact policies to reduce the number of women who feel the need  to seek an abortion.   The evidence is clear. One of the best ways we can prevent abortions  is to increase access to contraception. Research has shown us time and  time again that if you make it easier for women to access oral  contraceptives, you lower the rate of unplanned pregnancies.   Providing over-the-counter contraceptives is safe and effective for  women. Oral contraceptives were first approved by the Food and Drug  Administration in 1960 and have been on the market since. But H.R. 8373  would allow non-FDA-approved drugs and devices.   The ones that have been approved are safe and pose fewer health risks  than some drugs that are already being sold over the counter. Oral  contraceptives are one of the most popular methods for preventing  conception and avoiding pregnancy.   In addition, women use birth control pills or oral contraceptives for  a variety of other reasons. They can use them for regulating  menstruation, to prevent anemia, to prevent painful heavy periods, and  to address acne.   Making oral contraceptives available over the counter will also  provide benefits to populations that have historically faced challenges  in accessing healthcare, such as low-income, rural, and young women.  The NIH conducted a study that compared women receiving oral  contraceptives through a prescription to women who were able to get  oral contraceptives over the counter. The results of this study  indicated that women were more likely to continue taking oral  contraceptives if they are able to buy them over the counter.   We can also ensure that young women have timely and more affordable  access to care, but we do not want women to circumvent getting their  preventative healthcare. We can ensure that young women who are  statistically less likely to seek regular care at a primary care  provider OB/GYN have access to oral contraceptives, and we can ensure  that low-income women who may face financial challenges in taking time  off their job to attend a doctor's appointment still have access to  oral contraceptives.   I want to be clear that this bill is not an effort to circumvent the  need for women to seek regular, preventative care. If oral  contraceptives are approved for over-the-counter use, then women should  continue to meet with their primary care provider, and they should  continue to see their OB/GYN. It is imperative that women are fully  apprised of any potential side effects of contraceptives and advised if  they are at increased risk of potential side effects, but that is not  what H.R. 8373 does. It does not protect women's health.   In my experience as a doctor in caring for women, we are  knowledgeable; we are capable; and we are not going to avoid going to a  doctor merely because we can get drugs or medicine without having seen  that provider for a prescription. So, I trust the intelligence and  capabilities of women to make informed decisions about their own care.   Let me be clear. Our oral contraception bill is pro-family, pro- women, and pro-life. H.R. 8373 is not.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing. Vote  ``yes'' on the motion to recommit and against H.R. 8373, and let's  bring this commonsense bill to the floor.   