 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule providing  for consideration of the Postal Service Reform Act. As the only Member  of Congress who has a 30-year career as a Postal Service employee, I am  honored to stand here today as the House takes action to protect the  Postal Service for generations to come.   Few know that the Constitution defines that America will have a post  office service. For more than two centuries, the hardworking employees  of the Postal Service have lived up to the agency's motto: ``Neither  snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the  swift completion of their appointed rounds.''   As the agency finds itself losing billions of dollars, it is time for  the Congress to step in and ensure the Postal Service can maintain its  commitment to providing prompt and reliable mail service. This bill  will provide the Postal Service with the critical reforms to help  address this long-term financial solvency. The Postal Service has  delivered the package. Today we have the opportunity to deliver the  package.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3076,  the Postal Service Reform Act.   As the only Member of Congress who served an entire career of 30  years at the post office before coming to this House, I am thrilled to  support legislation that will be the groundwork for the Postal Service  to continue serving America.   I came to Congress with a promise to my constituents and to this  country that I would fight to protect and to ensure that we uphold and  make sure that our Postal Service is strong. Throughout my career, I  was a letter carrier, a clerk, a supervisor, and then moved up to  management. I know firsthand how important the Postal Service is. As a  matter of fact, I call myself a public servant. I know the hard work of  our postal employees and how much this bill means to them and their  lives.   I know that, today, in a bipartisan way--how amazing is that to say  on this floor--we are working to uphold our commitment to address the  longstanding financial issues facing this agency.   Every day, the dedicated Postal Service workers deliver packages  around this country. They deliver them to us. Today, Congress has the  opportunity to deliver a package that will take care of the Postal  Service, one that is established by the Constitution, to ensure that  neither rain, sleet, nor snow will deter them from their appointed  rounds.   