 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak out  against the recent wave of hate attacks on transgender youth happening  across our country.   Over the last few months, we have seen extreme Republican lawmakers  take unprecedented steps to go after trans children and their families.  Not only are they spewing hateful rhetoric around gender identity-- making something personal and something a lot of Americans probably  don't think about every day into a cruel political cudgel--but they are  also using their political power and legal authority to target trans  people, and trans kids, in particular.   Last month, Texas Governor Greg Abbott made the decision to actively  investigate and target parents of transgender kids and providers,  making the totally false claim that gender-affirming care is child  abuse. In Idaho, just across the border from my home State of  Washington, lawmakers got dangerously close to passing legislation that  would criminalize providers for giving kids the gender-affirming care  they need. In Florida, there is a bill headed to the Governor's desk  which aims to erase gay and trans kids, parents, and teachers from our  schools by banning any discussion about gender identity or sexual  orientation.   While Democrats have been focused on getting our schools back open  and helping students catch up after 2 really tough years, Republicans  are targeting trans kids and gay students and taking incredibly  important and personal decisions away from parents and families.   Right now, it feels like far-right lawmakers are in a race to  legislate the most extreme, most hateful bill they can think of, at the  expense of trans kids. We all have a responsibility to stand up and  make clear this is not right. Trans people are our friends; they are  our neighbors; they are our families. Trans kids deserve to be just  kids--to play sports, to go to school, to see a doctor, or to get  healthcare. They should be able to get the same opportunities as any  other child, to learn and grow and play and thrive free from fear and  discrimination. And parents deserve to be able to make their own  parenting decisions with their medical providers to do what is best for  their kids' health. They should not have to worry about what a  rightwing politician thinks is best for their kids. And they definitely  shouldn't live in fear  [[Page S1214]]  that a State legislature is going to intervene in their parenting  decisions and hurt their child.   So we have to push back against these attacks on trans kids in every  way that we can--in the courts, with legislation, through Executive  action, and by speaking out and speaking up because I can tell you,  having just talked to my constituents in Washington State, the hurt and  fear the Governor of Texas has caused is not staying in Texas. What  Greg Abbott said about trans kids has an effect on many States. I wish  it didn't, but the truth is: All of those measures are not only really  scary for trans families across the country, but they also embolden  more hateful rhetoric and even violence against trans people; and it is  harming trans kids' mental health no matter where they live.   We have to be louder than Greg Abbott or whoever is taking aim at  trans kids. We have to push for legislation like the Equality Act that  would send a powerful message of support and fairness for trans and gay  Americans. And we have to stand up for a future without this hateful  hate, harm, and division that we are seeing and with a lot more  compassion for each other. It is not too much to ask.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I got my  start in national politics as a parent advocating for my kids'  preschool program. I am a former preschool teacher. I am a former  school board member. I  [[Page S1215]]  am now chair of the Senate Education Committee. I have worked across  the aisle on fixing No Child Left Behind. I have also fought against  efforts--many during the former administration with Betsy DeVos as  Secretary of Education--because I felt they took us further from the  goal of making sure that every student in our country, no matter who  they are or where they live or how much money their parents make, can  get an excellent public education and all the opportunity that comes  with it.   All this is to say that I could not care more deeply about making  sure every child gets the chance to learn and succeed in life, and my  belief that parents should be as involved as possible in their kids'  education could not be more firmly or personally held. In fact, I can  remember the times when, as a U.S. Senator with young kids at home  myself, I would try to read all my memos at night and help with their  homework. I wanted my own kids to have that support from me, just like  I want every parent to be able to be on top of what is going on in  their kids' school.   I also know from talking to my own family and so many students and  families across Washington State that these last two years have been  some of the toughest, most overwhelming times for parents and kids that  many of us can remember.   Here in the Senate, our job is to recognize that and do everything we  can to get things back on track, which is why Democrats acted quickly  to pass the American Rescue Plan and give schools the resources they  need so they could reopen and stay open safely.   We also recognized that after 2 really disruptive years, many  students would need extra help, so the American Rescue Plan is, as we  speak right now, paying for afterschool programs and tutors and summer  learning so students all across the country can catch up.   I will remind you that this bill to help reopen schools safely and  keep them open passed with zero Republican votes--not one. Not only  that, Senate Republicans have come to the floor twice last month alone  with ideas about snatching Federal funding away from our schools, and  Republican leaders even rolled out a plan that would eliminate the  Department of Education altogether. Could there be a clearer message  about their priorities?   At all times but especially after the last 2 years, there is no  excuse for anything short of an all-hands-on-deck national effort to  put students' education first, but, unfortunately, here is what we have  got happening: Democrats acted to reopen our schools safely and keep  them open. Congressional Republicans, down to the last one, voted no.   Democrats believe that quality public education for every student is  a good investment. The Republican Party keeps putting forward ideas to  gut public education. Democrats want to lower student debt and the cost  of tuition. Republicans are virtually nowhere to be seen on those  issues. Democrats want students to learn. Republican legislatures  across the country want to ban books.    To sum it up, Democrats want every student to have the ability to get  a great education. We are focused on that. We are serious about it, and  we are working on it. Meanwhile, Republicans at all levels--and the  resolution we are debating today is a case in point--want to use  students and parents and schools as political pawns rather than  focusing on making sure every single student in our country can get a  high-quality education and be able to succeed.   In fact, I just spoke this afternoon with trans kids and parents  about what is going on in Texas and other parts of the country. These  kids are brave, but they are scared. Their parents are worried about  being investigated by the State just because a politician has decided  he doesn't like how they are raising their kids.   How are kids supposed to focus on learning when their safety is in  question? How are their friends supposed to focus on learning when  their classmates are dealing with something like this? Why are parents  having to worry about whether they will get investigated for raising  their kids according to their beliefs, their doctor's advice, and their  kids' needs?   When and if Senate Republicans are truly serious about focusing on  getting American students the great education they need and deserve, we  will know because Republicans and Democrats might be able to come  together again and put students and parents and schools first. I know  that is possible because I have worked with Republicans to make this  happen.   So today I would like to give my colleague an opportunity to take the  first step in the right direction. In a moment, I will ask consent to  pass a bill that would help our students.   If we agree we want parents involved in their kids' education and if  we agree that this is a moment when students, like so many Americans,  are stressed and need us to have their backs, which I really hope we  do, then let's send more counselors and nurses to our Nation's schools.  Let's prioritize STEM education and advanced coursework and make them  available to more of our K-12 students. Let's make students' mental  health a top priority so they can focus on learning.   So I will be asking unanimous consent on legislation that would help  us all do this--importantly, in a way that seeks parents' input  directly on what will matter most to their kids and their communities.   If you are trying to get our schools back on track, this should be an  easy yes vote because it will be a vote for students' education,  parents' peace of mind, and actually doing something real about the  tough challenges students and parents are facing.   I hope my friend from Oklahoma will support it and that moving  forward, Republicans will take education as seriously as they claim to  and reverse course and join us in working to meet this moment for  students' and parents' sake.   At this time, I object to the Senator from Oklahoma's unanimous  consent.    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the Murray  bill, which is at the desk, a bill to appropriate funds for students'  academic and mental health needs. Further, I ask unanimous consent that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   