 Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senator Grassley  in introducing the Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection  Reauthorization Act of 2022.   Human trafficking and modern slavery are abhorrent crimes that are a  scourge on our country and the world. In 2022, there are an estimated  40 million victims of human trafficking and modern slavery worldwide.  These crimes generate approximately $150,000,000,000 of revenue  annually.   Perpetrators of human trafficking prey on vulnerable and marginalized  communities, which disproportionally impacts women and girls, migrants,  people of color, and LGBT individuals.   According to Polaris--the anti-human trafficking organization that  runs the National Human Trafficking Hotline--in 2021, the hotline was  contacted directly over 13,000 times by victims and survivors of human  trafficking in the United States. In the last 2 years, since the  beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the hotline has had a 60 percent  increase in total contacts.   There is also evidence that labor trafficking in the agricultural  industry may have increased during the pandemic. In June 2021, Polaris  released a report finding that, ``[a]mong reported labor trafficking  victims, there was more than a 70 percent increase in those who held  H2-A visas.''   This is unconscionable, and more must be done to combat human  trafficking. That is why Senator Grassley and I have introduced the  Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of  2022.   This bill builds on the pillars of anti-human trafficking policy-- prevention, protection, prosecution, and partnership--in order to  protect victims and rid the world of this heinous crime.   This bill aims to prevent human trafficking by requiring enhanced  anti-human trafficking education and training for all Federal  departments and agencies.   It would also require all Federal contractors to certify that they do  not engage in the trafficking of persons and that no human trafficking  occurred in that contractor's supply chain. The bill also encourages  large private corporations to make the same types of certifications.   I am particularly proud of how this bill advances the goal of  protecting victims and survivors of human trafficking. This bill not  only reauthorizes existing grant programs, but it also creates a new  grant for education and employment training for survivors of human  trafficking.   The bill establishes a pilot program that provides services--such as  education and employment programs, housing, and substance use disorder  treatment--for youth who face a heightened risk of trafficking.   And to continue learning how to best support victims and survivors of  trafficking, the bill calls for a study on the accessibility of mental  health and substance use disorder services for survivors.   This bill also enhances the Federal Government's ability to prosecute  human traffickers.   Importantly, it bars government officials investigating human  trafficking cases from engaging in sexual contact with victims during  the course of the investigation. And it further provides protection  from retaliation and intimidation and creates a new penalty for  obstructing human trafficking investigations.   Finally, the bill will facilitate partnerships by creating a new  grant program that encourages collaboration between State child welfare  and juvenile justice agencies. This is important because youth involved  in the juvenile justice and child welfare system face a heightened risk  of human trafficking.   Additionally, the bill promotes coordination at the Federal level by  encouraging enhanced communication and data sharing between State and  Federal agencies and across the branches of government.   This bill will strengthen our government's response to human  trafficking as well as the services that we provide to victims and  survivors.   I am hopeful that we will be able to pass this bipartisan bill this  Congress. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this  important, comprehensive legislation to protect trafficking victims.   