 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, this is a dark, enraging moment for our  Nation. I have made that clear already, and so have so many of our  Democratic colleagues. But I am speaking on the floor today because we  cannot back down for a minute. We cannot lose sight of the terrifying  reality that Republicans want to end the right to abortion, and they  are within weeks of accomplishing that goal.   Very soon, the Supreme Court is set to overturn Roe v. Wade and  fulfill Republicans' decades-long goal of controlling women's bodies  and rolling back everyone's fundamental right to decide whether or not  to start a family.   Let me say that again because it is shocking, and it is true. In a  matter of weeks, women across the country will lose a constitutional  right they have had for half a century. The steady march forward to  secure women's rights that generations before us fought for will be  reversed, and my daughter and granddaughters will have fewer rights  than I did.   Women will be forced to carry pregnancies to term when it is not  right for them, and Republicans will be responsible. This is the future  that they have been fighting for. This is the America that they want,  and they are not done yet.   Republicans are hell-bent on rolling back the clock. Last week, they  blocked our bill to protect Roe and the right to abortion, but they are  not going to stop at overturning Roe and shredding patients' rights to  make decisions about their own bodies. In States across the country,  Republican lawmakers are banning abortion without exceptions. They are  targeting people who help a women get an abortion, doctors who are  providing essential healthcare, friends and family members who are just  supporting a loved one, and even the drivers just doing their job and  helping patients get to medical appointments.   Republicans are working around-the-clock to make it harder for women  and families to control their own futures. They are coming after the  birth control and IUDs that tens of millions rely on to plan a family  on their own terms. They are coming after Plan B. They are even putting  patients' ability to get the IVF care they need to help start a family  at risk.   My Republican colleagues right here in the Senate have made clear  that they have their sights set on something really extreme: They want  a nationwide ban on abortion. Republicans aren't content with some  States banning abortion and creating health crises that spill across  State lines; they want to eliminate the right of every woman in America  to get an abortion in Washington State and everywhere else. It is not  hypothetical, and it is not some far-off worry. It is appalling, and it  is completely backward.   Republicans want to force us all with them into their time machine,  but we are not going to let them. Democrats are fighting Republicans'  increasingly extreme policies at every step of the way.    In the coming weeks, we are going to remind each and every American  of the rights that Republicans want to rip away. We won't allow  Republicans to run and hide from the reality of their extreme agenda.  We are going to be on the floor each week highlighting how Republicans  are doing everything they can to hit rewind on our rights, highlighting  every protection and freedom that Republicans are ripping away from  people across the country, and we are going to show the country how  Republican policies hurt everyone. We are going to expose the  Republicans' radical and unpopular views on everything from abortion to  family planning to sex ed. We are going to make clear who is hurt most  by their extremism.   This fight did not end when the Republicans blocked the Women's  Health Protection Act last week--far from it. People across the country  are fed up with Republicans' attacks on their rights. They are fired  up, and they are fighting back, and so am I, and so are my Democratic  colleagues.   I yield the floor.   