 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and, Mr. Speaker, I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Today, we are here to consider a rule providing for consideration of  H.R. 3807, the Relief for Restaurants and other Hard Hit Small  Businesses Act.   This legislation gives a check to the Small Business Administration  without accountability or oversight mechanisms or even taking into  account SBA's feedback.   Mr. Speaker, this bill appropriates an additional $55 billion to  restaurants and small businesses, none of which is paid for. According  to the Congressional Budget Office, as much as $340 billion in  unobligated funds from various COVID relief legislation is available  for expenditure, but we are not reallocating those. Instead, we would  be relying on more deficit spending to provide these sums.  Structurally, this bill is not going to work. This is a lot of money,  and it seems that Democrats just want to throw it to the wind, because  when you look at how the funds are being distributed, this bill will  not fix the problem. This is something that could have been addressed  had the bill gone through the committee process.    Because this bill is not immediately or responsibly paid for, it  would further fuel the inflation crisis, which currently sits at a 40- year high of 7.9 percent. Inflation is the number one problem facing  small businesses, according to them. That is what they are saying.  Instead of pushing through drastic increases of inflation-inducing  deficit spending, we must work together to advance progrowth policies  that empower small businesses to operate independently without  burdensome restrictions.   I need to point out the political game Democrats are playing this  session. They are proposing bills that have titles that make them seem  like commonsense bills, but really, they are disingenuous attempts to  fix real problems.   This was true of last week's insulin bill, and it is true of this  bill. What is worse is they know that they are not coming up with real  solutions. That is why we are now looking at yet another bill that has  not been through the committee process, there has been no transparency,  no opportunity to discuss, no public or minority input, and has real  flaws as a result that will only exacerbate the problems my colleagues  have created. My Democratic colleagues do not want to negotiate with  Republicans or allow any input from anyone to come up with a bill that  would actually help people.   It is also why my colleagues did not take up the ENTREE Act, which  was introduced last summer, at a time when restaurants really needed  it. That bill was also aimed at helping restaurants and small  businesses recover from the damage done by the pandemic with proper  oversight and constraints and didn't include discriminatory language  that prioritized certain groups based on criteria other than need. That  eventually, the Supreme Court had to put a stop to.   Now, we need to be focusing on the crises that are going on that are  going to become problems for restaurants this year: workforce and  inflation. We are still seeing ``help wanted'' signs all over the  country. Businesses are desperate for a workforce. Congress needs to  stop paying people to stay at home and encourage them to work. And  inflation is hitting every single corner of the economy. Between  increasing prices on all goods, and the effects we are already starting  to feel in the food industry from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,  consumers are going to start feeling the pain. And, unfortunately, when  you are trying to save money, going out to eat is not one of the first  things a family typically does. We need to be getting ahead of these  issues, not coming up with insincere attempts under the guise of COVID  relief.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bill, and I ask  Members to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I would just like to mention, we continue to talk about whether or  not this is paid for. I respectfully ask: Where is the CBO score? That  would answer the question if we actually had done any--put this  legislation through any kind of process, through committee, getting the  CBO score.   So I would question as to whether or not it was actually all paid  for, as my colleague mentions. But I do think that if we had the CBO  score, we could decide, finally, if it was paid for or not.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to provide for consideration of Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers and  Congressman Westerman's American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with the extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, for the fifth time, Republicans ask  their colleagues to consider this bill. The average price at the pump  two days before President Biden took office was $2.38 per gallon. They  have been steadily climbing ever since.   On February 14, 6 days before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the  average price for per gallon was $3.49. These prices are affecting  every single American.   When adjusted for the increasing prices on all goods, thanks to  failed Democrat policies, wages and salaries are below pre-pandemic  levels. My constituents are pleading with Congress to focus on this  issue and are being ignored by the out-of-touch majority.   Now, for the fifth time, House Republicans are urging the majority to  immediately bring relief at the pump now. While my colleagues continue  to bring flawed, misguided, and unvetted legislation to the floor,  House Republicans stand ready to work on issues that directly affect  American's pocketbooks.   To further explain the amendment, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that my colleague from New York would love  to have the conversation, would love to have the conversation in the  appropriate venue, and I think we would also love to have that  conversation, particularly in a committee if we could hear the bill.  But the majority has chosen to shut out almost every single Republican  bill and not hold hearings where that would be the appropriate venue.   For now, I suggest to my colleague from New York that he talk to his  leadership about actually hearing this bill in committee, having the  conversation, and having the transparency and the input that we could  from the public. Until that time, Mr. Speaker, this is our venue.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Carl).    Mr. Speaker, with all due respect, restaurants and  small businesses are facing difficulties, and one of those challenges  is high energy costs. Delivery costs go up. It costs more for their  employees to get to work. It costs more for all of those things because  of high energy costs. So this does affect restaurants and small  businesses. I think this affects restaurants, small businesses, and  every American.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Obernolte).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I appreciate that my colleague from New York  talks about an extraneous issue. But gas prices and the cost of energy  in America is a serious issue, and it is facing every American. Every  American is paying more at the pump, and they are facing the decision  in their family budget of how they are going to use that.   In 2020, the last administration added 30 million barrels of oil to  the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Now the Biden administration is  weighing a plan to release roughly 1 million barrels of oil a day from  this reserve for months on end, and this is after he released 30  million barrels in early March  [[Page H4236]]  and 50 million barrels of oil back in November which did nothing to  prevent a spike in energy prices.   Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers and Congressman Westerman have  introduced the American Energy Independence Act to reverse President  Biden's disastrous anti-American energy policies. This bill is a real  solution, and it needs to be heard. We need to talk about this to the  American people.   This bill, H.R. 3807, that we have before us is not going to help  restaurants and small businesses. But, of course, that is not the  Democrats' intention anyway. If it were, they would have brought this  bill through committee and worked with Republicans to build an  effective piece of legislation.   Instead, their intention is to push this legislation through that  sounds good so that they can use it as a talking point to distract from  their failed policies. This bill is just another example of the  Democrats' reckless spending habits. Their solution to the effects of  inflation is to throw even more money at it.   When will my colleagues learn that spending is what causes the  inflation?   It is time for more pro-growth policies, not government handouts.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the rule and the underlying bill, I ask Members  to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   