 Mr. President, last week, Republicans made clear that  despite the clear outcry from people across the country, overturning  Roe was just their first step. Republicans want a national abortion  ban. Republicans want to force my constituents to stay pregnant even  when they do not want to be and to go after the doctors who provide  abortion care.   I am here today to continue to say in no uncertain terms that  Democrats are not going to stand for it. While Republicans are busy  threatening the rights of women in every State across the country and  threatening doctors with jail time, Democrats are here to defend  abortion rights and defend the doctors who provide that care, because  even before Republicans dropped their national abortion ban bill, I was  hearing from providers in my home State of Washington who are facing a  huge influx of patients due to Republicans' extreme bans.   Just yesterday, the Texas Tribune shared the heartbreaking story of a  woman who learned that the pregnancy she had wanted so badly was  incompatible with life, that her daughter was developing without a  skull or brain. But because Republicans in Texas think they know better  than this woman or her doctor, she had to travel for treatment from  Dallas all the way to Seattle to get the care she needed.   Providers on the ground in my State tell me there are so many more  patients being forced to make a trek like that. They are worried about  caring for them, and not just because it is for so many more patients,  not just because Republicans are straining resources and causing a  healthcare crisis that puts women's lives at risk; healthcare  professionals are also deeply worried about how Republicans' extreme  laws threaten their practices. They are terrified Republicans will take  away their livelihoods and even their freedom just for doing their  jobs, just for providing the care their patients need--care that is,  once again, completely legal in my State.   They are right to be scared. When it comes to Republicans' extreme,  no-holds-barred anti-abortion agenda, the writing is on the wall, and  it has been for some time. Even before this latest bill, Republican  State lawmakers were already drafting legislation that would make it a  crime to provide abortion care to a resident even in another State  where it is legal, and they were doing this while at the same time  trying to claim they didn't want to throw doctors in prison.   On top of all of that, they were standing in the way of the bill I  will offer today to protect healthcare providers. This is a really  straightforward bill. It simply protects doctors providing legal  abortion care.   The last time I tried to pass it, the junior Senator from Indiana  said he was concerned about this bill ``allowing abortions for anyone  who crosses the State lines and is not a resident of that State.'' In  other words, Republicans are worried about all the patients I mentioned  earlier who are traveling to Washington State seeking abortion care  that they urgently need. Republicans don't think they should be able to  travel to Washington State to get healthcare, and they want to allow  other States to target Washington State doctors, to threaten them for  providing legal abortion care.    That is extreme. It is not what doctors want, and it is definitely  not what the American people want. Women and men across the country do  not want politicians making their healthcare decisions and throwing  their doctors in prison. They want to be able to make their own  decisions about their own bodies, their own families, their own future.  They want doctors to be able to focus on doing their jobs, not fearing  a jail sentence.   So I urge my Republican colleagues to step aside and allow us to pass  the Let Doctors Provide Reproductive Health Care Act. This legislation  is so straightforward. It protects doctors providing legal abortion  care, and it ensures that they can practice medicine and save lives  without fear of legal threats and intimidation. It makes clear that the  attacks we have seen on doctors are unacceptable and that politicians  should not be harassing or scaring or investigating, threatening, or  punishing doctors for providing care that is perfectly legal, that  patients want, and that in many cases is even necessary to save lives.   If Republicans have been doing what I have been doing, if they have  been actually listening to doctors and patients, then they should  reverse course and let us get this commonsense bill passed. But if they  continue blocking these steps, if they continue ignoring the outcry  from every corner of the country, if they continue to undermine the  health of patients seeking care and the freedom of healthcare providers  doing their jobs, they should know we are not going to stop pushing  back. There is too much at stake.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 4723; that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I am deeply disappointed. I am not  surprised. We continue to see Republicans show their true, harsh  colors, and the contrast with Democrats could not be more stark.   We simply want people to get the healthcare they need and let them  make their own medical decisions. Republicans want to ban abortion  nationwide. We want to protect doctors. Republicans want to threaten  and penalize or even jail them just for doing their job, even when they  are following their State's laws.   Mr. President, rest assured, I will continue speaking up for our  healthcare providers, for families, for patients. And as we continue to  see  [[Page S4884]]  this extremism, I want to assure everybody that I am not going to stop  fighting.   Mr. President, someone should be allowed to travel out of their own  State to get the healthcare they need. It is unbelievable that the  Republicans block this bill.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   