 Madam President, I would like to thank my fellow  Senator, Senator Ernst from Iowa, for leading the delegation trip that  we took this past weekend, the bipartisan delegation. It was most  informative, impactful, and she did a wonderful job leading that. I was  proud of the efforts.   I am here to join my colleagues today to discuss the invasion--the  unjust and immoral invasion of Ukraine by Vladimir Putin--in light of  the trip that we just took to Germany and to Poland. In a way, I am  kind of hesitant to do so, not because there isn't a lot to say or a  lot to share but because of the powerful words that some of the  Ukrainians whom we met implored us, which was: Enough talking. It is  time to act.   I could not agree more. But out of deep respect for them, I would  like to take a moment to make sure we all understand why we have to act  and why we must act now.   As Americans, you realize this when you talk to--we did, certainly,  when we were talking with Germans and other Europeans. We don't have  the same perspective sometimes that Europeans have who faced World War  II. One of the most powerful comments conveyed when we were meeting  with German officials was that their new generation who has heard for  decades about the atrocities from their parents and their  grandparents--they were told this would never happen again. And yet  what we see is that it is happening again.   This is an unjust war, and there seems to be no level of atrocity  that Vladimir Putin is unwilling to commit. Putin overestimated his  ability, his army, his ability to conquer. ``This must be over in 3  days,'' according to him. He overestimated his own abilities, and he  grossly underestimated the will of the Ukrainian people and the will to  not just live but to live freely.   On top of this, Putin has also failed to understand the commitment of  the free world--of NATO--to stand up for freedom. We certainly saw that  over the last several days.   We, in our Nation and in our history, know that freedom is worth  fighting for, and it is also worth defending. Generations have done  this in our past and will do this in the future. We believe this to our  core.  [[Page S1729]]    We also believe that the deliberate and evil bombing of hospitals,  targeting supply routes, and killing civilians are the actions of war  criminals.   But in the face of all of this evil, we see hope. We see hope from  the Ukrainian people; we see hope from the Ukrainian leadership; we see  hope from the Ukrainian military; and we see hope in our own military  forces as a part of NATO, including all nations of NATO as well as the  generosity of people around the world, the nongovernmental  organizations we saw helping at the refugee center, and, most  especially, the Polish people. We saw them stepping in militarily. And  on the humanitarian side, we saw an incredible outpouring. We saw  this firsthand at the refugee center.    Poland has now taken in over 2 million people into their country,  which is more than the entire population of my State. During our trip,  as I said, we visited the refugee center where Ukrainians are going  first to be processed as they are leaving and having to flee their  country. After this, they end up not at another refugee center but most  likely in somebody's home or a friend's. That is the level of care and  support that they are receiving. And that is the level of care and  support that they deserve as a tribute of their willingness to fight  and defend their freedom. Many of these women and children--mostly  women and children--are leaving their husbands and their homes behind.   Ukraine is united. As we were told, Ukraine will fight to the last  man. May it never come to the last man because the free world must  help. Make no mistake, the United States of America has chosen a side.  We side with freedom. We side with the people of Ukraine.   Just a few weeks ago, Congress passed $14 billion in support for  Ukraine and Central European allies amid Putin's unprovoked war. It is  critical to get these funds and equipment to them now because time is  of the essence.   As an example, Congress took an extra week to pass this package. When  you are there on the ground talking to the leadership who are trying to  push back on Putin, a week is a lifetime--a week is a lifetime. So we  cannot afford to hesitate or to cause inaction.   In our efforts to get them funds--lethal aid--and to oppose sanctions  on Russia, we must act now and keep acting.   Madam President, as you know--you were on the trip, as well--we met  with diplomats and generals, representatives from many of our executive  branch Agencies, NGOs, brave soldiers, including many from our home  States. But I will never forget the words of a woman we met named  Katarina, whom we met at the refugee processing center. She said, in  desperate tones, she didn't want to leave Ukraine. She didn't want to  leave her home. She wants to live in freedom and peace, but she has a  6-year-old and 8-year-old who are constantly hearing the sirens of bomb  alerts, the sounds of bombing--just the violence. She had no choice.  She had to leave to protect her children.   Let's do what we can, as much as we can, and as fast as we can--and  that last part is critical--to return freedom to Ukraine and justice to  those who do not respect the sovereignty of nations. This is really  what we owe every child in Ukraine, in Germany, in Poland, and in the  United States.   I yield the floor.   