 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, like most of my colleagues, I spent  the weekend monitoring the war in Ukraine. I took the opportunity to  join the video conference with President Zelenskyy. I don't know how  anyone could have hung up from that call confused about Vladimir  Putin's intentions with Ukraine. Indeed, I think we saw that Vladimir  Putin has ill intent for anyone who opposes him.   What is happening in Ukraine is not a ``special military operation,''  as Putin likes to say; it is an all-out war. Putin has caused a massive  humanitarian and human rights crisis, and even though the world is  collapsing around him, he has given no indication of pulling back.   The sanctions imposed by the free world have had a devastating impact  on Russia's economy. The ruble just crashed to a record low. The United  States just instituted a ban on Russian flights over our airspace.  Sports organizations, entertainers, and private corporations are all  avoiding Russia like the plague.   If Putin's goal was to transform Russia into another ``hermit  kingdom,'' he is well on his way to making that dream a reality. The  very idea seems insane, but remember, Vladimir Putin may be a madman,  but he is a madman who is very intentional in what he is doing. He is  reading the terrain, and he sees that the world's foremost superpower  is too busy worrying about optics to do the one thing that would send  Russia's economy back to the stone age.   Putin sent his army to invade Ukraine on February 24. The Ukrainian  people have endured 11 days of savagery, and we still have not imposed  meaningful sanctions on the Russian energy sector. But now, the entire  world knows that Putin is using energy as a weapon.   Russia is now the U.S.'s third largest supplier of crude oil. The  European Union gets about 40 percent of its gas imports and more than a  quarter of its oil from Russia. We are feeling the pain every time we  put gas in our cars, but looking at oil prices is still a bright spot  in Putin's day.   Russia is really a great big oil depot with an army, and he knows  that much of the world is depending on Russian oil. He is financing his  war with every single tank of U.S. gas at a time. Every time you pull  up to fill up your tank, this is what is happening. As long as Joe  Biden refuses to tear us free from our entanglement with Russian  energy, he is complicit with every single barrel of oil that he buys.   Energy is the most powerful economic weapon that Putin has at his  disposal. It is his currency. The only way to neutralize it is to cut  off the revenue stream. We must sanction the Russian energy sector, and  we must do it now. We must end the purchasing of Russian oil. It is  important to our partners in Ukraine and to our own Nation's security.   Last year, Joe Biden made the unilateral decision to destroy energy  independence in the United States when he canceled the Keystone  Pipeline and banned new oil and gas leases on Federal land--that is  right.   Colleagues, in January 2021, we were energy independent. We were a  net exporter of energy. But Joe Biden changed all that. He decided that  by Executive order--not by a vote of the House or the Senate but by  Executive order--he was going to end energy independence. So where does  that put us? It has placed us right into the hands of a warmonger who  is hellbent on recreating the U.S.S.R. And his weapon, No. 1 weapon, is  energy. He does indeed think he has got you over the barrel.   Our energy sector needs certainty, not a series of actions based on  the President's political whims, and we should give them that certainty  by allowing us to move to energy independence.   I implore the President to see reason and to end this dangerously  foolish entanglement with Moscow and Russian oil.   On that note, I think it should be made clear to everybody that the  answer is not to go to Venezuela and negotiate to buy Venezuelan oil  from another madman, and the answer is not to have the Russians working  as an intermediary on a new Iran nuclear deal, which, by the way, the  people of this country do not want to be entangled with Iran.   By the way, we hear they are negotiating to buy Iranian oil. This is  about the dumbest damn thing I have ever heard of. It is amazing. You  are going to go do business with Venezuela and with Iran and have the  Russians involved in the middle of that? This is astounding.   This weekend, as I talked to Tennesseans, they could not believe that  this administration would be stooping to such.   Sanction Russian energy. Restart the Keystone Pipeline. Open up  capped wells. Stop flaring natural gas. Put it into the supply chain.  Make certain that you are drilling domestically, exploring  domestically. Do it before it is too late.   Our mission as Americans has not changed. We have a duty to preserve  and protect freedom. The sheer availability of live footage and  photographs flowing out of Ukraine has highlighted the importance of  that mission to protect and preserve security.   This isn't the first time that Putin has invaded sovereign territory,  but it is the first time that his crimes have been live-streamed for  the entire world to see.   And as far as the free world is concerned, most of us have correctly  identified the villain, but there are more than a few people out there  who need persuading, and it is our job to help keep the information  flowing.   Early on in the war, Putin launched cyber attacks to destabilize  Ukraine and prevent communications with the outside world. Through my  work on the Armed Services Committee, I have supported funding for  domestic programs that would help protect State and local governments  here in the United States from these types of attacks.   In the fiscal year 2022 NDAA, we created the Civilian Cyber Security  Reserve Program to make sure that our Federal Government can keep up  with cyber threats like the ones from Moscow being launched at the  Ukrainians, but when it comes to defending freedom, shoring up our own  defenses is not enough. We have to look outward and prevent the kinds  of vulnerabilities Putin is trying to create.   Last week, I introduced the Internet Freedom and Operations Act with  my colleague Senator Menendez. This legislation builds off of the work  we did together on the Open Technology Fund Authorization Act. It would  authorize more than $100 million to support programs and circumvention  technologies that keep the internet up and running in conflict zones  and under other repressive media environments. We have successfully  used this technology to put control over information back in the hands  of the people, right where it belongs.   Dictators like Putin suppress dissent for a reason. The truth is that  free speech scares them to death. They don't want it. They want cancel  culture--only one point of view, and it is theirs.   From where I am sitting, it is clear that Putin is right to be  fearful of the resistance in Ukraine and around the world and  especially in his own country, as his citizens are taking to the  streets--thousands protesting, thousands being arrested--so that they  can push forward with freedom in their countries.   I would encourage my colleagues to support the freedom fighters in  Ukraine and elsewhere, support them by signing on to the INFO Act.  Again, I thank Senator Menendez for his work on that.   We have talked a lot lately about sanctions and Stingers and  ammunition, but I would argue that what has  [[Page S1010]]  rattled Putin the most is how powerless he is to stop people from  speaking. As I mentioned earlier, his war crimes are being broadcast in  real time to anybody who has a screen and an internet connection.   Russian citizens are protesting in the streets against the Russian  Government. His struggling military is the subject of intense ridicule  on every digital platform. It is a propagandist's worst nightmare and  the source of immense hope for the Ukrainian people. And--God bless  them--they are in the fight.   We have a duty to help keep that hope alive, and I would encourage my  colleagues who haven't yet realized this to join together this week to  stand up for the people in Ukraine, to stand up for energy independence  in this country, and to stand up for free speech.   I yield the floor.   