 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  Inflation Reduction Act. This landmark package is finally on the House  floor after over a year of hard work and rolling up our sleeves.   This bill will serve all Americans by bringing down energy and health  costs, reversing inflation, reducing the deficit, cleaning up our  environment, and sparking a new, clean energy economy. It is  responsibly paid for, and middle-class families will not see any  increased taxes.   This is a defining moment for tackling the climate crisis. This bold  legislation represents the single largest investment in clean energy,  environmental justice, and climate actions in American history,  including the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund and increased investments  in both the ATVM loan program, and the Domestic Manufacturing  Conversion Grant program, based on legislation I helped write.   The automotive industry is fully committed to going electric. While  this legislation may pose some challenges in the short term, it will  strengthen the long-term trajectory of the automotive industry, our  domestic supply chains, and American manufacturing.   It is bringing jobs home, strengthening our supply chain, and  reducing our dependency on foreign manufacturing.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  Inflation Reduction Act we are considering today and would like to  speak specifically to the inclusion of the Greenhouse Gas Reduction  Fund, which is based on important legislation I authored to address the  climate crisis.   The Inflation Reduction Act appropriates $27 billion to the  Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to finance climate specific  projects that will reduce carbon emissions, which will be dispensed  through the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reduction Fund. The GHG Reduction Fund  is the product of more than 13 years of legislative effort by numerous  members of the House and Senate and provides resources to fulfill the  vision and mission of this legislative effort to capitalize a national  climate bank that will support a swift transition to an equitable,  clean-energy economy,   In the House, the GHG Reduction Fund is based on H.R. 806, the Clean  Energy and Sustainability Accelerator Act. I introduced this important  legislation to provide the maximum funding possible to and capitalize a  single independent, non-profit national financing institution  (``NNFI'')--the first ever national green bank--that would in turn make  its financial and technical resources available to communities across  the country. It is our hope, as the administration implements the GHG  Reduction Fund, it will consider the benefits and structure of the  Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator Act.   It is our hope the Environmental Protection Agency would make awards  through the GHG Reduction Fund to capitalize a single NNFI, as intended  under the Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator Act, and for that  NNFI to use that capitalization funding to leverage private investment  in amounts several times greater than the initial public investment.  Once capitalized, the bill requires the entity to make direct  investments into qualified projects at the national, regional, state,  and local levels and, importantly, to make indirect investments into  such projects by providing financial and technical assistance to an  open, inclusive, and ever-expanding network of state and local  nonprofit financial institutions--including existing and newly  established green banks and community development finance  institutions--that are committed to making investments in the products  that will compose the clean power platform on which the economy must  run.   The GHG Reduction Fund makes an historic investment into low income  and disadvantaged communities as well, mandating that at least 40  percent of the over $20 billion be used to benefit qualified projects  and the financing entities that support qualified projects within these  communities, but we expect that the full investment in these  communities will be far larger through leverage and investments from  the remainder of the Fund.   The GHG Reduction Fund, and the American people, would benefit most  and achieve its purpose most effectively through the capitalization of  a single independent NNFI, as originally intended in the Clean Energy  and Sustainability Accelerator Act. A single independent NNFI will not  be limited by any jurisdictional boundary--no community is beyond its  reach. Therefore, the NNFI approach could directly invest in qualified  projects anywhere in the United States that would otherwise lack  funding. In addition, the NNFI approach can indirectly invest in any  community by providing the funding and technical assistance necessary  to establish new financial institutions and further capitalize and  strengthen existing ones. The NNFI would grow a diverse, open, and  inclusive network of state and local green banks and other mission  driven financing entities.   Capitalizing a single independent NNFI at scale, through the GHG  Reduction Fund, would also enable public investment to be leveraged  more efficiently which, in turn, drives much greater private capital  investment in qualified projects, whether at the national, regional,  state, or local level. And the Inflation Reduction Act requires the  entity to ``retain, manage, recycle, and monetize all repayments and  other revenue'' generated using the capitalization grant. We count on  EPA to assure that the NNFI will be subject to the appropriate  regulations and requirements that would apply to similar non-profit  institutions that have been capitalized with federal or nonfederal  dollars. At the same time, the relationship between EPA and the single  independent nonprofit national financing institution should be designed  to preserve its operational flexibility and ability to respond quickly  to market conditions to execute with the speed that the climate crisis  demands.   Finally, the Inflation Reduction Act sets a 180-day period for EPA to  complete all these steps: establish the GHG Reduction Fund, issue a  grant solicitation, award capitalization grants, and disburse the  funds. These aggressive deadlines were established because the GHG  Reduction Fund cannot achieve its purpose unless the full amount of  funds appropriated to this program are put into use through a NNFI  approach immediately. Disbursing all the funds within 180 days though a  single independent NNFI, as originally intended under the Clean Energy  and Sustainability Accelerator Act will ensure that we can  expeditiously address the urgent threat of catastrophic climate change,  in an equitable manner, on day 181. A swift disbursement of the maximum  funding amount possible will allow the climate bank to leverage more  private financing--thereby ensuring our public investment has a far  reaching impact.   The impacts of climate change have created an emergency situation  that poses a substantial danger to the health and safety of the  American public, and the award and disbursement of the maximum amount  of funds appropriated to the GHG Reduction Fund cannot be delayed. We  recognize that the timeline will require EPA, at every step in the  grant process, to evaluate approaches that can reduce the amount of  time that it would otherwise take to complete that step--and it is our  intention that EPA will utilize all legally-authorized strategies that  are necessary to ensure the full amount of the funding is disbursed on  time.   