 Madam Speaker, I rise to strongly support the Speak Out  Act. It is carried by my dear friend and colleague, Congresswoman Lois  Frankel.   Madam Speaker, I want to talk to you about why this is so important.  Eight months ago, I stood in this Chamber to speak about my bill to  expand the rights of sexual assault and sexual harassment survivors to  seek justice.   I wrote a bill that is now law after reading the haunting stories of  the thousands of women from a company called Sterling Incorporated, the  parent company of Kay and Jared Jewelers. Each story was more  disturbing than the one before it: managers demanding sexual acts in  exchange for employment benefits and company events where women were  expected to undress publicly. In one story, a former employee attended  an overnight meeting where she woke up with her underwear pushed to her  ankles and her manager raping her.   All of this stayed quiet, in secret for years all because of a few  words that are hidden away in legal language filed alongside other  forms and filled out as part of employment paperwork.   The women at Sterling Incorporated were silenced by forced  arbitration clauses that prevented them from seeking justice in a court  of law. But we know that these aren't the first nightmare stories that  we have heard, and they won't be the last.   For way too long, the sinister culture of silence has protected  predators and has shamed survivors. But as the saying goes, sunshine is  the best disinfectant. The one way to dismantle this culture of silence  is to let the voices and  [[Page H8524]]  the stories of the survivors be heard because those stories are  powerful.   Survivors' stories launched the #MeToo movement. Survivors' stories  inspired my bill to end forced arbitration and today's bill, and it  will be those stories that will continue to bring change.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  stand on the right side of history and support the Speak Out Act.   