 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   We all share the goal of reducing the cost of insulin. This bill,  however, is not the right answer. This is an attempt to revive Speaker  Pelosi's proposed government drug-pricing scheme, part of a socialized  medicine approach that would lead to fewer cures.   It is the largest expansion of the Federal Government's role in  private health insurance design since ObamaCare. It will cost more than  $11 billion over the next 10 years through higher subsidies for higher  premiums.   Just this morning, Axios reported: ``But legislation like a House  bill from Representative Angie Craig . . . that will be debated on the  floor today wouldn't address the core problem of rising prices for  insulin. It would instead shift more of the cost onto health insurers  and employers and result in higher premiums, according to experts.''   That means people who can't afford day-to-day life because of  inflation and spending will face higher costs somewhere else.   Today, it is the government fixing the price on insulin. What is  next? Gas? Food?   History tells us that price-fixing doesn't work. It shifts the  problem somewhere else so the powerful have the excuse for more  subsidies, more spending, and more control.   This bill does nothing to address the real reasons insulin prices are  going up. One of those is the pharmacy benefit managers and other  middlemen who negotiate for high list prices and then hide the lower  costs from the patients. This bill gives the middlemen who are making  the money a pass because again, in this bill, the Democrats delay the  rebate rule that would ensure that the real savings go into the pockets  of the patients.    Madam Speaker, we have a solution. We have a bill that we have been  working on for several Congresses. It enjoys bipartisan support. It is  H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act.   It would lower the costs of all prescription drugs, including  insulin. It caps seniors' out-of-pocket insulin costs at $50 per month  through Medicare. It also allows high-deductible plans to cover insulin  before the deductible kicks in. It increases low-cost options with more  generic and biosimilar competition. There is exciting innovation on the  way being built right now. And it creates more price transparency.   We should be lowering the costs without going down the road of price  controls that destroy the hope of so many people in this country for  lifesaving cures.   I urge us to reject H.R. 6833. Let's work on a solution for all  diseases. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would just remind the  body that the measure that the majority leader referred to failed in  the Committee on Energy and Commerce with opposition from Democrats and  Republicans because the proposed capping, price-fixing of drugs that  the Democrats are promoting, would jeopardize cures; cures for people  with Alzheimer's, cancers, diabetes.   This bill does not bring down the cost. It only shifts the cost. And  in fact, their definition of negotiation would allow the government to  impose a 95 percent tax on the innovators.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), leader on the Committee on Energy and  Commerce, Health Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon), a great member of the Committee  on Energy and Commerce.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), an outstanding member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I hear the Democrats talking about this helping all  Americans. This does nothing to help those without insurance. Let me  repeat this. If you do not have insurance, this does not lower your  cost, it may actually increase the price of your insulin.   Increasing competition to lower prices, as we do in H.R. 19 is the  way, not dictating a price cap. We have break-through biosimilars right  now. We had two approved last year; biosimilars that would help bring  down the costs; costs savings within all markets so that patients would  have access to lower-cost insulin.   The problem is getting those savings to the patients. The PBMs are  the ones pocketing the money. Net prices have come down because of  innovation. We can lower costs without shifting them. Let's go to work.  Republicans and Democrats, we all want to lower the price of insulin  and we can do it without government price controls and we can do it by  working together and actually solving the problem.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   