 Mr. President, I rise today to support Senator  Sullivan's resolution of disapproval to nullify the Biden  administration's rollback of reforms to the National Environmental  Policy Act, or NEPA, process.   We have heard a lot about permitting and how everything is going to  be improved. If you want to make a statement on how you want to improve  permitting, this should be a ``yes'' vote for everybody.   I want to thank my colleague from Alaska for his leadership on  bringing together half of this Chamber in support of S.J. Res. 55,  which is cosponsored by 50 Senators.   This resolution is vital to take us towards a path of quicker, more  predictable environmental reviews as we seek to improve our  transportation--remember, we just passed a big infrastructure bill with  a lot of transportation--our water infrastructure, energy  infrastructure, reclaim our energy independence, and build our domestic  supply chain.   Instead of making the environmental review process more efficient,  the Biden administration is doing everything in its power to make it  much, much more difficult.   Environmental reviews are notorious for holding up energy and  infrastructure projects. What happens? Well, some of them don't get  done, and a lot of them get a heck of a lot more expensive and take  longer to do.   We all know it is important to make sure that we assess the  environmental impacts that a project will have before moving forward on  construction, but the Biden administration is focused on making them  more complicated and longer when the status quo is already  unacceptable.   In 2020, the White House's Council on Environmental Quality found  that it took an average of 4\1/2\ years to complete an environmental  impact statement under NEPA. One-quarter of the 1,276 projects analyzed  took more than 6 years to complete their environmental impact  statement. The average time for a Federal highway project was more than  7 years on their EIS. The average time for the U.S. Corps of Engineers  was 6 years.   The average length of a final EIS was 661 pages, and many of these  swelled to thousands of pages, running contrary to the original intent  of NEPA, which was to provide transparency of Federal Agencies'  decision making to the American people.   The previous administration tried to streamline the Federal  environmental review process by reforming the implementing regulations  for NEPA. Now, rather than continuing to improve environmental reviews  under NEPA, the Biden administration has decided to make them more  burdensome.   Earlier this year, the Biden administration rolled back key  modernizations the previous administration made to the more than 40- year-old NEPA regulations through its so-called phase 1--which tells me  phase 2 is coming--NEPA rule.   The Biden administration has created sweeping new obstacles to the  environmental review process, including new avenues for delays and  lawsuits that will slow down or, as I said, kill projects. In  particular, the phase 1 rule's expanded definition of ``effects''--to  include ``indirect'' and ``cumulative effects'' of projects--will  greatly delay and kill energy projects when we sorely need them right  now.   With the damaging phase 1 rule already in place, the Biden  administration is now working on even more onerous revisions to the  NEPA process. If these revisions are not stopped, they will enshrine  lengthier, more burdensome, and even, in some cases, insurmountable  hurdles for any infrastructure, whether it is mining, industrial, or  energy.   We keep hearing we need more energy. Well, if you can't get  permitted, you can't do these projects, and that is what is happening.   The Biden administration is hamstringing our Nation's ability to  source materials and build infrastructure of all kinds for all  Americans. Whether it is roads and bridges, pipelines, electric  transmission, mining, or renewable energy projects, an efficient  environmental review process is critical to completing projects that  support job creation and economic activity. It is also vital to  building out and securing our domestic supply chains to ensure we have  the fuel and mineral inputs to power critical services and to  manufacture those products.   We are not going to have all the solar farms and wind turbines and  critical minerals and green jobs that the administration has promised  to energy workers when the environmental process takes 5 to 7 to 10  years.   So how do you build an economy out of a recession when you can't  build at all? Now it is time to come together and reform the  environmental review process to expand our infrastructure, invigorate  our economy, increase our energy capacity and supplies, advance our  domestic industries to lower prices, create those much wanted jobs, and  build a brighter future for Americans and certainly for my State of  West Virginia. It starts with doing away with the roadblocks the  administration is throwing up by passing this resolution and us moving  on to legislate commonsense environmental review reforms.   We are told that in September, Senate Democrats will cast aside their  ``regulate first'' philosophy and pass strong permitting reform  legislation. After years of regulatory actions that decimated energy  production in my State and permitting delays that have held up  important infrastructure projects across the country, I am skeptical  that the Democrats will reverse course next month.   So here we have an opportunity to have a test vote. As this NEPA  rulemaking reflects, the Biden administration is hard at work creating  more hurdles for our projects. If there isn't overwhelming bipartisan  support for this resolution of disapproval that simply stops the  permitting process from getting worse, then I don't know how anybody  can believe that Senate Democrats will join to pass meaningful  legislation to make the process better.    I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution to free our country  from the stagnation and endless delays the administration is pressing  forward with.   I yield the floor.   