 Madam President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  Senate resume consideration of the MacBride nomination until 6 p.m. and  that at 6 p.m. the Senate vote on confirmation of the Baker and Lewis  nominations.    For the information of the Senate, we expect to line up  to three additional votes this evening. Therefore, Senators should  expect a series of up to five rollcall votes beginning at 6 p.m.  Senators are asked to vote from their desks after the first vote so we  can move these along and not spend all night here.    Madam President, I am actually on the floor to speak to  a different issue, even though I think expediting votes is an important  one, and I support that.   But I am really here to highlight the negative consequences for our  country of continuing to fund our government through continuing  resolutions.   One of the most basic constitutional duties of Congress is the  appropriations process. The Nation relies on this body to provide  Federal funds for programs that support national defense, small  businesses, our border defenses, conservation of public lands, food  assistance for low-income families, and so much, much more.   And as a long-serving Member of the Senate Appropriations Committee,  I am extremely disappointed that Congress is about to pass yet another  CR that is going to take us to March 11, nearly 5 months past the start  of the fiscal year.   Now, on a positive note, I understand that there is a tentative  agreement on top-line funding, so that we should have budget numbers  for an omnibus that would fund the remainder of the fiscal year. And  that is good news. But the fundamental problem remains; long-term CRs  create uncertainty and inefficiencies inside and outside of the Federal  Government.   CRs prevent Agencies from issuing new grants or expanding programs.  They curtail hiring and recruitment. And moreover, those who rely on  government programs and Federal resources--and that could be either  SNAP recipients or defense contractors, but everyone is forced into a  budgetary limbo.   And simply put, when Congress refuses to act, people can't do their  jobs, and this is especially true for our military men and women who  are serving.   From Russia's efforts to undermine democracies in Europe to China's  rapidly expanding sphere of influence, to the unpredictable threat of  rogue actors like North Korea and Iran, the threats we face today are  varied and numerous. And nothing hinders our national security more  than funding our national priorities in piecemeal fashion.   Make no mistake, as we are engaged in this crisis right now in  Europe, where Russia is on the borders of Ukraine, threatening to  invade, we can bet that Vladimir Putin is watching our Congress to see  if we can actually get an agreement to get a budget funded for the rest  of this year.   Recently, several of my colleagues from the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Defense and the Armed Services Committee met with  Marine Corps Commandant General Berger to discuss the challenges that  are facing the Marines. The message from General Berger was clear: If  we continue to fund our government through CRs, it will erode our  military readiness, and it will cut training time and impede the  maintenance processes we rely on to keep our soldiers safe.   The impact of continued CRs on our military would be wide-ranging,  and the negative effects would continue to ripple for years. And we had  this experience since I have been here. In 2012 and 2013, when we had  the budget cliff, we saw what happened to our military. We saw  readiness of our men and women in uniform erode.   Thousands of pilot flight hours would be lost. Critical exercises  within our national allies would be canceled. Our overall global  presence diminished at a time in which our adversaries are seeking to  outcompete us in multiple theaters.   Aircraft like the brandnew KC-46 tankers that we are so proud to have  stationed at Pease Air National Guard Base in New Hampshire, they are  such a point of pride. They are an invaluable strategic national asset,  but they would spend more time on the ground rather than flying the  missions that they were designed for.   And submarines, the backbone of our nuclear deterrence and  technological overmatch against our adversaries and, by the way, the  ships that China is most concerned about, are an instantly recognizable  symbol of American military might and the values of our country, they  would be sidelined due to maintenance disruptions.    That would have significant impact not just for our readiness but  also for places like the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, which has as its  responsibility the maintenance and repair of our attack submarines.   So what kind of a signal does it send to adversaries like Russia, as  they continue amassing troops on the Ukrainian border and threaten the  stability of Europe, when we can't get a budget?   Long-term efforts to recruit and retain the best and brightest to  serve in our military would be undone as bonus and incentive pays are  cut and overall end-strength numbers decrease by thousands.   Military families would be forced to bear the burden of greater  financial uncertainty on top of the many sacrifices that they already  make for our country. We would be left with a smaller, less capable  force that is demoralized from pay cuts and forced to shoulder greater  risks for their safety.   Now, in addition to the harm to our servicemembers and military  families, we would also be undermining the critical modernization  efforts that we need to keep pace at a time when competitors like China  are experiencing technological breakthroughs.   Just 8 months ago, I am sure we all remember that China tested an  advanced hypersonic missile that was launched into space before  reentering the atmosphere and nearly hitting its target.   This test should serve as a wake-up call about the urgent threat that  China's military breakthroughs pose. And if the U.S. research and  development efforts are slowed down due to the constraints of operating  under a continuing resolution, we will not be able to drive the  innovation needed to keep pace with China, let alone regain a  convincing advantage.   And make no mistake, Putin isn't the only one watching to see if we  can get a budget agreement in this Congress. Xi is also watching from  China.   The development of our next-generation fighter to ensure we maintain  air superiority in the air will be slowed.   Our efforts to defend against cyber attacks that could cripple  critical infrastructure or expose national security secrets would be  hamstrung.   Simply put, for all the might and selfless service of our service men  and women, we would be asking them to defend us while tying their hands  behind their backs simply because we in Congress can't find the courage  of compromise.   I would say to my colleague Senator Cornyn from Texas, who talked  about the narrow focus of Democrats--who are in the majority in this  body right now, very slim majority--worrying only about our own  parochial interests, that this is an opportunity for us to work  together. Let's work across the aisle and see if we can't find some  agreement on budget that will get this done not just for the remaining  months of this fiscal year but next year and the next year and the next  year.   China doesn't just compete with us on military technology; China and  our other economic competitors are pouring resources into scientific  and technological innovation. And if we want to sustain our global  prosperity, global leadership, and national security, we cannot afford  to be caught flatfooted.   That is why last week the House of Representatives passed the America  [[Page S597]]  COMPETES Act, which is a companion to the Senate-passed U.S. Innovation  and Competition Act, which passed the Senate months ago with a very  strong bipartisan vote.   These bills will soon be in conference, and, if passed, they will  bolster innovation and international trade, but the investments to meet  the authorizations that are contained in these bills can't be made  under a continuing resolution.   I chair the Commerce, Justice, and Science and Related Agencies  Appropriations Subcommittee, the CJS Subcommittee. Our bipartisan CJS  bill included a $1 billion increase for the National Science Foundation  to keep pace with scientific discoveries that can power the economy in  fields like artificial intelligence, quantum computing,  microelectronics, and advanced communications.   Under a CR, we would forfeit the chance to fund 2,300 additional  research and education grants that will support 27,500 more scientists,  technicians, teachers, and students compared to fiscal year 2021.   That means a lot of innovative research projects, and therefore  potentially new discoveries, technology, and industries would never get  started. It also would diminish our ability to train the next  generation of innovators.   It isn't just the National Science Foundation; under a CR, NASA  wouldn't have the needed increases that will help us return humans to  the Moon--the high ground that China is also eyeing. We will lose out  on the opportunity to provide the Department of Commerce additional  funding to build next-generation climate and weather satellites, help  small- and medium-sized manufacturers, enforce export and trade laws,  and invest in economic development.   Furthermore, a CR would delay implementation of the bipartisan  infrastructure bill.   Last year, along with nine of our colleagues, we drafted the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which is bipartisan legislation  to make historic investments in our Nation's infrastructure. The  legislation provides $550 billion in new Federal investment to respond  to the needs of the country, from rebuilding crumbling roads and  bridges to providing clean drinking water and addressing harmful  contaminants, to expanding broadband coverage to even the most rural  parts of our country. The Senate passed that infrastructure bill by an  overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 69 to 30.   When President Biden signed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act into law, it became the single biggest infrastructure investment in  U.S. history. It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for us to invest  in this country. But if we continue with CRs, the implementation of  this bipartisan infrastructure law could be delayed.   In addition, as a result of its flat obligation limitations, a CR  would prevent State departments of transportation from accessing higher  amounts of formula funding provided by the highway trust fund.   The CR would also prohibit new starts for new formula programs  authorized by the bipartisan infrastructure law, including the fiscal  year 2022 portion of the carbon reduction program that supports  emission-reducing transportation projects and the PROTECT formula  funding to States to support transportation infrastructure resiliency.   Now, in addition to slowing meaningful infrastructure investments, a  CR also fails to address urgent needs in our communities.   Americans want to be safe from international threats to our national  and economic security, but more important, they want to be safe in  their communities. Yet, in 2020, murders rose by 30 percent.   The Senate Commerce-Justice-Science bill includes significant funding  to help local police departments fight crime and put officers on the  street. It also includes a new Community Violence Intervention  Initiative to implement strategies to reduce homicides and gun  violence. But with a CR, we wouldn't have funding for this promising  strategy.   We would also lose the chance to provide historic levels of funding  for the Office on Violence Against Women. Today, it is particularly  important because a bipartisan group of Senators will introduce a  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. But without a CJS  appropriations bill, we can't provide additional funding for the Sexual  Assault Services Program, which is a formula grant released to States,  Tribes, and other coalitions in order to provide support services like  medical services, counseling, and crisis intervention for victims of  sexual assault, and we cannot start new programs like Restorative  Justice, a growing area in criminal justice to repair and address the  harm experienced by victims.   Continuing to rely on last year's funding levels and last year's  programs undermines our chances to improve our military readiness, to  invest in our economy, and to address emerging challenges.   This week, instead of enacting funding bills for the fiscal year that  began on October 1, 2021, Congress will instead extend the deadline  again, passing another CR through March 11. Now, don't get me wrong, I  am glad we are continuing to keep the government open, and I understand  that Senate leadership--Chairman Leahy and Vice Chairman Shelby, along  with their House counterparts--has reached a tentative agreement on  total spending levels to allow us to use the next month to finish our  work and enact a remaining year appropriations bill, but it is way past  time to have made that happen. The American people deserve no less, and  we need to do better next year.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, first, I would like to ask unanimous  consent that my Defense fellow, Leslie Cornwall, be given floor  privileges for the remainder of the 117th Congress.   