 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S3718]]     Mr. President, I rise to express deep appreciation  for Mississippi State Health Officer Dr. Thomas Dobbs, a friend and  leader to all of the frontline healthcare workers in my State.   Dr. Dobbs joined the Mississippi State Department of Health as the  State health officer in December 2018. After 3\1/2\ years and a global  pandemic that none of us saw coming, he will soon step down from his  role and return to the clinical side of medicine.   Mississippi's State health officer is responsible for directing  public health activities related to the State's many health challenges,  which included my State's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.   Dr. Dobbs' experience and his expertise made him the perfect  professional to lead Mississippi through this pandemic. With a belief  that each person in Mississippi was his patient, Dr. Dobbs worked  tirelessly throughout his tenure to care for our nearly 3 million  residents. From the start, Dr. Dobbs was steadfast in informing and  advising citizens, policymakers, and healthcare providers on the best  practices to combat the deadly coronavirus. He never wavered despite  evolving challenges and so many tragic COVID-related deaths.   He is one of the country's most respected public health officers,  having earned a stellar reputation for his clinical work in the field  of infectious diseases. Dr. Thomas Dobbs proved himself to be the  leader Mississippi needed during a very difficult time. I am saddened  to see Dr. Dobbs leave the Mississippi State Department of Health, but  I am confident he will continue to do great things.   There are not enough thanks in the world that could cover all that  Dr. Dobbs has done for Mississippi, but I say from the bottom of my  heart, thank you, Dr. Dobbs. Your service and sacrifice on behalf of  Mississippi reflects well on you and your profession.   I am also grateful for his wife, Dr. Kim Dobbs, and their two sons,  Wyn and Max, for sharing so much of their husband and father during  this time.   As Dr. Dobbs departs the State department of health, I look forward  to continuing to work with him and the new State health officer, Dr.  Dan Edney, in making Mississippi healthier and happier.   Thank you again so much, Dr. Dobbs.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until August  5, 2022: Emma Bozeman, Jake Tipton, Cameron Hall, Olivia Hardwick,  Preston Dubberly, and Anna Pittman.   