 Madam President, I couldn't agree more with the  comments of my colleague Senator Portman from Ohio.   We are here on the floor today to convey strong bipartisan opposition  that exists in this Senate to Vladimir Putin's unprovoked aggression  against our partner Ukraine.   Now, like everyone in this body, I have been closely following the  deteriorating political crisis that has been fabricated by Russia  because, as Senator Portman says, Ukraine has always been defensive. It  has not been offensive going against Russia, but Russia intends to  further undermine and threaten Ukraine's sovereignty.   This Senate has a long history of supporting an independent and  democratic Ukraine. Since Russia's initial invasion in 2014, Congress  has provided more than $2.7 billion in security assistance and  supported its government in advancing critical reforms to help Ukraine  on its journey to greater Euro-Atlantic integration.   I am proud to have been involved in a number of those bipartisan  efforts to support Ukraine. As Senator Portman said, last month, we  traveled with a bipartisan delegation of seven Senators--four Democrats  and three Republicans--to meet with Ukrainian President Zelenskyy and  other officials. We met with his national security team to discuss the  Russian threat and how the United States can help our Ukrainian  friends.   The message from the Ukrainians was clear. They see their future in  [[Page S670]]  partnership with the West. They share our democratic values, and their  people are proud of their hard-won independence.   So it is worth asking, if Ukraine has made its sovereign wish clear  that it wants a future with Europe, why does Putin have more than  130,000 troops at its border?   As Senator Portman pointed out so well, it is not just its eastern  border with Russia; it is its northern border with Belarus. So it has  been said--but I think it is worth repeating--that this unprecedented  Russian threat to Ukraine's sovereignty is on Putin. It is on no one  else. He has designed this crisis to advance his own revanchist agenda.  He wants to reconstruct the Soviet Union and recreate his own sphere of  interest, and he wrongfully sees Ukraine as part of this authoritarian  future.   But make no mistake, this isn't just about Ukraine. Putin wants to  diminish U.S. presence in Europe and to rewrite the European security  order for his benefit and in blatant disregard for previous  international agreements and treaties that Russia has signed. Senator  Portman talked about the Budapest Memorandum. There have been other  efforts to try and reduce tensions between Russia and Ukraine by  Europe, but Putin has basically thumbed his nose at all of those  efforts. He has shown repeated attempts to subvert democratic  institutions in the United States, to attack our infrastructure, and to  compromise the sovereignty of our allies around the globe.   This is why what happens in Ukraine matters here in the United  States. It is important that we stand up for our values; it is  important that we stand up to protect our national security; and it is  critical that we continue to uphold and protect the transatlantic  security order that has given us peace and prosperity for over 70  years, since the end of World War II.   As Putin tries to dismantle and divide the very alliance that has  kept us safe for more than 70 years, it is all the more important that  we strengthen our resolve through a strong message of unbreakable  unity.   It is critical that the Senate take up and pass bipartisan  legislation that shows our support for Ukraine and our opposition to  Russia and what Putin is doing. I have been working toward this goal. I  especially want to commend Senator Portman for his work and leadership  because he has also been working toward this goal. The Senate Foreign  Relations Committee chairman and ranking member, Senators Menendez and  Risch, continue their efforts to find a bipartisan path forward. And I  am sure Senator Portman would agree with me that when we say we are  committed to doing our part to forge a path forward on this  legislation, we mean that is what we want to do; that this is an  opportunity for us to show the rest of the world that we are united.   That is why we are here today, to send a strong bipartisan message to  Putin, to Ukraine, and to our allies. We must lead by example and  convey, as we have done through our Ukrainian partners and our  transatlantic allies, that we must not leave any space for Putin to sow  further discord.   Therefore, the Senate doesn't really have a choice; we must send a  message of strong, unequivocal bipartisan resolve. For many years,  Senator Portman and I and others in the Ukraine Caucus have worked  closely to support the Ukrainian people. We traveled to Kyiv to ensure  the U.S. resolve for our Ukrainian partners was absolute. We teamed up  to increase military assistance to Ukraine, and we have spoken to  ensure, on the topic of Ukraine, that this Senate speaks with one  bipartisan voice.   So today we stand united here on the floor of the Senate to send an  unequivocal message to Putin: You will not divide the Senate; you will  not divide the United States; and you will not divide the transatlantic  alliance.   Diplomacy remains an option, I hope, to deescalate this situation and  to pursue a peaceful resolution, but if Putin decides to further invade  Ukraine, he will only succeed in uniting us all--Democrats,  Republicans, Americans, and the transatlantic alliance--in sending a  message of unmistakable resolve against his belligerence. I hope he  chooses peace rather than war, but we plan to be ready.    Would my colleague yield for a question?    Because as he points out, if Putin does invade Ukraine,  as he said, it would be devastating for Ukraine, for those of us who  believe in freedom, and the right of each individual country to  determine their own future; but this would also be the biggest conflict  in Europe since World War II; is that correct?    Absolutely.    Certainly, the Presiding Officer would agree with me  that in the Democratic caucus we are also united with the Republican  caucus in wanting to support Ukraine to ensure that they can determine  their own future and to hold Vladimir Putin accountable.   As you say, hopefully, diplomacy will win out, and there will be some  way in which we can work with Vladimir Putin to address some of his  concerns. We are certainly not going to allow Putin and Russia to  determine Ukraine's future--to say to Ukraine ``You can't join NATO''  or to say to Europe and NATO ``You can't expand into Europe if  countries want to join.'' Hopefully, he will choose a path that is  [[Page S671]]  going to be good not just for Europe and the United States and Ukraine  but for Russia, because, as the German Chancellor said to us last week  when he met with a number of Senators: In the long run, this will not  be good for Russia--for its energy future--because Europe is going to  get off Russian energy a lot faster if Russia invades Ukraine, and it  is not going to be good for Russia's standing either in Europe or in  the world.   So, hopefully, Putin will choose the reasonable approach, which is  that he will choose diplomacy and not choose war.   It is our job--that of the transatlantic alliance and those of us  here in Congress--to hold Putin accountable if he makes the wrong  choice, to make sure that we put in place crippling sanctions, that we  provide the assistance that Ukraine needs in fighting Russia, and that  we make it clear to the world that the world order that we have  defended for the last 70 years we are going to continue to defend.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   