 Madam President, there was some sobering data that  came out from the CDC last week. It was a new set of preliminary data  on overdose deaths. Last year, we lost almost 108,000 people to the  ravages of drug abuse. Almost 4,000 of those 108,000 were Tennesseans.  Those 2021 numbers are the worst that we have ever seen, and I am  concerned because it seems that my Democratic colleagues and their  friends in the White House are not seeing the big picture on this  issue.   Now, the White House claims they have a plan to address the drug  crisis in this country, but they have intentionally ignored a key  vulnerability when they do this. It is as if they are turning a blind  eye to a key component, to a key contributing factor, of this drug  crisis, and they are refusing to talk about it. It is the reason that  crime is on the rise in most of our American communities. It is also  the reason it is easier for drug dealers to get their hands on fentanyl  than on just about anything else, and it is the same reason that human  traffickers now are pushing people--the sex trafficking gangs, the  labor gangs--into communities all across this country. Indeed, every  town is a border town and every State a border State because of this  key vulnerability.   They don't want to talk about this because I don't think they want to  admit that they have been so wrong. Of course, that vulnerability,  whether you are talking about drugs, whether you are talking about  crime in the streets, all comes down to talking about that wide-open  southern border. Don't take my word for it. Go talk to sheriffs in  Tennessee. They will tell you that, with the open border, they are  seeing the results of that on their streets and in their counties.   Indeed, one of the sheriffs I visited with last week said 80 percent  of the drug overdoses, 80 percent of the apprehended drugs in their  county--fentanyl. Why is it there? The southern border being wide open.   This is an area in which Tennesseans are wanting to see something  done, and they can't figure out why the Democrats won't make a priority  of securing the southern border when they want to talk issues that stem  from what is transpiring at the southern border. They feel that the  Democrats are deliberately sabotaging our economic recovery, our  recovery from the pandemic, and they are making bad situations worse  because they won't talk about the root causes.   The Biden administration never was interested in securing the border.  Indeed, he hasn't been to the border. In fact, their official policy  from day one has been: Let's make that southern border more insecure.  Isn't that amazing? You have an administration and you have a DHS  Secretary who don't believe in a secure border.   The radical left didn't like the optics of border security, so Joe  Biden stopped building the wall. Even though everything is purchased  and it is there--the wall can be completed--he chose not to secure our  border, and he stopped building the wall.   The radical left wanted to change the definition of ``asylum''  without bothering to change the law, so Joe Biden threw away the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy.   The radical left wanted their sanctuary cities back, so Joe Biden  tied the  [[Page S2511]]  hands of immigration officials. Go talk to them. They will tell you  what they are no longer able to do, which is abide by the rule of law-- the laws that are on the books.   With each Executive order that he signed, Joe Biden sabotaged Border  Patrol and law enforcement, putting Americans in danger, and turned  even more vulnerable women and children into victims of the sex  trafficking trade.   You have to ask yourself whose side the Biden administration is  actually on when it comes to the issues of crime, when it comes to the  issue of protecting women and children, because I can't think of a  single law-abiding American who is better off for all of this. But I do  know that the cartels are happy because they are the ones who control  the southern border on that Mexico side. You cannot cross that border  into the United States unless you have gone through the cartel, so they  are having to work out a way to pay their fee to the cartel,  endangering their lives, seeing drugs pushed into this country.   Last year, Border Patrol intercepted thousands of pounds of deadly  drugs and repeatedly interrupted equally deadly migrant trafficking  operations, but we will never be able to account for the ``got-aways''  who escaped into the country with their drugs and their human cargo  intact.   The level of self-sabotage has a purpose. The Biden administration  has made it clear that they are willing to risk lives and livelihoods  to prove their commitment to what they are calling ``compassion.''   Let me ask you this, Madam President: What is compassionate about  women being pushed into the sex trade, little girls being sex  trafficked, children being thrown into gangs? What is compassionate  about that? That is what is happening because of this open southern  border. This is insanity.   The cartels last year brought people from 160 different countries to  our southern border. Those are stats from the Border Patrol. We know  that, right now, they are anticipating bringing people in at the end of  title 42. They are already working globally--globally--in order to hit  these numbers. This is insanity.   According to the Biden administration, we can't secure the border and  stop the flow of drugs, but the Federal Government can hand out fresh  crack pipes to those with addiction. And as much as they tried to say,  no, that was incorrect, we have all seen the photos.   According to the Biden administration, we can't allow shipments of  perfectly safe, foreign-made baby formula into American communities. We  can't process those waivers, they say. That could possibly be  dangerous. We can't get a baby formula plant open in Michigan because  the FDA is busy; they have other priorities. Meanwhile, parents are  scrambling, trying to find formula for babies who have to have specific  formulas. This is not compassion; this is a tragedy.   I saw a friend this weekend. She calls herself independent-minded,  leans more moderate Democrat. She said: You know, we have always been a  government of, by, and for the people, but right now, what do we see  happening? We see this government using people to get power for  themselves. That is what is going on. People realize this  administration is void of priorities.   The saddest thing about all of this is that the Biden administration,  I think, knows what needs to be done. Many of my colleagues and I have  been talking about it, that there should be priorities to secure this  Nation and our sovereignty. Priority No. 1 right now should be to keep  title 42 in place until three things happen.   First, DHS needs to present a thorough and specific plan that would  enable American officials to handle the anticipated 18,000 people per  day who Border Patrol is saying will come to our border if those  restrictions are lifted. Right now, it is about 6,000 people per day.   Now, 18,000--I looked it up. Illinois has 1,466 cities, and 1,324 of  those cities have 18,000 or fewer citizens. That is their population.  So that is the equivalence that we are talking about. Our friend from  Colorado was just on the floor. There are 482 cities there, and 439 of  them have 18,000 or fewer citizens. We have Alaska. We have 355 cities  in Alaska, and 350 of them have 18,000 or fewer citizens. It is like a  new city in Alaska or Colorado or Illinois or Tennessee every single  day. So DHS needs to come through.   Second, Chairman Durbin must summon Secretary Mayorkas to a hearing  before the Senate Judiciary Committee so that we can subject that plan  that has been missing to scrutiny.    Third, they need to consult with Congress to give Border Patrol and  law enforcement the manpower and resources they need to execute the  plan.   Then and only then should we consider title 42.   Priority No. 2 is to stop playing politics and embrace President  Trump's ``Remain in Mexico'' policy. We know for a fact that it helped  control the influx of asylum seekers, which, in turn, took the pressure  off our limited resources at the border.   Priority No. 3: The Biden administration must stop denying reality.  Finish building the wall, which is what Border Patrol has been asking  for for decades. Give them a physical barrier. Give them more officers  and agents. Give them more technology so they can protect our Nation  and our citizens. That is how we would get that border under control.   As I said, it affects crime in the streets. It affects drugs and  fentanyl. This affects our citizens, our families, who are  heartbroken--heartbroken--by loss of lives to drugs, to crime.   There is a starting point. There is a way to make a difference. But  if this administration wants to do something about crime, if they want  to do something about the drug crisis, they need to start it at the  southern border.   I yield the floor.   