 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation  that will help ensure students receive healthy school meals. Students  need access to nutritious meals so that they can be their best, both in  and out of the classroom. Today's bipartisan legislation does just  that.   During pandemic lockdowns, school food programs were critical to  those in need. These programs play an important role in non-pandemic  times, too.   It is important that we ensure this program is sustainable for  schools, and that means responsible oversight and a return to regular  order.   We want to make sure that students who rely on school meals have  access to them and that schools can continue to supply them, even in  the face of skyrocketing, record-high inflation.   As our constituents know, the price of just about everything has  increased. The average family is spending $450 more per month. Eggs are  up 32 percent, milk is up 16 percent, and bacon is up 15 percent. Our  school meals programs are no exception to these rising costs.   This measure will help schools cope with rising food prices by  temporarily providing supplemental reimbursements as these programs  transition back to normal operations.   I do think it is very important to emphasize that these increases are  temporary and will last 1 year.   I appreciate the Democrats and the Senate for working with us to  ensure these are temporary, supplemental funds to address inflation  specifically. They are not an arbitrary increase in spending. Using the  inflation crisis or the supply chain problem to increase Federal  spending permanently would be especially unwise and irresponsible.   I also am glad the legislation requires USDA to provide school  leaders and parents with support and guidance as the program  transitions to normal operations.   It is Congress' job to ensure these programs are working as  efficiently and effectively as possible. It is our duty to make sure  these programs are fulfilling their intended purpose, which is to help  students.   I am happy to see this legislation put these school nutrition  programs back on the right track.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), Republican leader of the Committee on  Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, the Keep Kids Fed Act is a bipartisan, budget-neutral  bill that supports students and protects taxpayers. This bill will  return our school nutrition programs back to normal, pre-pandemic  operations. I appreciate the majority working with us to ensure this is  a true transition back to regular operation, which is fully paid for  and includes a requirement to support parents and school leaders.   This legislation will also support schools dealing with the supply  chain and inflation crisis. This allows our Nation's schools to focus  on delivering healthy meals for students so they can focus on being  successful in the classroom. I am pleased we were able to come to a  bicameral and bipartisan solution, and I urge my colleagues to vote for  the Keep Kids Fed Act.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   