 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I want to be really clear about what this  vote is actually about. This vote is about birth control. This is about  lifesaving pelvic and breast exams to detect cancer early, and it is  about STI testing and treatments. That is the basic reproductive  healthcare that title X providers deliver to communities--especially to  women with the tightest budgets.   Republicans are here tonight fighting to undermine healthcare. It is  really that simple. And we are here fighting to protect it.   I fought long and hard against President Trump's disastrous gag rule.  It was a rule that cut title X provider networks in half. It forced  entire States, including my home State of Washington, out of the Title  X Program. It forced doctors and nurses to withhold information from  their patients on all the options they have, including abortion, and  ultimately resulted in patients traveling farther, paying more, or  going without care. In short, it made it harder for women to  [[Page S2185]]  get birth control and other critical reproductive healthcare, and that,  to me, is unacceptable.   That is why I was really relieved when, after years of fighting back  against Republicans' extreme agenda, President Biden acted quickly to  reverse that dangerous gag rule, and we could finally start rebuilding  the title X network and providing patients with critical reproductive  healthcare.   And I know that patients and providers in my State were relieved too.  I heard from them firsthand earlier this month about what this means  for our communities. It means that patients in Washington State and  across the country can get the birth control they need to plan a family  on their own terms, breast and pelvic exams to detect cancer early, STI  testing and treatment, and more.   But as has been so often the case, most Republicans were not  listening because, tonight, they are leading a resolution to bring back  the gag rule and deny women across the country access to services made  possible by title X. We are talking about basic lifesaving healthcare  like cancer screenings. We are talking about STI screenings, which, by  the way, are especially important as cases, which are already  underreported due to decreased screenings, have been spiking now.   We are talking about birth control that so many patients depend on to  stay healthy, to treat health conditions, to plan their families, and  control their own reproductive health.   Talking about these issues, it is just unthinkable to me that anyone  would not support this program. What are Republicans here talking  about? They are talking about once again taking this healthcare away  from millions of patients, and tonight they are forcing a vote on it.  And some extreme Republicans, by the way, are even talking about how  they think Griswold v. Connecticut--that is the U.S. Supreme Court case  that first struck down a ban on birth control--might have been wrongly  decided. This is chilling.   The message Republicans are sending tonight with this vote--loud and  clear--is that they won't just stop at banning abortion with cruel laws  like the ones we have seen in Texas and Oklahoma and across the border  from Washington State in Idaho; they are determined to restrict access  to all kinds of reproductive healthcare, from abortion to birth  control, to STI testing and treatment.   Well, we should not stand for this. We can't just let Republicans rip  away healthcare again from women and families. Patients, providers, and  families across my State and across the country have spoken out loud  and clear on this, and I am going to make sure that they are heard here  in Washington, DC.   I will work hard to make sure we protect title X from these attacks,  and I am going to make sure everyone who supports this resolution owns  what this vote means and whom they are voting against: women who want  birth control--and that is, by the way, two-thirds of women in this  country; patients who are seeking STI screenings; patients who need a  cancer screening; people who are just looking for affordable healthcare  and information from providers that they trust because--you know what-- women are not going to forget this, which party is fighting to protect  birth control and which party is doing everything they can to rip your  birth control away.   I urge every single one of my colleagues to join with me in voting  against this resolution.   