 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution authored by my  colleagues, Congresswoman Jacobs and Congressman Meijer. This  resolution condemns the use of hunger as a weapon of war and recognizes  the impact that conflict has on global food security and famine.   Around the world, over 300 million people are in urgent need of food  assistance. Many are facing emergency food needs due to years of  protracted conflict, whether in Syria, Yemen, the Sahel, Nigeria, or  South Sudan.   But shockingly, we are also seeing the increasing use of hunger and  starvation as a deliberate weapon of war, with worldwide effects.  Ukraine just commemorated the solemn anniversary of the Holodomor  famine, which killed millions of Ukrainians at Stalin's direction.  Ninety years later, Putin is reviving this evil, targeting wheat fields  and grain silos, deliberately seeking to destroy vital sources of food  for the Ukrainian people and the world.   The Kremlin's propaganda machine is attempting to blame international  sanctions for the worsening global food crisis, but that is a lie. In  reality, this crisis is a direct result of Putin's unprovoked war of  aggression against Ukraine.   Meanwhile, Russia uses its influence at the U.N. to exert control  over the vital food aid that millions of Syrians rely on in an effort  to bolster Bashar al-Assad's brutal grip on power.  [[Page H8631]]    In Yemen, Iran-backed Houthi rebels have weaponized food aid, using  it for military gains and personal profit, while millions of Yemenis  continue to face famine-like conditions.   These atrocities must be condemned by all people of goodwill. The  administration should impose severe penalties on those responsible,  including through sanctions under the Global Magnitsky Human  Rights Accountability Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Jacobs and Meijer, Chairman  Meeks, and Ranking Member McCaul for introducing this measure and  bringing it to the floor. An identical text unanimously passed the  Senate in July.   Deliberately starving innocent civilians as a weapon of war must be  condemned wherever it occurs. This resolution also condemns the acts of  looting, diversion, or other denials of humanitarian access that impede  the delivery of lifesaving assistance to populations who need it the  most.   Finally, I take this moment to commend the humanitarians who put  their lives at risk every day to get food to vulnerable children,  women, and men who need it just to stay alive. Their efforts deserve  our support, and so does this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan measure that  condemns Iran's state-sponsored persecution of its Baha'i minority and  calls for the release of all religious prisoners in Iran.   In recent months, the Iranian regime has responded to the Iranian  people's peaceful demands for change with violent suppression. The  world has been a witness to that brutality.   Sadly, Iran's Baha'i community is very familiar with the regime's  cruelty. For years, the Baha'i have been subjected to a campaign of  state-sponsored persecution. Baha'is across Iran face arbitrary arrest,  forced disappearance, property expropriation, and economic  discrimination every day.   The regime's deplorable treatment of the Baha'i shows how the  Ayatollah denies Iranians access to basic human rights.   Persecution based on religious belief is abhorrent and warrants  condemnation in the strongest possible terms. This resolution is a  reminder of Congress' continued commitment to promoting and protecting  human rights in Iran, including freedom of worship and belief.   Mr. Speaker, I thank our former colleague, Ted Deutch, for his  longtime work to support the Baha'i in Iran and for his original  authorship of this bipartisan measure.   The House of Representatives will continue to work tirelessly to  protect and defend the human rights of the Iranian people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support  of my bill, H.R. 4785, the Uyghur Policy Act.   I thank Chairman Ami Bera of the Subcommittee on Asia, The Pacific,  Central Asia, and Nonproliferation for leading this with me, as well as  the 79 bipartisan cosponsors--Ms. Sara Jacobs from California being one  of them. They all made consideration of this important bill possible.   The Uyghur Policy Act comes at a critical time as the world is seeing  past the Chinese Communist Party's censorship filters and sharing  videos of thousands of people in China standing up and speaking out  against strict lockdowns and against the CCP.   Since Xi Jinping solidified his rule during the Communist Party  Congress last month, anti-lockdown protests have erupted all over  China, including in Xinjiang, where at least 10 people under COVID  lockdown were killed in an apartment fire with their doors locked from  the outside.   The people of China are waking up to the CCP's oppression and are  demanding basic freedoms. Whether it is lockdown of protestors in  Shanghai, or Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang, the  United States must show through words and through actions that we will  have their backs in their fight against the CCP's tyranny.   The People's Republic of China continues to deny carrying out  genocide against the Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities, and we have  verified reports of forced sterilization, forced labor, brainwashing,  and gang rape in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.   The Uyghur Policy Act will help us lead from a position of strength  and will address several shortcomings in our existing approach to  responding to these human rights abuses. It authorizes the State  Department to appoint a special coordinator for Uyghur issues, which  will consolidate the State Department's diplomatic strategy to ensure  that department-wide resources being used to respond to the Uyghur  genocide are better coordinated.   H.R. 4785 will also mandate Uyghur language instruction at the  Foreign Service Institute and require the State Department to station a  Uyghur-fluent officer at Mission China locations.   The bill also authorizes support for Uyghur human rights activists  and directs the U.S. Agency for Global Media to disseminate news and  information regarding Uyghur genocide.   We must act now to leverage U.S. soft power, garner international  support for Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in Xinjiang, and equip  the State Department with the tools it needs to better respond to Xi  Jinping's genocidal campaign.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), who is a champion for human  rights around the world, including for Uyghurs in China.    Mr. Speaker, seeing no other Members on my  side, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank Asia Subcommittee Chairman Ami Bera,  Speaker Pelosi, my colleague, Representative Smith, and the many  cosponsors who helped bring this legislation to the floor.   I am pleased that the House of Representatives, in the spirit of  bipartisanship, is taking a significant step in defending the human  rights of Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities subject to the CCP's  oppression and genocide.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting  ``yes,'' and I urge the Senate to immediately take up this critically  important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   