 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for the past 2 years, the COVID  pandemic dominated every news cycle, and if the mainstream media is to  be believed, it was the leading topic of conversation at every dinner  table, whether it was Washington or Nashville or San Francisco. As the  months wore on, it became glaringly obvious that, while the pandemic  was a concern, people were less worried about the virus itself and more  worried about how the Democrats were using it to justify one power grab  after another.   Even in the face of catastrophic inflation, the employment crisis,  the failure of public education, and the slow creep of lethal opioids  into rural communities, the Democrats chose power over progress every  single time and, in doing so, abandoned their duty to the American  people.   And now, as this year draws to a close, my Democratic colleagues have  declared that now it is time for everybody to just move on, move on  from the pandemic. When Dr. Fauci appeared for a final press conference  before his conveniently timed retirement, the White House made sure he  wouldn't have to answer any questions on the origins of COVID-19.   The talking heads in the mainstream media have spun the harm done to  students by virtual schooling as a tragedy rather than the completely  predictable effects of forced isolation on our precious children, and  the White House remains determined to blame inflation and shortages in  the energy market on Vladimir Putin.   They want us to ignore their own self-proclaimed war on American  energy independence. I suppose they think that if they just erase the  mess that they have made from the daily talking points, the American  people will just forget about it and move on. I hate to spoil their  ending, but the American people are not ready for that. They want some  answers. They will never ever forget the damage that these policies  have done to their families and to their communities.   Now, the left tried their best to frame the debates over lockdowns  and mask mandates and vaccine mandates as conspiracy fodder, but we all  found out, no, it was not; it was personal, especially after it became  clear that control was the Democrats' end game. Yes, control over you,  over your life, over your children, over their education, over student  loans. Control is what they want.   Now, the science changed but the narrative never did, and Tennesseans  have noticed this. They have caught on to this. The ongoing fight over  the military's vaccine mandate is particularly raw for Tennesseans  because it is proof that the Democrats are willing to jeopardize our  national security to score points against political rivals. This desire  for power and control is in direct opposition to the Federal  Government's sworn mission to provide for the defense of our Nation.  This isn't a matter of opinion; it is a fact, confirmed by President  Biden's chosen military commanders.   This year, the number of new servicemembers joining the ranks has hit  an alltime low; so did academy applications for our Nation's  prestigious military academies. The Army fell 15,000 soldiers short of  their recruitment goal for 2022. The other services and the National  Guard are also struggling.   The Pentagon doesn't expect the situation to improve even for the  next few years. The Army predicts they will be down 21,000 troops in  2023, and the National Guard says they are going to lose 14,000  soldiers by the end of 2024.   The strongest, fastest, and most lethal fighting force on the planet  is moving backward. Meanwhile, the new  [[Page S6816]]  axis of evil, they are marching forward. We know for a fact that Tehran  is sending drones and military equipment to Moscow to support Putin's  war in Ukraine. North Korea is conducting ballistic missile tests that  threaten South Korean sovereignty. And the Chinese Communist Party is  doing the exact opposite of what the Pentagon is doing: They are  focusing on readiness and building up their military.   In June, they christened their first-ever aircraft carrier to be  completely designed and developed in China. Their goal is to increase  their fleet by 40 percent by the end of 2040 and quadruple their  nuclear stockpile by the end of the decade. This is all consistent with  Beijing's broader goal of becoming a military superpower.   They are focused on global domination. They are focused on readiness.  They are focused on defeating us. Meanwhile, our Pentagon is focused on  a vaccine mandate. The strong men in control of Russia, China, Iran,  and North Korea--that axis of evil--are notorious for their aggression,  and none of them have bothered to keep their hatred of the United  States of America a secret.   The wolves are at the door, Mr. President, yet here we are, debating  a military vaccine mandate that has zero--zero--basis in science or  common sense. It will gut the ranks of the military and make us more  vulnerable to the rising threat from the new axis of evil.    This isn't just my opinion; it is another fact confirmed by the  people President Biden trusts to lead our Nation's military. The Army  confirmed in a November 4 press release that the vaccine mandate has  already separated 1,796 Active-Duty soldiers from their service.   Bear in mind, they raised their hand; they took an oath. They did  this because they want to serve, protect, defend. And what has  happened? What has happened to that service, to that loyalty? Look at  what has happened. They are getting a slap across the face. As I said,  1,796 were shown the door because they would not take a COVID shot.  They wouldn't take a shot. For the soldiers who remain, the Army has  approved less than 4 percent of medical exemptions and just over 1  percent of religious exemptions. The Guard has only approved 15 percent  of the medical exemptions and--get this--0.0047 percent of religious  exemptions. And the Reserves, they have approved little more than 5  percent of their medical exemptions and 0.0044 percent of religious  exemptions.   Leader Schumer left Washington for the Thanksgiving holiday without  acknowledging this manpower crisis in our military and without offering  a clear answer on when we will take up the fiscal year 2023 National  Defense Authorization Act.   Now that we are back in session, I would hope that he has a plan to  stop dangling this bill over the heads of our servicemembers and their  families. But while we are waiting, I would like to offer a small  improvement to what is already a very strong and bipartisan piece of  legislation.   Mr. President, as you know, the Senate Armed Services Committee  finished their work on this bill back in June. When we were debating  the NDAA in the Armed Services Committee, I introduced two amendments  that would have protected servicemembers from the arbitrary effects of  the vaccine mandate. The first would prohibit the involuntary  separation of any servicemember for refusing the COVID-19 shot until  each service achieves its authorized end strength--good common sense.  It is not saying you can't implement your mandate, just saying you  can't do it until you have reached your goal, your recruitment and your  retention goals.   The Second Amendment would make sure that members of the National  Guard or Reserve maintain access to both pay and benefits while their  request for a medical or religious accommodation is pending.   My Democratic colleagues on the Armed Services Committee killed these  amendments, but I do hope they will change their mind and support them  now that they have had the opportunity to hear from folks back home, to  hear from our military, our Guard, our Reserves. I hope they will give  this another look; but if they don't, they will have another  opportunity to fix this mistake.   I have combined the amendments into a single bill called the  Preserving the Readiness of Our Armed Forces Act, and I would be happy  to add each and every one of them as a cosponsor. As we begin what I am  sure will be a mad dash to the end of the year, I want to encourage my  Democratic colleagues to keep preserving readiness at the front of  their mind.   When the Pentagon first revealed this vaccine mandate, veterans,  military experts, and Active-Duty servicemembers up and down the ranks  told us exactly what would happen if the Biden administration went  through with this. And do you know what? They were accurate in their  assessment. Because of the Democratic actions, this White House's  actions, they have fired thousands of servicemembers, and tens of  thousands more are in jeopardy. Bear in mind, these are people who have  chosen to serve. This chaos has prompted thousands of potential  soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines to decide against entering the  service, and who knows how many will choose not to enter the National  Guard.    The Biden administration is digging in their heels at the worst  possible time. The new axis of evil--they are on the rise, and they are  counting on the rest of the world to remain complacent.   Over the past few years, each of these nations has been exposed on  the international stage as factories of repression, violence, and  misery, but in the aftermath, nothing changed.   Just last week, the CCP reminded us how little value they place on  human life. Ten people in Xinjiang burned to death when their apartment  building caught fire. The firefighters couldn't get to them in time  because of the barricades CCP officials had constructed to enforce  their zero-COVID policy.   Protesters took to the streets and forced the international press to  pay attention. In response, the CCP brutalized journalists, censored  videos shot the night of the fire, and claimed that the residents who  died were too weak to save themselves.   I would remind my colleagues that these are the same officials who  claimed that the Uighur Muslims are comfortable in their concentration  camps, that the Tibetans welcomed ethnic cleansing, and that firing  missiles at Taiwan is part of normal military operations. Exposure will  not stop them. Outrage will not give them pause because they are on a  quest for global domination, and they are not going to take a timeout  because the Democrats in control of our government decided to  prioritize a shot over our Nation's security.   Let that sink in. They are going full steam ahead. They are  increasing their military rights. They are building their navy. They  are working to develop new missiles. And we are focused on removing  military members because they will not take a shot. By the way, you can  get vaccinated and boosted, and it doesn't keep you from getting COVID.   Unfortunately, our adversaries have decided to take advantage of weak  leaders in the White House and in Congress and to exploit our  vulnerabilities until we force them to stop.   Our military is not the only tool we use to keep this country safe,  but it certainly has the power to be the most decisive, and I cannot  think of anything more foolish than to sabotage it while the enemy  watches and says: Look at America's priority.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   