 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding and for his extraordinary leadership on this  issue and so many other areas.   I thank our Speaker for speaking out so beautifully for the children,  for our support for their health, for baby formula, for their support  in general, and Rosa DeLauro for her appropriations bill that will  supply $28 million for the baby formula crisis. For the author of this  very important bill before us, Representative Jahana Hayes, I thank her  for her leadership, too.    I rise in support of H.R. 7791, the Access to Baby Formula Act, vital  legislation to improve access to infant formula for families with less  income who use the WIC family benefit program. That is the Women,  Infants, and Children program.   The Abbott recall and formula shortages have devastated families  across our country, particularly those who rely on the WIC program.   I have been contacted by constituents who are traveling far and wide  to find the formula. They are going on the internet to find it. They  are printing their grandmothers' formulas. They are coming up with  other ways to try to get formula to infants.   This is absolutely unacceptable. We cannot sit by while families  struggle to feed their babies.   That is why I have sent letters to the CEOs of the four largest baby  formula manufacturers, pressing them on their plans to boost supply.  What happened? Why did this happen in the first place? How soon are  they going to get formula back on the shelves of our stores for our  families? How will they prevent future shortages?   We must pass this bill to provide the additional WIC program with the  flexibility that President Biden called for so that families across the  country can access affordable formula.   Under the WIC program now, they are only allowed to contract with  Abbott, the company that had the recalls, so this would allow them to  contract with other companies to provide this vital service.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for her extraordinary leadership in  responding to this crisis so comprehensively and quickly and also for  her leadership as the chair of the Appropriations Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the emergency spending that builds  on the Biden administration's progress in addressing the nationwide  infant formula shortage by providing the FDA with resources to increase  supply and prevent future shortages.   The national formula shortage threatens the health and economic  security of America's infants and families, especially those who  experience health inequities, including food insecurity.   In recent weeks, parents across the country have been forced to  ration food or travel for hours to obtain formula. For parents of  infants with special health needs, the nationwide formula shortage has  been especially dire. Some parents have considered going to the  emergency room just so that they can feed their babies. This is  unacceptable.   We cannot sit by while families struggle to feed their babies. That  is why the Committee on Oversight and Reform has started an  investigation to support the work of the legislative committees--the  Energy and Commerce and Appropriations Committees--that are putting  forward legislation to address this.    We sent letters to the CEOs of the four largest baby formula  manufacturers, pressing them on their plans to boost supply. When are  they going to have the formula back on the shelves in the stores? What  caused this? What are they doing to prevent future shortages?   I am proud to support, with my Democratic and, hopefully, Republican  colleagues, today's bill, which will appropriate $28 million for FDA to  safely increase our supply of infant formula and prevent future  shortages so that this will never happen again.   I thank Chair DeLauro for her leadership.    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Biden  administration for invoking the Defense Production Act to act on this.  They are also moving to import safe products from other countries. I  applaud the President's leadership, but I especially applaud the  leadership in this Congress, Speaker Pelosi, Leader Hoyer, Chair  DeLauro, Chair Pallone, all the people who have been involved in  helping America's infants.  [[Page H5162]]    I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important bill. We should be unified  for our children in this country.    MALONEY of New York  changed their vote from ``yea'' to ``nay.''   So the motion to recommit was rejected.   The result of the vote was announced as above recorded.       Members Recorded Pursuant to House Resolution 8, 117th Congress       Allred (Escobar)      Bass (Takano)      Bilirakis (Fleischmann)      Bourdeaux (Blunt Rochester)      Bowman (Garcia (TX))      Boyle, Brendan F. (Neguse)      Brooks (Moore (AL))      Brownley (Kuster)      Butterfield (Ross)      Cardenas (Soto)      Castro (TX) (Garcia (TX))      Cawthorn (Moore (AL) )      Cherfilus-McCormick (Soto)      Chu (Takano)      Cleaver (Blunt Rochester)      Correa (Takano)      Cuellar (Garcia (TX))      DeFazio (Bonamici)      Delgado (Neguse)      DeSaulnier (Beyer)      DesJarlais (Fleischmann)      Dunn (Salazar)      Fallon (Jackson)      Gomez (Soto)      Gosar (Gohmert)      Higgins (NY) (Pallone)      Jackson Lee (Cicilline)      Jayapal (Takano)      Johnson (TX) (Jeffries)      Jones (Escobar)      Joyce (OH) (Moore (UT))      Katko (Moore (UT))      Keating (Cicilline)      Kirkpatrick (Pallone)      Lamb (Pallone)      Langevin (Lynch)      Lee (NV) (Neguse)      McEachin (Beyer)      McHenry (Banks)      Meeks (Horsford)      Meijer (Moore (UT))      Meng (Escobar)      Nehls (Fitzgerald)      Ocasio-Cortez (Takano)      Pascrell (Pallone)      Payne (Pallone)      Price (NC) (Manning)      Reschenthaler (Keller)      Ruiz (Takano)      Schakowsky (Takano)      Schrader (Blunt Rochester)      Scott, David (Jeffries)      Sewell (Cicilline)      Sires (Pallone)      Stauber (Bergman)      Stewart (Curtis)      Suozzi (Beyer)      Swalwell (Soto)      Taylor (Jackson)      Vargas (Takano)      Walorski (Banks)      Wilson (FL) (Neguse)      Wilson (SC) (Timmons)    