 Mr. Speaker, good morning. I rise in opposition to  amendment No. 455. It is currently almost 2 a.m. here on the House  floor and most Americans are asleep. In China, they are finishing up  with lunch, and after the videos we have seen this week, it is possible  that Hunter Biden is on to his second fix for the night. Sadly, we are  here on the floor trying to sneak in land grabs to the NDAA.   This Federal land grab would lock up 400,000 acres in Colorado with  no regard to the terrible consequences this would have on the  constituents of Colorado's Third District.   The bill also seeks to permanently prevent responsible oil and gas  production on nearly 200,000 acres. While Americans are paying record- high gas prices, while Biden is shipping our oil reserves to the  Communists in China, Democrats here in the House want to lock up more  of our oil and gas underground never to be seen or utilized.   Mr. Speaker, 65 percent of the lands impacted by this amendment are  in my district. Numerous stakeholders from the American Colorado Farm  Bureau  [[Page H6480]]  to the Grand Junction Chamber of Commerce all oppose the CORE Act. It  is stuff like this that ticks the American people off, and it is why  the GOP will have the majority in November.   There are reasons why the Senate rejected this bill outright. It is  because the American people don't want it. I am proud to have worked  with them last time we passed the NDAA to remove this from the final  passage. There are good reasons why it is so unpopular.   The CORE Act threatened to accelerate wildfires due to its numerous  wildfire designations and other provisions that restrict Federal  agencies' ability to actively manage their lands. Are Coloradans  supposed to simply stand by and watch more and more of our State get  swallowed up in wildfires?   That is what this legislation would do.   Nothing good happens after midnight, and this bill is no exception. I  do believe that my colleague from Colorado wants cleaner air and  cleaner water. I would ask him to help me in managing our public lands  rather than locking them down. We all want to be good stewards of the  land that we have been given.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to amendment  No. 456, an amendment that would add the Protecting America's  Wilderness and Public Lands Act into this year's NDAA.   This bill would add nearly 1.5 million acres of new wilderness and  permanently withdraw 1.2 million acres from mineral production.  Democrats already locked down our businesses, they locked down our  churches, and they locked down our schools. But that wasn't disastrous  enough. Now they want to lock down our public lands.   Approximately 550,000 of those 1.5 million acres that will be locked  up by these new wilderness designations are in my district. Over 55  percent of Colorado's Third Congressional District is already Federal  land. The last thing that communities in my district need is further  restrictions imposed by government limiting what they can do on public  lands.   People back home impacted by this lands package have raised  significant concerns ranging from the loss of recreation, the  elimination of multiple use of the land, and the overall threats to  local rural economies.   However, one of the biggest concerns in the Western States is the  increased threat of disastrous wildfires that will result from the new  wilderness designation and other land grabs in this bill. Wilderness is  the most restrictive land use designation possible. It prevents active  management in our forests which is critical to preventing catastrophic  wildfires.   Placing my district under lock and key will prevent all Americans  from being able to access the lands and experience our majestic purple  mountains firsthand.   I have also visited the HAT facility in Eagle County. I have talked  to our military pilots who would actually lose some of their land that  they currently train over. This is a national security threat. They  need that land to be able to train as they protect our country and  then, of course, the 1,200 miles of river that would be designated wild  and scenic, well, that is not fair.   That is in my district. I am not going to the gentlewoman's district  and designating the 16th Street Mall wild and scenic, but I do believe  we can all agree that it is pretty wilderness down there.   