 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 847, the Promoting Digital  Privacy Technologies Act. This legislation supports research activities  to advance innovative technologies to safeguard individuals' privacy.   As Americans have moved more and more of their lives online,  especially during the pandemic, it has also resulted in more digital  consumer data and personal information being generated than ever  before.   This personal information has long been a target for cybercriminals,  and it has only worsened over the pandemic. According to the Federal  Trade Commission, identify theft increased by almost 3,000 percent over  the past year. This problem is exacerbated by the failure of some  companies to properly safeguard consumer data.   This data is a valuable asset. In 2017 ``The Economist'' claimed data  is now the world's most valuable resource. When safely utilized, it can  do a great deal to spur our economy and support innovations like  artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our task is to ensure  this resource doesn't fall into the hands of bad actors, putting  Americans' private information at risk.   Privacy Enhancing Technologies, PETs, may be part of the solution.  PETs utilize cryptography and statistics to minimize the amount of  personally identifiable information while ensuring the data sets are  still usable. However, more research is needed to understand PETs'  applicability and to encourage further development and adoption.   This bill requires the National Science Foundation to support  fundamental research into PETs, the mathematics that is the foundation  of PETs, and additional technologies that promote data minimization  principles. The legislation also directs NIST to work with stakeholders  to develop voluntary consensus standards for incorporating these  technologies into Federal and commercial applications.   I thank Chairwoman Stevens and Representative Gonzalez for leading  this very important legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support  this bill.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, while the data revolution offers an  opportunity to solve many of the world's grand challenges, we must also  ensure these innovations don't put Americans' private information at  risk. By supporting further research on privacy-enhancing technologies  through this legislation, we are taking important steps to strengthen  consumer privacy while enabling the use of consumer data.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5324, the NOAA Weather Radio Modernization Act, is  dedicated to supporting, upgrading, and modernizing one of the best  alert systems we have for extreme weather and other dangerous events.   The NOAA Weather Radio All Hazards system, known as NWR, is a highly  successful, nationwide network of stations that broadcasts natural,  environmental, and safety alerts to the public through radio broadcast  frequencies.   Whether it is an earthquake, tornado, chemical release, oil spill, or  AMBER Alert, the NWR broadcasts 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to 95  percent of the U.S. population. It is lifesaving and informative to  everyone, no matter their location. Simply put, NWR is the single  source for comprehensive weather and emergency information.   Many of my constituents in Oklahoma heard alerts through their  National Weather Radio receiver last week when severe weather and  tornadoes struck Seminole County in the late evening. Thankfully, there  have been no reported casualties, and that is due in large part to  citizens heeding the warnings of the NWR.   The NWR is consistent, as it operates even when the power goes out  and cell service is down. It is also trusted because of its accuracy  and long track record of saving lives. But as with all technology, it  needs to be upgraded and modernized to remain just as effective in the  future as well as ensure current outages are short and infrequent.   It was almost three decades ago, in the late 1990s, that the NWR  network received its last upgrade. Since that time, operations and  maintenance costs related to transmitters and antennas have increased.  It should be obvious that technology has greatly advanced, as the very  first iPhone wasn't available when these upgrades took place.   As the world becomes more digitalized, we must ensure that older  systems like this that protect lives and property don't get lost in the  shuffle. That is why I introduced this legislation. H.R. 5324  authorizes upgrades to the existing system through timely repairs and  ensures that the reliable infrastructure in place is not abandoned.  This will help outages become less common.   Mr. Speaker, to give you an idea of this need, right before coming  down here, I checked the NWR's website to see that 19 transmitters are  currently out of service, and nine are experiencing degraded signal.  That means 28 areas and surrounding communities are at risk of severe  events with minimal warning.   This legislation also establishes a modernization initiative for  broadcasts to transmit to IP-based communications and develop options  for backup capabilities and enhanced signal transmission. This paves  the way for future development and provides failsafe options, so NWR is  never down for an extended period of time.   Last but not least, H.R. 5324 requires NOAA to conduct an assessment  of NWR access. This will ensure that the modernization efforts are  effective and people across the country have easy, reliable access in a  manner that is in line with modern technology.   The benefits of the National Weather Radio right now are numerous.  The signal can easily reach and educate vulnerable communities. It can  cover both land and marine warnings. And when a disaster is over, NWR  can issue an all-  [[Page H4731]]  clear for a community that might be battered, but whose people are  safe. Therefore, we should ensure its continued use by supporting its  reliability and efforts to bring the system into the 21st century. I am  proud to have introduced this legislation that does exactly that and  will protect the lives of Oklahomans, as well as communities across the  Nation.   I thank the Environment Subcommittee Chairwoman Sherrill for leading  this bill with me and for her efforts to work across the aisle for its  passage. I also thank Representatives Kilmer, LaTurner, Bonamici, and  Ellzey for cosponsoring it.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Lucas), who is the  distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Science, Space, and  Technology and dean of the Oklahoma delegation.    Mr. Speaker, the NWR Modernization Act of 2021  will ensure the continued safety of all Americans when experiencing  severe weather and other emergency events. We have seen examples as  recent as the past month of the NOAA Weather Radio saving lives in  Oklahoma, Iowa, and Colorado.   Although the National Weather Radio coverage is currently available  to 95 percent of the U.S. population, I see no reason why we shouldn't  strive for 100 percent. Every citizen, no matter how remote or isolated  their location, deserves equal access to this lifesaving service.   Additionally, because we have seen just how effective NWR is, we need  to support its modernization and continued use for decades to come.  Many services across different industries have used technology to adapt  to a more modern age, and our country's emergency alert system should  be no different. This bill allows NOAA to achieve both of those goals.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, we are now considering a Senate  bill, S. 66, the South Florida Clean Coastal Waters Act of 2021. I  support this bill, and I would like to note that I especially  appreciate that we are going through the normal legislative process  here.   Last Congress, the House passed H.R. 335, a bill introduced by  Representative Mast, to address harmful algal blooms, HABs, in South  Florida. This Congress, Representative Mast reintroduced the  [[Page H4733]]  same language as H.R. 565 with Science, Space, and Technology Committee  cosponsors Representatives Posey, Waltz, and Gimenez.   H.R. 335, H.R. 565, and the bill we are considering now, S. 66, are  all one and the same. It is simple language that is critically  important to my colleagues in Florida and their communities, which are  dependent on clean, healthy waters.   The legislation requires the Inter-Agency Task Force on Harmful Algal  Blooms and Hypoxia to produce an assessment of the causes,  consequences, and potential mitigation options to reduce HABs and  hypoxia in South Florida.   The legislation also calls for the task force to assess our current  work and identify gaps in research, monitoring, and management efforts.  The task force will also develop an action plan for reducing,  mitigating, and controlling HABs and hypoxia.   This will build on the great work to reduce those in other parts of  the country; namely, the Great Lakes region and the northern Gulf of  Mexico.   It is solid legislation, and I look forward to seeing its results in  Florida.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, the South Florida Clean Coastal  Waters Act will help Floridians enjoy clean, safe, and healthy waters.  That helps families and our economy.   We have already seen how efforts like this can succeed in reducing  harmful algal blooms in other parts of the country. This legislation  will ensure southern Florida enjoys the same success.   This is a great example of solid policymaking through regular order,  and I appreciate all the work that went into it. I thank Senators Rubio  and Scott for their work on the bill across the Hill; Representative  Mast for his willingness to collaborate with our Senate colleagues; and  Representatives Posey, Waltz, and Gimenez for leading this effort for  the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7077, the Empowering the  U.S. Fire Administration Act. This bipartisan legislation would help us  better investigate and prevent deadly fires by giving the U.S. Fire  Administration the authority to collaborate with local fire  departments. With this authority, they can send safety specialists,  fire protection engineers, codes and standards experts, researchers,  and fire training specialists to assist with on-site investigations of  major fires.   The U.S. Fire Administration is housed within FEMA, and it helps  enhance our ability to prevent and respond to fires through research  and education.   It has valuable and lifesaving resources in preventing, responding  to, and investigating fires. This bill would ensure that State and  local governments can access their expertise and, hopefully, prevent  major fires in the future.   The bill directs U.S. Fire Administration incident investigators to  examine the causes and origins of fires. Their expertise will help  local officials assess factors that contributed to the loss of property  and life, including the use of codes and standards, demographics,  structural characteristics, smoke and fire dynamics, and related costs.   Additionally, the bill requires the U.S. Fire Administration to issue  a report in coordination with Federal, State, and local authorities on  their findings and to provide recommendations on how to prevent similar  fires from occurring in the future.   I thank Representative Torres for introducing this bill after New  York's deadliest fire in over three decades claimed the lives of 17  residents, including 8 children.   Representative Torres recognizes that it is critical that we empower  the U.S. Fire Administration to partner with local fire departments to  help determine the root cause of these tragic and horrific fires to  make sure they never happen again.   The bill incorporates stakeholder and agency feedback and is endorsed  by the Fire Department of New York, the International Association of  Fire Chiefs, International Association of Fire Fighters, the National  Association of State Fire Marshals, and the National Fire Protection  Association.   It is smart and practical policy to make the best possible use of our  resources to protect American lives. In addition to Representative  Torres, I thank the original cosponsors from our committee:  Representatives Stevens, Meijer, and Gonzalez.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Meijer), my freshman colleague.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise again in support of H.R. 7077, the Empowering the U.S. Fire  Administration Act.   As I previously mentioned, the USFA has valuable and lifesaving  resources in preventing, responding to, and investigating fires. This  bill would ensure that State and local governments have access to these  resources and that the U.S. Fire Administration has the authority  needed to conduct on-site investigations of major fires.   We cannot afford to let any more tragic and preventable fires like  the one in Representative Torres' district happen in the future.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1437, the PRECIP Act. This  legislation, sponsored by the Chairwoman of the Environmental  Subcommittee, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Ms. Sherrill), would  amend the Weather Act to enhance precipitation estimates and improve  how NOAA works with stakeholder groups to best utilize this data.   This precipitation data is crucial to our forecasting abilities.  Accurate precipitation estimates not only inform  [[Page H4738]]  our decisions on agriculture and water resources but also help us  better predict and protect ourselves from natural disasters like  flooding and landslides. To improve these estimates, this bill directs  NOAA to partner with the National Academies to review current practices  for estimating precipitation and identifying research needs in order to  improve these forecasts.   Additionally, the legislation requires NOAA to update its maximum  precipitation estimates within 6 years of the National Academies report  and every 10 years afterward.   Finally, this bill directs NOAA to develop and publish a national  guidance document for Federal and State agencies, meteorologists, and  other users to follow when performing probable maximum precipitation  studies.   The commonsense steps in this bill will provide tremendous benefits  across the country. Communities will benefit from access to better data  as they make key decisions about creating and updating infrastructure  to address extreme weather events, including flooding.   This will make a real difference across America. My home State of  Oklahoma is home to thousands of dams. Many of these structures are in  need of repair and modernization, and the communities responsible for  these dams rely on accurate data to ensure we are prepared for future  rainfall. Too often, we have had to rely on out-of-date data to make  these critical decisions, which will not be the case if the PRECIP Act  becomes law.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of the legislation, and I will thank  Chairwoman Sherrill for her work on this important topic. I urge my  colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I once again thank  Representative Sherrill for sponsoring this important legislation.  Better precipitation estimates will improve the way we do business,  manage infrastructure, and prevent losses during natural disasters.   This is a smart and practical bill that ensures we have accurate data  from NOAA on precipitation. It also ensures NOAA will update its  estimates more frequently so communities can use timely data to make  crucial decisions.   I appreciate my colleagues' work on this important topic, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   