 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question  so that we can immediately consider H.R. 7690.   Madam Speaker, the Biden regime wants to talk disinformation? Okay,  let's give them something to talk about.   Let's talk about how the White House said that it was Republicans  that want to defund the police.   Let's talk about how Secretary Mayorkas said the southern border is  closed.   Let's talk about how Joe Biden said his Build Back Better agenda cost  zero American tax dollars.   Let's talk about how Biden's new press secretary falsely claimed  Trump stole the 2016 Presidential election.   And remember Afghanistan? Let's talk about how Joe Biden said any  American who wants to come home, we will get you home. Well, that  sounds like the words of a lying, dog-faced pony soldier to me.   The American people will not have their speech monitored by corrupt,  career professional politicians who lie day in and day out.   And now the DHS, a militarized department, has established a new  Disinformation Governance Board, or more accurately known as the  department of propaganda. DHS was created to stop terrorism. Now it is  being used to terrorize the American people.   And who did Mayorkas hire to run this Orwellian ministry of truth?  This lady, Nina Jankowicz. Mayorkas calls her an expert on  disinformation, probably because she tells lies all the dang time. Nina  said that President Trump would embolden ISIS. Well, he defeated it.  Nina said the Hunter Biden laptop from hell was a Trump campaign  product. Nina said that concerned parents who wanted a say in their  children's education were pushing disinformation; and Nina said Big  Tech should censor the Wuhan lab leak theory because it was, you  guessed it, disinformation.   Nina doesn't seem to have a good relationship with truth and will  surely use this board to silence Americans. Nina is no public servant.  How is that, you say? Don't take it from me. Here are her words. Are  these the words of a public servant? What do I need to do to--well,  Madam Speaker, I will let you read the rest of that. This doesn't sound  like someone who should be monitoring Americans' speech.   The Democratic Party has truly lost their minds, from intimidating  judges at their homes, burning down pregnancy centers, and vandalizing  churches, to calling moms and dads domestic terrorists, and now  creating this department to censor free speech because extremists are  scared of, what, Elon Musk?    They say social media censoring doesn't go far enough.  And this needs to be defunded.   