 Madam Speaker, I rise today to present a reasonable  solution to a challenge that millions of American women face: access to  birth control.   Seventy percent of women aged 18 to 64 reported using oral  contraceptives throughout their lifetime. A majority of women also  support making birth control available over the counter without a  prescription. That is why I will be offering a motion to recommit this  bill in a few moments, to stand for those women.   Women should be able to access their preferred birth control method  conveniently. Unfortunately, that is not the reality for many women. In  rural Iowa, some women have to drive an hour to be able to see a  gynecologist. That means taking a day off of work, finding additional  childcare, spending hours in a car, and paying expensive gas prices to  get there.   This is unreasonable when we have safe and effective birth control  options that have been FDA-approved that still aren't available over  the counter.   My amendment would require the FDA to give priority review for over- the-counter access to routine-use oral contraceptives that the agency  has already deemed safe for women aged 18 and up.   I want to emphasize that this is for regular birth control pills, not  emergency contraceptives like Plan B.   Making birth control available over the counter would have a  significant impact on women's lives. My colleagues across the aisle  give you a whole lot of lip service about supporting women. They claim  that their policies, no matter how far outside of the mainstream, are  the only way to support women. That is just not true.   Madam Speaker, I am proposing a solution today that the overwhelming  majority of American women agree with, making their regular birth  control pill available at their local pharmacy.   We have an opportunity here to work together to enact meaningful  legislation that will benefit women. Instead, my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have offered a bill that I simply cannot  support. Their bill attacks conscience protections for providers,  expands access to abortion pills, and risks women's health.   But I am not willing to vote ``no'' and just give up on this, so that  is why I am offering a solution that we should all be able to get  behind. We should work together to make oral contraceptives more  accessible.   I ask my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the motion to recommit today,  adopt my amendment, and give women an over-the-counter option for birth  control.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record prior to the vote on my motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   