 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the  distinguished career of a Nebraska public servant, U.S. District Court  Judge John Gerrard.   After just over 10 years on the Federal bench in the District of  Nebraska,  [[Page S641]]  he announced Monday that he will move to senior status starting next  year. Judge Gerrard's impressive career has spanned more than four  decades, and it is not over yet. After his successor is confirmed, he  will remain on the bench with a reduced caseload.   Judge Gerrard is a native Nebraskan. He grew up in Schuyler and  attended Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln. He left the good  life, temporarily, to pursue an MPA at the University of Arizona and a  JD at the University of the Pacific in California.   I am grateful that he came home to Nebraska after law school. In  1981, Judge Gerrard began his career in private practice in Norfolk. A  year later, he also began serving as a part-time city attorney for the  neighboring community of Battle Creek. That was the start of 40 years  and counting of selfless public service.   In 1995, he was appointed to the Nebraska Supreme Court by then- Governor Ben Nelson. He was just 41 years old at the time, making him  the youngest-ever Nebraska Supreme Court Justice.   After more than 15 years on our State's highest court, he was  nominated by President Obama to the Federal judgeship he holds now in  2011, serving as chief judge for 3 of those years.   At every turn, Judge Gerrard has used his respect for the law to  advance the greater good of Nebraskans and all Americans. During his  time on the bench, I have appreciated hearing his views about many  pressing judicial matters. His perspective as a sentencing judge has  also been crucial in helping me to unpack how proposed legislation in  Congress would affect Federal judges.   It has been an honor to know Judge Gerrard and to work with him for  over a decade. He is an accomplished, skilled, and respected jurist,  and I am glad that he has chosen to continue his service after moving  to senior status.   Everyone who knows Judge Gerrard can attest that his wisdom extends  far beyond the law. He has never failed to impress me with his keen  observations about life. He is a good man with a servant's heart, and I  am proud to call him a friend.   On behalf of all Nebraskans, I would like to thank him for his four  decades of dedicated public service. I look forward to working with  President Biden to confirm a district court judge who will live up to  Judge Gerrard's legacy of ruling fairly in accordance with the  Constitution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   