 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8373,  the right to deception act.   First, this bill is completely unnecessary. In no way, shape, or form  is access to contraception limited or at risk of being limited. The  liberal majority is clearly trying to stoke fears and mislead the  American people, once again, because in their minds stoking fear is  clearly the only way that they can win.   No State--not one--not one State across the country has banned access  to contraceptives. That is a fact--and an inconvenient one on the left.  Now they are left to make up wild stories about States that they cannot  name banning contraceptives.   However, rather than uniting behind the broad and commonsense notion  that access to safe and legal contraception is important, my colleagues  on the left have once again chosen political theater. I guess that  would explain the connection to Hollywood, right?   It is time to get past the theater and look at these inconvenient  facts that my colleagues on the left will not tell you about, and their  outrageous claims.   They claim that this is a clean codification to ensure that  contraceptives can never be banned in this country. Let me be clear,  this goes far beyond that claim.   In fact, this bill jeopardizes constitutional rights of individuals  and organizations across this great land by forcing providers to  prescribe various forms of contraception that violates their religious  rights. We are a Nation that upholds and values religious freedom, and  this bill here today flies in the face of individuals with religious  liberty concerns.   As a constitutional conservative, I am also disturbed by the  provisions within this bill that attempt to provide a back door for  abortion service providers, like Planned Parenthood, to tap into more  Federal taxpayer dollars.   This bill, brought under false pretenses by the left, in a vain  attempt to scare Americans with lies and exaggeration represents a  clear overstep of Federal authority.   If you are still wondering why every single Member in this Chamber  should be voting against this bill--the right to deception act--you  should know that this administration has already proven that they will  sick a highly politicized DOJ on concerned parents.    Madam Speaker, if you are wondering, once again, why  every single Member in this Chamber who took an oath to uphold the  United States Constitution, not a political parties' oath, if you are  wondering why you should vote against the right to deception act, you  should know that this administration has already proven that they will  sick a highly politicized DOJ on concerned parents. They have done it  before. They will do it again.   This bill here today would take away a parent's rights with regard to  their children and the State laws that are designed to protect minors.  No bureaucrat in Washington knows better than our parents back home. I  would be happy to debate that fact any day.   Let's recap. This bill--the right to deception act--is looking to  solve a problem that doesn't exist. But more than that, in seeking to  solve a problem that doesn't exist, you want to spend more of our  taxpayer money to grow the size and scope of government and to allow  more abortions to occur and kill our children. Cool. You all are a real  piece of work. Folks back home, they see right through this, and they  will see through it in November.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to this bill.   