 Madam Speaker, I have come to the floor many times over  the last 3 years and discussed the oath of office. The oath to protect  and defend our Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic.   Every Member of this body swore that oath, and it is the same oath  that our President and military officers, including those like Mr.  Banks, swear in service to our Nation.   That is service.   When an American enlists or commissions in our Armed Forces, or when  someone takes elected office, or even a senior position in the  executive branch, they do so to serve the American people.   Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro had the duty to serve the American  people. Unfortunately, they instead chose to serve the interests of one  man, who sought to advance his own agenda at the peril of American  democracy.   They now have the duty to respond to the subpoenas of this committee,  but they have apparently decided that they are above the law.   The American people deserve the truth about the attack that attempted  to prevent the peaceful transition of power, and the committee is  united in our duty to investigate.   This committee has conducted over 800 voluntary depositions and  interviews, with more scheduled, including witnesses who worked in the  previous administration and even close family members of the former  President.   The committee has received nearly 90,000 documents pertaining to  January 6, and we followed up over 435 tips received through the  committee's tip line.   Hundreds of witnesses have voluntarily come forward and cooperated  with our investigation, but Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro have refused to  do their part.   They have been given every opportunity to come forward, yet they have  attempted to obstruct the pursuit of justice and to stonewall the  committee's work and conceal the truth, despite both publicly  acknowledging their roles in promoting election fraud conspiracies and  counseling the former President on changing the outcome of the  election.   Mr. Meadows, and today Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro, my question  remains: What are you covering up, and who are you covering for?   Their failure to answer that question about January 6 is disregarding  the law, and they should be held accountable. That is why I will vote,  and I will urge my colleagues to vote to hold Mr. Navarro and Mr.  Scavino in contempt of Congress.   