 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7666, the Restoring Hope  for Mental Health and Well-Being Act.   We are taking urgent action to help States and communities provide  lifesaving mental health care to people in need, especially for our  children and those suffering from severe mental illness.   I think about Austin, a 9-year-old boy who struggled to cope when his  school was shut down, and his parents were going through a divorce. He  was socially isolated and didn't know where to turn. When he confessed  suicidal thoughts to his mom, they faced long waiting lists and no beds  for the care that he needed.   Cases like Austin's can't be ignored. Parents, teachers, and medical  professionals are talking about this everywhere I go.   In Spokane, Washington, we are seeing more violence in our schools  and rising crime. Drug overdose deaths and fentanyl poisoning were up  300 percent last year. There is an overwhelming sense of despair,  anxiety, fear, and isolation. This has been heightened by the horrific  shootings in Uvalde and Buffalo. Especially for our children, we need  to deliver hope and healing in every community in our country.   This bill will help children in crisis and improve school safety. For  example, Congresswoman Ashley Hinson is leading with Richard Hudson on  a provision that will expand access to behavioral and mental health  services to kids in schools.   It also includes a solution I led on with Congresswoman Young Kim to  reauthorize the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act, which supports  community-based youth and young adult suicide prevention programs.   Like with Representative French Hill's solution in this, we are  removing red tape, boosting treatment access, and making sure  communities have resources to combat the substance use disorder  epidemic in America.   More than 100,000 people are dying a year, and our communities are in  desperate need of help to prevent, treat, and rescue people from  overdoses and despair.   The priorities in this bill are targeted to responsibly address our  most urgent needs so we can build stronger families, communities, and a  brighter future. We are accomplishing this by stopping duplicative  programs and cutting the deficit by $200 million. The bulk of the  programs in this bill are block grants that have been successful in  providing our States and communities with the resources and  flexibilities to meet the specific and unique needs in combating mental  illness and addiction while keeping the Federal Government out of the  decisionmaking process for treatments and care.   By protecting charitable choice, we are also making sure faith-based  and religious organizations are competing on an equal footing. This is  a victory for conscience protections.   The provisions in this bill also support care for maternal mental  health and substance use disorders, which are among the leading causes  of death for pregnant and postpartum women. We are saving lives and  caring for women at every stage of pregnancy and beyond.   Mr. Speaker, I again urge support for this legislation. I thank  Chairman Pallone for his leadership and for working with us on  solutions from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   While families and communities will lead the way to address the root  causes of despair, isolation, violence, and overdose deaths that are  tearing nearly every community apart and destroying people's lives,  this bill takes an important step forward to help them in these  efforts.   We are taking action to turn this despair into hope. Children like  Austin in communities like mine in eastern Washington are counting on  it. Let's  [[Page H5775]]  deliver today and keep building on this work.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Emmer), who has led on important  provisions for children in this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), our lead on the Subcommittee on  Health.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), a leader on this issue, who  sponsored the underlying bill that is incorporated in this package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Tony Gonzales), whose community understands  the importance of hope and healing like no other right now.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlemen from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong), a leader on the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), a leader on the committee and  on this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much  time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim), who is a leader on a  provision within the larger package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), who is a leader on the issue.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce), a member of the Committee on  Energy and Commerce.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Madam Speaker, I want to again just express appreciation to the  chairman of the committee, all the Members that have participated in  helping bring this package of very important mental health proposals to  the House today. I urge a strong ``yes'' vote.   As many have said, we have a mental health crisis. At a time when  there is so much fear and anxiety and stress, we see increased suicide.  We see drug overdoses, and it is time that we act, and act in a way  that is really going to make a difference for America's families and  our youth in particular.   Madam Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume. I rise in support of the amendments offered en bloc.  I rise today to express my strong support for this group of amendments.  Included in this en bloc are important bills that have already  overwhelmingly passed the House, including Representative Katko's  Suicide Prevention Lifeline Improvement Act, which reauthorizes the  National Suicide Prevention Lifeline program and ensures resources are  available for the continued operation of the hotline, especially with  9-8-8 going live next month.   Representative Katko also has included in this en bloc the Mental  Health Services for Students Act, which provides an authorization for  the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's Project  AWARE grant.   Project AWARE is a successful program which supports partnerships  between the State and local systems in increasing awareness of mental  health issues among school-aged youth; providing training for school  personnel to detect and respond to mental health issues; and connecting  students with behavioral health issues and their families to needed  services.   The en bloc also includes the Reschenthaler amendment, which would  authorize a study on the cost of untreated serious mental illness on  families, the health system, the justice system, and the economy.    While very treatable, serious mental illness remains a neglected  health issue, and I am hopeful that the data gleaned from this study  will convince policymakers to do more to address this condition,  including addressing the IMD exclusion.   This group of amendments demonstrates the good work Congress can do  when both parties come together to find meaningful solutions to address  mental health in America.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Joyce).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3  minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Joyce). Mr. JOYCE of  Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my      The online version has been corrected to read: Mrs. RODGERS of  Washington. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce).  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the  amendments offered en bloc and yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for this  group of amendments addressing substance use disorder.   Included in this en bloc are important bills that have already passed  with overwhelming support, including Representative Rodney Davis'  Opioid Prescription Verification Act, which incentivizes States to use  prescription drug monitoring programs; requires certain controlled  substances to be prescribed electronically; and directs Federal  agencies to develop, disseminate, and periodically update training  materials to help pharmacists identify and report potential cases of  bad actors who attempt to illegally buy and sell controlled substances.   Also included is Representative   David McKinley's Block, Report, And  Suspend Suspicious Shipments Act, which places additional obligations  on drug manufacturers and distributors to identify and stop suspicious  orders of controlled substances.   We have seen a devastating increase in overdose deaths that I think  should be called poisonings, teens buying one pill via Snapchat and  immediately overdosing because of a small amount of fentanyl in those  pills. Just because it looks like a pill and someone says it was from a  pharmacy does not make it so. We need to do more to stop both diversion  of legitimate medication and counterfeits that are devastating our  communities.   These amendments are a good step in that direction, and I urge  adoption.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. McKinley), who has been a longtime  leader on the issues of substance abuse.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I claim the time in  opposition, but I urge adoption of the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise to urge adoption of  the Demings amendment, which requires a report on the mental health  issues experienced by law enforcement and the available resources or  programs that are available to law enforcement officers to address  mental health and stress.   According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, law enforcement  officers report high rates of depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic  stress disorders, with nearly one in four having considered suicide. In  fact, more officers die from suicide than do in the line of duty.   The report will include recommendations to Federal, State, and local  law enforcement agencies on how to improve the mental health and well- being of our officers.   It is a necessary first step in helping us understand what resources  are available to improve the mental health and wellness of law  enforcement officials. Those risking their lives to keep America safe  deserve passage of this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, as the designee of the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Ferguson), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   I rise to express my strong support for the Ferguson amendment, which  would incorporate the language of the bipartisan, House-passed  Behavioral Intervention Guidelines Act to the underlying package.   This important amendment authorizes the Substance Abuse and Mental  Health Services Administration to develop best practices for  establishing and appropriately using behavioral intervention teams in  schools.   Behavioral intervention teams are multidisciplinary teams that  support students' mental health and wellness by identifying students  experiencing stress, anxiety, or other behavioral disturbances, and  conducting intervention and outreach to these students to help manage  risk.   These teams are already active in some educational settings, such as  Texas Tech and the University of California, Los Angeles.   By acting in a proactive manner to assist students and connecting  them with needed resources, behavioral intervention teams help schools  create a safe environment for their students and improve mental health  outcomes in young people.   It is more important now than ever that schools and communities have  guidance on how to provide behavioral health resources and  interventions for their students to facilitate the early intervention  and treatment of mental health conditions.   This amendment will help children get help before their conditions  worsen or reach a crisis level. I strongly urge a ``yes'' vote on this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Griffith amendment which  provides additional time for implementation of the provisions of the  Mainstreaming Addiction Treatment Act included in this bill.   I supported the inclusion of this language at committee, as I believe  it will help increase access to substance use disorder treatment, the  underlying language. However, enacting this language will be a huge  policy change from the status quo.   Furthermore, States do regulate the practice of medicine, and each  State has unique, individual regulations and procedures regarding the  dispensing and the prescribing of scheduled narcotics. States could use  the additional time to update their laws with any changes they may want  now that Federal restrictions will be removed.   This is exactly what Mr. Griffith's amendment does. It sets the  implementation date for removing the X waiver requirement to take  effective on January 1, 2024.   Madam Speaker, I support this commonsense amendment that will ensure  that the Mainstreaming Addiction Treatment Act gets appropriately  implemented.    Mr. Speaker, America is the envy of the  world for our leadership in biomedical innovation. People from all over  the world have an incredible amount of hope in the promise of our  lifesaving, breakthrough research for more cures and treatments.    That is why I have been a longtime supporter of NIH and projects like  the BRAIN Initiative intended to speed scientific research necessary to  accelerate cures for neurologic diseases.   When the concept of ARPA-H was first proposed to me, I expressed a  healthy dose of skepticism.   First, I was concerned about a clear and targeted strategic mission.  I was concerned an unfocused agenda would not be a recipe for success.   The second was the issue of duplication. The Federal Government has  several agencies that advance biomedical innovation. Within the  National Institutes of Health alone, we already have the National  Center for Advancing Translational Science, the Cures Acceleration  Network, the Common Fund, and the Foundation for NIH's Accelerating  Medicines Partnership Program, to name a few.   Third, I was concerned that the creation of a new agency would lack  sufficient transparency and oversight. My questions to supporters of  ARPA-H included:   How will projects be selected?   How will the public be kept informed of projects and project funding?   Who will be assessing for duplication of Federal programs, and how  will it be managed?   What measure will be used to define success?   What are the guardrails to ensure that we are supporting American  innovators?   These concerns were validated earlier this year when the  administration began implementing the $1 billion that was appropriated  to set up ARPA-H with little to no congressional direction. The Biden  administration proposed 14 offices within ARPA-H. DARPA has six to  eight. They also placed ARPA-H within NIH, which has its own issues in  lacking transparency and accountability related to federally funded  research and the origins of COVID-19.   We needed to ensure proper oversight and provide guardrails through  congressional direction, so we plowed the hard ground necessary to  legislate through the Energy and Commerce Committee. Chairman Frank  Pallone and Health Subcommittee Chairwoman Anna Eshoo listened to my  concerns. We had very productive negotiations to properly define ARPA- H's mission and place strong safeguards for transparency and  accountability.   This bill defines ARPA-H's mission so that it is laser-focused on  high-risk breakthrough technologies in health and medicine that are not  being addressed by the private sector or current Federal programs.   This bill also prohibits Federal funding to China, Russia, and other  recipients subject to malign foreign influence.   It moves the agency back outside of NIH.   We are also making sure ARPA-H sets the right priorities. The  director must provide Congress with a strategic plan within 1 year of  enactment and every 3 years on how ARPA-H will carry out projects.  Projects will be evaluated every 18 months, and those not meeting  milestones are expected to be terminated.   We placed guardrails on ARPA-H to prioritize projects that provide  the greatest return on investment to improve human health and lower  healthcare costs.   This bill also keeps the focus on lifesaving research. The director  will have the power to hire and make appointments based on merit and  expertise, not based on provisions that reward government bureaucrats.   We require those who receive ARPA-H funding to provide a public  itemized report on indirect facilities and administrative costs.   To further cut down on duplication and mission creep, we limited the  number of offices to 6, not the 14 proposed by the administration. Of  those offices, at least four must be exclusively focused on R&D. In  addition, not more than 15 percent of the total agency funding is  allowed to go to administrative costs.   Mr. Speaker, I will close by thanking my colleagues for working  together on this. I especially recognize the leadership of Chairman  Pallone, Health Subcommittee Chairwoman Eshoo, Health Subcommittee  Republican leader Brett Guthrie, as well as the 21st Century Cures  leaders Fred Upton and Diana DeGette.   I am pleased we were able to come together. We put ARPA-H on the  right path with a targeted mission, increased accountability and  transparency, and a laser focus on promoting American innovators. It is  a strong example of E&C's bipartisan record of success in moving  legislation that will continue America's global leadership in  biomedical research.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to applaud and thank the members  of my team: Grace Graham, Kristen Shatynski, Seth Gold, Kristin Flukey,  and Kristin Ashford.   They say that Energy and Commerce has the best staff on the Hill, and  that is certainly evident through their service to deliver hope and  healing, both through this bill and through the package just before us  with the mental health package. At every step of the way, I am grateful  for their hard work and passion.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on H.R. 5585, the Advanced  Research Projects Agency-Health Act.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   