 Madam Speaker, I rise today because I need this  Congress to understand the failures of President Biden as our Nation's  Commander in Chief.   This administration was handed the reins to a country that had an  economy that was ready to bounce back after pandemic restrictions, a  southern border that was more secure than any other point in our  Nation's history, and a foreign policy that had us respected around the  globe. Instead of simply being a caretaker, who ran on being a unifying  force--and I want to say that again; he ran on being a unifying force-- this President chose to play politics of division from day one and  began dismantling all the positive policies of President Trump.   In January 2021, the President halted construction of the border wall  and overturned countless immigration policies that clearly worked.  These policies stopped dangerous caravans from bringing thousands of  illegal aliens to our southern border. These policies protected  thousands of illegals from the horrors of human trafficking, and these  policies kept not only our country's borders safe but the community of  the entire world safe as well.   In this President's first year, he chose to spend trillions of  American tax dollars on COVID relief. He spent those dollars on the  backs of our children and grandchildren when there was nearly a  trillion dollars from previous relief packages still unspent.   This wasteful spending that has included payments to keep people from  working has led to our Nation's supply chain disaster and the highest  inflation in nearly 40 years, not to mention the labor shortage that we  are facing now.  [[Page H227]]    Last week, President Biden gave a speech in Georgia that was not only  divisive and hateful but downright despicable--from the man who ran on:  I am going to unify this country.   He demanded that Congress give him what he wants, and anyone who  opposes him is a racist and a bigot. Seriously? That is the best you  have? When you can't debate the issues, you resort to calling half of  the American people and anyone who doesn't agree with you a racist and  a bigot? I think the American people deserve a little bit better.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle railed against President  Trump for anything they deemed divisive. So I ask them this: Will they  condemn this? Will they condemn their President for calling half of all  Americans racist? I doubt it.    Madam Speaker, I grew up through the disastrous Presidency of Jimmy  Carter. President Carter is often considered the worst President in  modern history. It appears President Biden wants to take that crown.   