 Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you to my colleague  from Virginia, Senator Kaine. I am really pleased to join you on the  floor in support of Dr. Gupta to be Ambassador at Large for Global  Women's Issues at the Department of State.   Sadly, this isn't the first time that I have come to the floor to  raise Dr. Gupta's nomination here with our colleagues in the Senate but  also with our colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee.   I have to admit that it is disappointing to still be standing here  trying to convince my colleagues that women's rights matter. They  matter whether they are in the United States, in Afghanistan, in Iran,  in China, or in Venezuela.   Partisan obstruction should not prevent a qualified nominee from  undertaking the necessary work of the Ambassador at Large for Global  Women's Issues. I have to be honest, it feels to me like what is at  issue here is more than just the Office of Global Women's Issues. It  feels like the Members of this body don't understand the role of that  office and think that anytime there is something that has ``women'' in  the title, that we must be talking about reproductive rights. Well,  that is not what the Office of Global Women's Issues does. Reproductive  rights are not part of that office, and it is disappointing that we are  here still debating whether we are going to put in an Ambassador into  that office, when since the beginning of the Trump administration,  we have only had about a year when we have had an Ambassador at the  Office of Global Women's Issues.    I would say to my colleagues across the aisle who are worried about  Dr. Gupta's record to meet with her. Sit down and talk about what she  would prioritize as Ambassador for Global Women's Issues. They should  request a briefing with USAID's Office of Global Health because that is  where their work is done to address women's healthcare.   What USAID's Office of Global Health has done is to reduce maternal  deaths by 30 percent annually. It saves the lives of 1.4 million  children under 5 each year, and it decreases--let me repeat that--it  decreases the number of abortions, particularly unsafe abortions, that  happen around the world. But that is not what the Office of Global  Women's Issues does.   I hope they won't continue to hold up Dr. Gupta's nomination because  they  [[Page S7178]]  don't understand how women's health is supported by the U.S. Government  or which offices do the work that they object to.   The Office of Global Women's Issues is charged with advancing the  rights and liberation of women and girls around the world through our  U.S. foreign policy. It endeavors to empower women and eliminate  barriers that prevent them from achieving equity and equality,  particularly economic equity and equality.   Not only does the Office of Global Women's Issues prioritize policies  and programs to advance the status of women around the world, it  ensures that U.S. policies incorporate a gender lens at all levels of  policy and decision making.   And now more than ever, we need an office that is charged with  leading U.S. policy on women, because around the world, what we have  seen as the result of the last few years of this pandemic is that the  gender gap has grown. Girls are dropping out and staying out of school  at a higher rate than boys; the female labor-force participation rate  has declined, with women holding less secure jobs and taking on even  more unpaid child and housing labor than before the pandemic; and  gender-based violence has increased to such an extent that U.N. Women-- the U.N. body charged with advancing the rights of women globally--now  warns of what they are calling a shadow pandemic of violence.   These are issues of consequence to half--more than half--of the  world's population. They need a champion in our U.S. foreign policy.  They need Dr. Gupta.   Gender equity, equality, and the empowerment of women and girls must  be a focal point of U.S. policy, and that is exactly what the  Ambassador at Large is intended to facilitate.   The reason it matters to our foreign policy is because what we know  is that when women are empowered, their families are empowered; they  give back more to their families and their communities than men do; and  societies that empower women are more stable societies.   These are issues that we need to pay attention to. We need someone in  that role who is going to pay attention to those issues. And that is  what Dr. Gupta would do if she is approved.   (Ms. SMITH assumed the Chair.)   So, Madam President, Senator Kaine, that is why we are here again on  the floor in support of Dr. Gupta's nomination in hopes that our  colleagues on both sides of the aisle--but particularly our Republican  colleagues--will recognize what the Office of Global Women's Issues  does and understand that it is not the office that is working on  reproductive rights for women.    Will my colleague yield for a question?    I think, perhaps, I wasn't clear. I didn't talk about  Dr. Gupta's position on reproductive rights for women. I talked about  the role of the Office of Global Women's Issues.   When I supported Kelley Currie, who was nominated by President Trump  to be the head of the Office of Global Women's Issues, I didn't ask  what her position was on choice; I asked her what she was going to do  if she took that role. And she had an excellent history of working on  issues that matter to women and foreign policy, and because that is not  the Agency that is charged with women's reproductive health in our  government, I didn't think that should be the basis on which I judged  whether she was the appropriate person to take over that role.   And, sadly, what seems to have happened is that because Dr. Gupta  personally says she is pro-choice, all of the anti-choice organizations  have made her nomination an issue.   So I would ask my colleague: Have you sat down with Dr. Gupta? Have  you asked her what she would do in her role if she is approved to be  the head of Global Women's Issues and whether that was something that  she was going to talk about or work on?    I would just say to my colleague, having sat through  those hearings, which my recollection is only one or two Republicans on  the committee showed up and that most of the people who I talked to had  not actually talked to Dr. Gupta, didn't actually know what the Office  of Global Women's Issues does. And it is very disappointing that they  are going to make a decision based on a press release from Planned  Parenthood as opposed to looking at what she would actually do in that  role and the responsibilities of that office.   So I am--you know, you guys think that every time you see ``women''  in a title, as I said, we are talking about reproductive rights. That  is not the case. There is a lot that women do besides having babies.   I yield the floor.   