 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022. This bill would  reauthorize our Nation's critical law to respond to domestic violence.  It is long overdue.   Last month, I introduced the Violence Against Women Act  Reauthorization Act alongside Senators Ernst, Durbin, Murkowski, and  others. A number of advocates joined us, including Angelina Jolie, to  speak about the importance of this bill.   This bill has received strong bipartisan support, including from 11  Republican cosponsors. And it has now been included in the Federal  Omnibus spending bill we are set to vote on this week.   This bipartisan bill would reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act  through 2027. And the bill includes important updates to modernize the  Violence Against Women Act to do an even better job of protecting and  supporting the survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual  assault, and stalking.   I was proud to support the original Violence Against Women Act in  1994. And I have supported each reauthorization of the law since then.   This includes the most recent reauthorization in 2013, which passed  the Senate by a strong bipartisan vote of 78-22.   I was honored to be able to sponsor this new reauthorization, which  expands protections for survivors.   This bill is the result of a truly bipartisan effort. I would like to  thank Senators Ernst, Durbin, and Murkowski for working with me to  prepare this important piece of legislation.   We have also had help from a number of our Senate colleagues on both  sides of the aisle who have made important contributions to this  effort.   I would also like to thank the many advocates who provided valuable  input and support for this effort. This bill was written in close  consultation with the people who are on the frontlines helping  survivors of domestic violence every day.   Together, we drafted a bill that preserves the good work of the last  Violence Against Women Act reauthorization and strengthens existing  programs.   For nearly 30 years, the Violence Against Women Act has played a  vital role in the Federal response to domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault, and stalking. I hope that this bill will be  an effective tool to build on those efforts.   The need to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act is clear.  These programs are vital tools that provide thousands of domestic  violence survivors with the resources they need.   For instance, according to the National Network to End Domestic  Violence, in a single day in 2020 there were  [[Page S1106]]  76,525 survivors of domestic violence who received assistance thanks to  programs funded and supported by the Violence Against Women Act.   Despite the progress made over the last three decades, sexual,  emotional, and physical abuse are still painful realities for far too  many Americans.   More than one in three women and more than one in four men will  experience rape, physical violence, or stalking by an intimate partner  in their lifetime.   According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, in my  home State of California, approximately 35 percent of California women  and 31 percent of California men will experience violence from intimate  partners in their lifetimes.   All too often, these instances of domestic violence have fatal  consequences. Nationwide, an average of three women each day are killed  by a current or former intimate partner.   Based on a recent study of domestic violence occurring in Orange  County, CA, just under half of domestic violence-related homicides  involved an individual with a known history of violence.   The Violence Against Women Act plays a critical role supporting law  enforcement in their efforts to stop these perpetrators before it is  too late.   It is clear that the programs created by the Violence Against Women  Act are necessary. And they need to be continually updated to meet the  needs of survivors.   The bipartisan reauthorization bill that will soon be considered by  the full Senate would reauthorize these important programs and provide  the necessary updates to strengthen them.   This bill enhances and expands services for survivors of domestic  violence, including survivors in rural communities, LGBT survivors,  survivors with disabilities, and survivors who experience abuse later  in life.   This bill reauthorizes and strengthens the criminal justice response  to domestic violence, including by improving the Justice Department's  STOP grant program and strengthening the ability of Tribal courts to  address instances of domestic violence on Tribal lands.   This bill establishes a pilot program on restorative practices that  focuses on addressing domestic violence, dating violence, sexual  assault, and stalking through community-based, victim-initiated efforts  to seek accountability.   This bill invests in prevention education efforts and improves the  healthcare system's response to sexual violence across the country.   These updates can have a real impact. According to analysis by the  International Association of Forensic Nurses, only one in four  hospitals throughout the country currently has a sexual assault  forensic nurse on staff. These gaps in our healthcare system have  critical impacts on a survivor's ability to seek necessary medical  attention after they experience sexual violence.   Our bipartisan bill seeks to remedy this problem by providing  additional funding and training to increase access to forensic nurses,  particularly in rural areas.   Though this bipartisan bill makes significant improvements to our  Nation's response to domestic violence, it is not a perfect bill. I  regret that certain provisions were unable to be included in this bill.   In particular, I wish that we had been able to include a provision in  this bill closing the ``boyfriend loophole.'' This provision would have  ensured that individuals convicted of domestic abuse against a dating  partner could not purchase firearms.   Individuals who are convicted of domestic violence against a spouse  are already prevented from purchasing a firearm. It is deeply  disappointing that there is not sufficient bipartisan support for this  commonsense provision to close this dangerous loophole.   Though we still have work to do, this bipartisan bill represents a  strong step forward in protecting and supporting the survivors of  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   It is time for the Senate to pass this long-overdue reauthorization  of the Violence Against Women Act.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this important bipartisan  legislation as it is considered on the floor. This bill is not for us;  it is for the millions of brave survivors that deserve action from  Congress.   