 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank the Representative from Massachusetts and the distinguished  chair of the Rules Committee for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Madam Speaker, S. 2938, as amended in the Senate, is at its core an  effort to chip away at the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding  citizens. It has received no hearings, no committee process, and has  only recently been released in bill form for the public to review. It  came to us very early this morning after the Senate passed it late last  night, and my colleagues expect us to vote on this bill later today,  despite the egregious procedural violations. Unfortunately for the  American people, that is not a unique development here in Congress. I  am disappointed that this is the way the majority has chosen to proceed  with legislation, with no hearing and no public input.   The bill provides $750 million over 5 years in Federal Byrne JAG  grant funding to States for crisis intervention proceedings, including  State-level red flag programs. However, this bill fails to provide  explicit due process requirements. We have seen in places where red  flag laws have been adopted that these types of laws always infringe on  the constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners. This ambiguous  language contains insufficient guardrails to ensure that the money is  actually going toward keeping guns out of the hands of criminals or  preventing mass violence.   Vague red flag laws are ripe for abuse and can become extremely  dangerous. For example, a person could have just gotten out of an  abusive relationship and has a firearm to defend themselves against  their ex-partner. Their abusive partner could report this individual  and have their firearm taken away, putting the victim at even greater  risk.   This bill also includes provisions that will lead to enhanced  scrutiny of certain adults based on their age before they can exercise  their constitutionally guaranteed rights. There are no other  constitutional rights in which we require enhanced screenings of  certain adults based solely on their age.   There is also surprisingly little in this bill that actually focuses  on making our schools safer. The bill does nothing to help provide for  additional school resource officers. I suspect this is due to the fact  that some of my Democrat colleagues are still incapable of supporting  funding for additional law enforcement officers, even in our children's  schools.   Lastly, we know that this is just the tip of the iceberg. President  Biden and my Democrat colleagues have made it abundantly clear that  this is just a ``small step'' toward their larger gun-grabbing agenda.  The actions of this administration's Department of Justice, FBI, and  ATF have completely whittled away the confidence of gun-owning  Americans that the provisions in these bills will not be abused beyond  their stated scope.   House Republicans are committed to identifying and solving the root  causes of violent crimes and bolstering school security, but doing so  must not infringe upon the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding  citizens. For example, just earlier this week, we voted on the  bipartisan Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act. This  bill contains the bulk of the mental health care provisions included in  the Senate bill, without infringing on Second Amendment rights.   In this case, the bill we are considering under this rule is not only  a blatant infringement on lawful gun owners' Second Amendment rights,  but an unnecessary duplication of the bipartisan work we have already  done.   Madam Speaker, for these reasons, I oppose the rule, ask Members to  do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I would just like to mention that my distinguished colleague  repeatedly talks about how this is not controversial. If it is not  controversial, then committee hearings held by the majority should not  be a problem. So I would ask again that we follow the procedures of the  House.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider Congressman Hudson's STOP  II Act, critical legislation that addresses two issues that both sides  of the aisle should be able to agree on, hardening for schools and  active-shooter training, law enforcement, and mental health funding.   I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the  Record, along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote  on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, House Republicans are committed to  addressing the tragedy of these school shootings, but we cannot and  should not impede the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens.  This is not a matter of Democrat or Republican; it is a matter of what  is in the Constitution.   Congressman Hudson's legislation is something we can pass right now,  today, that will have immediate positive effects, keeping students safe  while getting Americans the mental health resources they need.   Many of these solutions are included in the bill we are considering  under the rule, but Congressman Hudson's solution achieves the same  outcome without infringing on our Second Amendment rights.   Madam Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Hudson), to speak further on the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I wanted to point out to the gentleman  from the Massachusetts that the majority solely holds the power to give  the bill a hearing. And I am sure I can speak on behalf of the  gentleman from North Carolina that he would be happy to be granted a  hearing on his bill and would love to have that done given that you are  in control of those hearings.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Weber).    Madam Speaker, we join the chairman in wishing Rose  the best in her future endeavors. Thank you for that.   Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, House Republicans want to ensure that our schools and  communities are safe, but today the lack of hearings, the lack of  public input, and the lack of procedure offends our duty to our  constituents and our oath to defend the Constitution.   We are not willing to subvert constitutional rights of law-abiding  Americans, like this bill would do. There are solutions to prevent  tragedies like we have seen without affecting law-abiding gun owners.  We can pass those today, and that, both sides can agree on.   Unfortunately, the legislation provided under the rule attaches these  solutions to unconstitutional and misguided policies that are a ``small  step'' in the Democrats' broader gun control agenda.   Madam Speaker, I oppose the rule, and I ask Members to do the same. I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   