 I thank Senator Baldwin for her thoughtful remarks.   Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Women's Health  Protection Act, and I urge my colleagues to join us in standing up for  fundamental rights to freedom, autonomy, and self-determination.   Make no mistake: That is what this vote is about--who has the power;  who has the freedom to decide when your own health, livelihood, and  life are on the line.   There is nothing more American than the values of freedom and  individual autonomy; yet the U.S. Supreme Court is about to declare  that women in this country are not guaranteed the freedom to make their  own private decisions about abortion.   Justice Alito, Mitch McConnell, Senate Republicans, and radical  Republican State legislators around the country believe that they  should have the power--that they know better than American women, whose  lives and stories they will never know.   To that, I say: How dare they?   When I worked at Planned Parenthood, I saw firsthand the capacity of  women to make good decisions about their health, their bodies, and  their lives. To suggest otherwise is insulting to the dignity of women  as full, adult human beings and as equal citizens of this Nation, but  that is where we are. Justice Alito's draft opinion is a wake-up call  and a call to action. Reading his opinion was like a gut punch, but it  was not a surprise, and it didn't just happen.   This is the result of a decades' long campaign by Republicans and  their dark money donors to put anti-choice Justices on the Supreme  Court, to overturn Roe, and to strip women of their constitutional  rights. This is why this vote is so important. For the first time in my  living memory, the Supreme Court is about to take away a fundamental  constitutional right, and it is important that Americans see who is on  their side and who is responsible for this.   Extremist Republicans have been working for this goal for decades;  yet, now that this moment is almost here, they keep trying to change  the subject. In fact, they want to talk about anything but, including  when they spread misleading information about what the Women's Health  Protection Act would really do, which is to put the protections of Roe  into statute.   So why are Republicans running from this issue after having  campaigned on it for years?   Well, it is because Americans don't want to overturn Roe, and anti- choice Republicans know this. They know that they are on the wrong side  of history and on the wrong side of public opinion and of over half the  American electorate. That is why this vote is so important. We will not  let them dodge their responsibility for this outrageous attack on  women's freedom.   Now, some Republicans are saying that this is all a bit of a tempest  in a teapot. They say: Don't worry. All the Supreme Court is about to  do is to hand power back for the States to decide on abortion.   Colleagues, do not believe this. The American people deserve to know  where this goes next.   Today, we are fighting on the Senate floor to preserve in law the  basic protections of Roe v. Wade, but extremist Republicans have been  clear. Their end goal is to secure a nationwide ban on abortion. As  Senator McConnell said this weekend: It is not a secret that the Senate  Republican caucus is opposed to reproductive rights and that, if Senate  Republicans win the majority, a nationwide ban is ``worthy of debate.''   That is the post-Roe future if Republicans are in charge.   Even though a majority of Americans in all States believes that  abortion should be legal, Republicans have been clear that a nationwide  ban is their goal. At the same time, Republican State legislators are  brazenly moving forward. They are moving forward with extremist  policies that go way beyond depriving women of their essential  freedoms--they punish and criminalize women.   Take, for example, a Missouri mother of two, facing a high-risk  pregnancy, who travels to Illinois for an abortion because she is  worried about being there for her existing children. Missouri  Republicans want her to be labeled as a felon when she returns homes.    Take a woman in Louisiana who has an abortion after her IUD failed  and she had an unexpected pregnancy. Louisiana Republicans want her  convicted of homicide.   Take the Texas woman, who hoped and prayed for years for a baby, only  to have her doctor find a fatal fetal anomaly at 22 weeks. Texas  Republicans want her to carry that pregnancy for another 18 weeks, no  matter the risk to her life and no matter the trauma she faces as  people congratulate her on her upcoming baby when she knows she will  never know that child.   So I say again, how dare these Republicans think that they know  better than the women who live these stories.   This is the post-Roe world that Republicans want, and we won't stand  for it. If you think this struggle doesn't affect you or someone you  care about, think again.   One in four American women will have an abortion--women who are  Democrats, Republicans, Independents, women from all places and all  religious faiths. For these women, abortion isn't  [[Page S2403]]  about politics; it is about healthcare. Most of them never expected to  be part of this statistic, but life doesn't always go as we plan. Every  day, women deal with situations they never imagined, and they deserve  the freedom and the autonomy to decide for themselves what to do and  what is best for them.   With this vote to pass the Women's Health Protection Act, we are  showing whom we stand with and what we believe--the fundamental freedom  of people to make the best decisions for their health, their families,  and their futures.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Melody Tan and  Sarah Alexander--fellows in my office--be granted floor privileges for  the remainder of the 117th Congress.   