 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend  their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my  Special Order.    Madam Speaker, I am proud to be here during  Children's Week, alongside a number of my colleagues, to elevate the  ongoing need to invest in and support kids.   This year, Children's Week comes at a time when we are facing  critically important policy decisions that could lift millions of kids  out of poverty. Over the last 2 years, Congress made the most  significant investment in kids in decades. Legislation passed during  the pandemic, including the expanded and improved child tax credit,  which I was proud to for vote in the American Rescue Plan, increased  the share of Federal spending on children by nearly 50 percent.   But as emergency measures expire, children are experiencing a  backslide. More than 3 million children have been pushed back into  poverty since the expiration of the child tax credit. More than 6  million children are poised to lose Medicaid or CHIP coverage when the  public health emergency is revoked. Thousands of school meal providers  could be forced to shut down if child nutrition waivers expire at the  end of this month, leaving millions of kids without healthy meals this  summer.   The expiration of these provisions comes at a time when children are  navigating incredible challenges, including an epidemic of gun  violence, a wave of anti-LGBTQ-plus legislation, and a mental health  crisis. These examples serve as a reminder that every issue is a kids  issue.   As a member of the Select Committee on Economic Disparity and  Fairness in Growth, ending child poverty has been one of my top  priorities. Children are currently the poorest demographic group in the  United States, and our child poverty rate remains shockingly high  compared to our economic peers. Even in some of our  [[Page H5604]]  wealthiest States, like California, which I am proud to represent, and  in some of our wealthiest areas, like my district in San Diego, more  than 40 percent of kids were in families experiencing poverty before  the pandemic.   America's kids deserve better, and the good news is that we know what  works. The expanded child tax credit showed how much progress we can  make when families have the cash they need to make ends meet. Child  poverty fell by nearly 30 percent, and families overwhelmingly used  these funds to pay for food and other basic needs.   Since the start of the pandemic, the number of kids receiving vital  health coverage has soared, and over 10 million more students have  received free school lunches, saving families from completing  complicated applications that can isolate children from their peers.   There is so much more to do to support children and their families,  including expanding access to affordable, accessible childcare. I am  proud to be leading a letter, alongside Representatives Bonamici,  Castro, Houlahan, Himes, and McEachin, in support of including  childcare in any future reconciliation package.   As a country, we also need a clear national goal to reduce child  poverty, and we need data to inform our decisions and make sure no  child is falling through the cracks. That is why I am proud to be an  original cosponsor of the Child Poverty Reduction Act and why I was  proud to lead a letter, alongside Congresswoman DelBene and  Congresswoman Jayapal, calling for funding in the 2023 appropriations  bill to improve our measures on child poverty and family material  hardship.   Investing in children isn't just the right thing to do to give kids  and families a strong start. It is also the fiscally responsible thing  to do.   Child poverty costs our economy up to $1.1 trillion a year in lost  economic output, increased healthcare spending, and more. The  investments we make in kids pay off across a lifetime.   A study from Harvard's Opportunity Insights found that the  investments we make in kids consistently have the highest returns. For  every $1 we invest in high-quality early childhood education, we save  $6 down the road.   While some of my colleagues might say we can't afford to invest in  kids, the fact of the matter is, we can't afford not to. The case for  prioritizing kids is so strong, and I look forward to working with my  colleagues not just this week but every week to improve outcomes for  kids and build a better future.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster).    Madam Speaker, I congratulate the gentleman  on the birth of his grandchild.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   