 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and, of  course, the sponsor of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of, and as a proud sponsor of,  the CROWN Act.   For far too long, people with hairstyles or hair textures associated  with their race or their nationality have faced discrimination. Yes,  there are laws on the books, but it does not protect DeAndre Arnold,  who was a senior at Barbers Hill High School in the Houston area. He  was told to cut his dreadlocks in order to attend prom and his  graduation ceremony.   Imagine, you work all those years because they tell you that you need  to graduate, and then he is told you have to cut your dreadlocks.   For DeAndre, his hairstyle was important to him because it was part  of his Trinidadian culture and about who he is.   This is wrong. It must never ever happen again. The way that  individuals choose to style their hair is a direct representation of  their culture and of who they are. When individuals are told to alter,  cut, or change their hairstyle, what they are really being told is to  alter their culture and their being. This must end.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this bill. I urge my colleagues  here today to support it, to vote for it, and let's make this wrong a  right.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the  Emmett Till Antilynching Act. Sadly, more than 6,500 Black Americans  were lynched between 1865 and 1950. My home State of Texas sadly-- sadly--has the third highest number of lynchings in history. There were  468 documented deaths by lynching in Texas between 1885 and 1942.  However, many historians believe that closer to 5,000 Mexicans and  Mexican Americans died by lynching around this time.   Few actions are crueler, more heinous, and more inhumane than someone  being lynched. Yet to this day--and shamefully so--lynching does not  have a Federal hate crime legislation. Since 1900 there have been more  than 200 attempts to codify lynching as a Federal crime, but each  attempt was unsuccessful.   Today we can correct this historical injustice. By passing this bill,  we can begin the closing of this terrible and shameful chapter in  America's history.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I urge all my  colleagues to support it here today. I am pleased to hear the other  side of the aisle talk about a unanimous vote. What we need is a  unanimous vote to support this bill. It is time. It is time.   