 Mr. Speaker, I rise today heartbroken, full of pain and  sadness for my district, my hometown of Sacramento.   Very early yesterday morning, I got an alert that there was a mass  shooting; and I wondered, ``Now where?'' Then I read the words:  Sacramento. This terrible violence has come home to my home in  Sacramento.   Sacramento experienced the deadliest mass shooting in the city's  history. Six members of our community were killed and 12 were sent to  local hospitals.   Our Sacramento community is hurting. This tragedy has touched every  single one of us, and I really deeply appreciate the outpouring of  support for the lives lost from all of you and across the Nation.   Sacramento is truly a special place. We deeply care for each other;  we work together; we are resilient; and we show compassion when our  neighbors are in pain. Our entire community has come together in the  wake of this tragedy to pray for the victims and their loved ones and  to support the efforts of our community responders and law enforcement  officers who are still hard at work.   As Sacramentans, we are still in the early hours and first day of our  grief. These were our neighbors, our friends, and our family members.  While we will never be able to fill the space of a lost loved one, we  can all reach out, embrace them, and make sure that the love they hold  for those lost endures in us all.   I want to name the ones we lost:   Sergio Harris, 38 years old;   Melinda Davis, 57 years old;   Yamile Martinez-Andrade, 21 years old;   Johntaya Alexander, 21 years old;   Devazia Turner, 29 years old; and   Joshua Hoye-Lucchesi, 32 years old.   Right now we are bound in grief and love, but also in our resolve to  do better. We cannot go on accepting that shootings like this are  inevitable. If we can prevent even one more tragedy like this, spare  other families and communities from feeling this pain, then we have to  come together and act. We cannot and will not be passive in the face of  such senseless violence.   I now ask my colleagues and all Americans to join me in a moment of  silence for the victims of this terrible tragedy, for their loved ones,  for those still fighting to recover, and for our entire Sacramento  community. Let us together mourn and pray for them during this  difficult time.   