 Madam President, I rise in support today of Mary  Boyle, the nominee to serve as Commissioner at the U.S. Consumer  Product Safety Commission.   Mary will bring to this role more than a decade of experience on the  Consumer Product Safety Commission, where she previously served as  general counsel and currently serves as the Executive Director. She is  deeply knowledgeable about consumer product safety and the functioning  of the CPSC. I have every confidence that she will be ready to lead on  day one.   But it is not just her professional background that makes her perfect  for this role. As a mom who raised three kids, she knows firsthand how  important it is for parents to be able to trust the products they use  every day. She understands the stakes and the devastating consequences  of unsafe products.   Just yesterday, the Commerce Committee took an important step forward  toward protecting kids and infants by passing the STURDY Act, which  will prevent harmful and ultimately heartbreaking furniture tip-overs.  Senators Casey and Blumenthal and I have been working on this for quite  a while. It resulted in the largest furniture recall ever in the  history of America with IKEA. But we need standards in place across the  board. I know that we can count on Mary to be another critical partner  in preventing unsafe products from hurting our kids.   Mary is clear-eyed about the responsibility of the CPSC. In her  words, it provides a safety net for the public, and in order to carry  out that crucial task, it needs a full roster of Commissioners.  Currently, four of the five slots are filled. To truly address pressing  product safety issues, we have to fill that fifth seat. We can't afford  to play politics here. This is about everything from the hazards posed  by crib bumper pads to the use of toxic chemicals in everyday consumer  products.   I got involved in this way, way back before I was a Senator, when we  had a young child swallow a charm that he got with a pair of tennis  shoes. It was a giveaway. He didn't die because he choked on that  charm; he died over a period of days because the lead in that charm,  which was from a foreign country, got into his system, and he died in  just a few days. That is how I got involved in the lead standards on  foreign toys, that is how I started working with the Consumer Product  Safety Commission, and that is when I saw the difference it can make.   We passed a bipartisan bill named after Jim Baker's granddaughter-- the Virginia Graeme Baker pool safety bill--after a young kid named  Abigail Taylor in Minnesota was in a kiddy swimming pool and her  intestines were ripped out just sitting in the pool because there were  so many faulty drains in this country.   I went and visited her in the hospital, and she said: I don't want  this to happen to any other kid.   She lived for a year, and during that time, we worked together.   Then Ted Stevens and I passed a much stronger pool safety bill. And I  know that the last time I heard testimony from the Consumer Product  Safety Commission, over a period of a decade, after we lost a number of  kids every year, not one kid had died because of a simple change to how  the pool drains worked. That is what the Consumer Product Safety  Commission can do at its best--make sure it doesn't happen to any other  kid again.   The American people are counting on us to get this right, and with  Mary, we have the opportunity to do just that.   As Mary said in her testimony, consumers need to be able to go about  their daily lives without worrying that products they interact with  every day--washing machines, cell phones, batteries, toys, and  treadmills, to name just a few--do not injure, maim, or kill them.  Throughout her impressive career, Mary Boyle has shown that she is  wholeheartedly dedicated to that mission.   I am voting in support of her, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, my  friend and colleague Senator Lee is well aware that I am supportive of  this bill. We worked together. I am a lead Democrat on this bill to get  it through the committee.   I simply believe that this bill must go hand in hand with another  bill that would look at this issue in a much bigger way; that, yes,  this is about allowing State attorneys general to do their jobs and  enforce the law, and that is why he and I have joined forces on this  bill. But it is also about putting some rules of the road in place on a  Federal basis.   We are very close to having a vote on Senator Grassley's and my bill,  with a broad range of authors and support, which would be the only and  first Federal competition response to tech monopolies since the advent  of the internet.   I have been watching this movie for way too long. We have hearings,  we throw popcorn at CEOs, we get sound bites on TV, but we don't do  anything on a Federal basis. We had the Facebook whistleblower come  forward, tell of the horror, the American people are with us, and we  dither and do nothing. This is actually the first time that we have a  coalition across the aisle of people who are ready to move forward on a  Federal response.   So my view of this is that, as we work to get our enforcers more  funds--that is a part of it; Senator Grassley and I have a merger fee  bill that is moving as part of the competition bill, which is currently  in conference committee--and as we work on Senator Lee's very worthy  legislation to focus on allowing the State attorneys general to keep  their cases in their own jurisdictions, we simply cannot pretend that  we don't have some role in this.   If Members don't know about it, maybe they have talked to one of the  2,700 lobbyists whom the tech companies have hired or maybe they have  been subject to the $70 million effort on the Federal level. And this  is not Senator Lee that I am talking about; he is a true maverick and  is willing to take on special interests. But what I believe is going on  in this building is that there are a lot of people trying to wait this  one out and hope we don't have a vote on this bill.   I appreciate Senator Schumer working with me and leadership on the  Democratic and Republican sides of the Judiciary Committee to make sure  that we get this vote.   So Senator Lee will have a vote on this bill. I would certainly not  concede at this moment giving tech something they want in this bill  when we can't even have a vote on the Federal legislation, but we will  have a vote on Senator Lee's bill. I just believe they have to go hand  in hand.   I think he is well aware of Senators doing all kinds of things  procedurally to be able to get votes, but I think it is really  important that we don't have a State-only approach when it comes to  what is going on with tech.   To again remind my colleagues and those watching this, what our  bill--this big, bipartisan, important bill--does, it doesn't tear apart  the company. It doesn't even take on the fact that they are all  monopolies--and they are monopolies. Google has a 90-percent market  share. Apple and Google basically, when it comes to app stores, are  duopolies in dominating the market.   While Europe is set to vote on their own digital market bill on  Monday and move this ahead--I was just speaking with them--while  Australia has taken on the issue of the news organizations, while Great  Britain is moving ahead, we sit back. It is time to at least take on  one issue.   As the Justice Department looks at what is a monopoly, is it a  monopoly when you have 90 percent market share? The very least we can  do is put some rules of the road in place.   What Senator Grassley's and my bill does--and we have taken several  comments from Members and made changes to that bill--what the bill  simply does is it says: Hey, monopolies or gatekeeper companies, if you  own your own companies--which they are increasingly doing--you can't  use your monopoly status to self-preference your own products in front  of other products.   No. 2, you can't copy nonpublic data that you have because of the  virtue of the fact that you are the gatekeeper and then rip it off and  make your own products. That is exactly what Amazon did, as the Wall  Street Journal reported, with a four-employee luggage organizer firm  when they gave them the data. The next thing you know, it shows up on  Amazon Basics.   The third thing you can't do is make companies, small businesses, buy  a bunch of stuff just to put yourself at the top of the platform.   The American people are with us on this, poll after poll, including a  poll that Google accidentally--accidentally--put out there before they  were able to pull it back that showed 68 percent of people want to use  the antitrust laws--68 percent of people in their own polling--to be  able to rein in this problem.   This is a uniquely American approach, but it must be done hand in  hand with State enforcement.   So, all I am asking my friend and colleague to do here--and we  wouldn't be here if we could have reached an agreement on this--is, I  will assure him that we will have a vote on his bill; but we must also  have a vote and finally move ahead on what is only a slice of what we  could be doing.   We are not doing some of the things I would want to do, which is look  back at some of these mergers, which is actually take that email that  Mark Zuckerberg wrote that said I'd rather ``buy than compete'' and  look at what they bought in their zest to be able to avoid competition.  Right now, that is going on with the Justice Department and the FTC.  But we are simply trying to set some rules of the road, and it is more  than overdue after an 8-month investigation in the House of  Representatives--an 8-month investigation.   What Federal bills have we passed that would put any checks and  balances on these companies? They just keep getting bigger and bigger  and bigger. And I am so pleased that some of the State attorneys  general are taking this on.   I am eager to get Senator Lee's bill and my bill up for a vote, but  it will come close to when the vote on the actual Federal rules takes  place. For these reasons, I object.    Again, I look forward to working with Senator Lee to  pass this bill, and I also look forward to passing a bill on the  Federal basis and not just deciding that this should be in the province  of 50 different States, and I thoroughly plan to work with him to pass  this bill, and I hope it will be soon.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I thank Senator Blunt for his  statement.   I join him in opposing this resolution.   As chair of the Rules Committee, with oversight of the Sergeant at  Arms who helps manage the Senate Page Program, I know, like Senator  Blunt does and everyone here does--I see Senator Leahy is here, the  Presiding Officer, and Senator Paul--how hard the dedicated pages, who  come from States across the country, work to help us do our jobs here  on the Senate floor. We are so excited when we have someone from our  States come and join us as a page. They are, too, as are their  families.   As we continue to reopen the Capitol, which I strongly support, we  must also take into account the health and safety of everyone who works  and visits here, including our pages. This resolution would reverse the  Page Program's--as Senator Blunt noted--current policy and prohibit any  requirement for pages to be vaccinated against COVID-19.   It would also prohibit requiring pages to undergo COVID testing or  wear a mask regardless of guidance from the Office of the Attending  Physician or the CDC. This includes reversing the policy that all pages  must wear a mask if one tests positive--a commonplace rule to protect  healthy pages, who all live in the same dormitory, which, I think, is  the defining part of this.   In light of recent events, we know that staff, Senators, as well as  pages, have tested positive in the past few weeks. In light of these  recent events, the Attending Physician, Dr. Monahan, has recommended  that all pages wear masks. I believe in science. I believe we should  listen to Dr. Monahan. Local public health officials have also decided,  by the way, to require vaccines for certain eligible students in  Washington, DC, including those attending our page school here in the  Senate.   I agree with Senator Blunt in that the Page Program needs flexibility  to set its own policies to protect the health and safety of pages. We  should not put these young people who have come here to work in the  heart of our democracy at risk unnecessarily.   We all know that the vaccine helps greatly if someone gets sick. I  know that because my husband got really sick before there was a  vaccine. He is healthy, and he ended up in the hospital for a week on  oxygen. That might shape my response here, but I believe that if he had  had the vaccine, we wouldn't have come that close to losing him.    I believe in science. And so I join Senator Blunt in this objection.  And we look forward to seeing these pages and many pages serve us well  in the coming years; therefore, I object.  [[Page S2476]]    Thank you.   I yield the floor.   