 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair of the Judiciary Committee  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am heartened that today we will vote to send this bill  to the President's desk to guarantee justice for victims of child sex  abuse.   Experts estimate that more than 85 percent of child sex abuse goes  unreported. Kids experiencing abuse face a variety of the barriers to  reporting. Often they don't know how to recognize abuse, they don't  know how to talk about their experiences, or they don't have a trusted  adult they can contact.   Even when survivors do report their abuse, their experiences often  fail to reach the people in the justice system who can stop the  predator. For all of these reasons, the process of disclosure of abuse  can take decades. The average age of reporting child sex abuse is 52  years old.   Tragically, statutes of limitations often prevent survivors who  disclose their abuse as adults from getting their day in court. But  justice systems are slowly beginning to understand how delayed  disclosure impacts access to justice.   In the past two decades, 48 States and Washington D.C., have amended  child sex abuse laws to expand or eliminate statutes of limitations.  Congress previously eliminated the Federal criminal statute of  limitations for child sex abuse and sex trafficking and slightly  lengthened the Federal civil statute of limitations.   However, this short extension of the civil statute of limitations  does not reflect current data on just how long most survivors delay  disclosure of their abuse.   All survivors deserve access to justice no matter how long it takes  them to talk about the trauma they have suffered.   Today, 1 in 5 girls and 1 in 13 boys experience sex abuse before  their 18th birthday. I have heard about far too many cases of child sex  abuse in my home State of North Carolina.   A case currently before the North Carolina Supreme Court involves the  wrestling team at a Gaston County high school where teenage athletes  were sexually abused by their coach.   While the coach was convicted and sentenced to decades in prison, the  athletes were initially unable to sue in civil court because of the  statute of limitations.   This case is currently before the North Carolina Supreme Court  because a three-judge panel ruled that the State law opening a window  for adult survivors of sexual abuse was unconstitutional.    We cannot provide effective remedies to survivors while the Federal  civil statute of limitations remains in place.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Representative Swalwell,  Representative Salazar, and Representative Reschenthaler for leading  this effort with me in the House, as well as Senator Durbin and Senator  Blackburn for leading this bill in the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill.   