 Mr. President, in the months since the conservative  majority on the Supreme Court struck down Roe v. Wade, the assault on  reproductive rights by anti-choice, MAGA Republicans has been  relentless.   Anti-choice States across the country have already enacted strict and  rigid abortion bans that strip our rights away, threaten to jail women  and their doctors, and put women's  [[Page S4882]]  health at risk. And just as we have always known, this threat is not  just at the State level.   Last week, legislation was introduced in this very Chamber that would  enact a national abortion ban, one that would strip women of the  fundamental right to control their own bodies. This abortion ban--and  that is exactly what it is, a nationwide abortion ban--poses a real and  serious threat to the rights of women across this country. This is a  dangerous nationwide government mandate that would threaten women and  their doctors--threaten them--with jail time, including those in my  State of Nevada.   Pro-choice States like Nevada, where the people voted overwhelmingly  to protect reproductive freedoms as part of State law, would be  forced--forced--to abide by this Federal mandate. Because Federal law  supersedes State law, this legislation would override the will of  Nevadans and the freedom--the freedom--that they have had for decades.   If anti-choice Republicans in Congress have their way and their  national abortion ban passes--listen to this--then Nevada's doctors  could be prosecuted; Nevada's women could be jailed; and Nevada's women  could die as a result of a lack of access to care.   So let's be clear. The only thing standing in the way of their  national abortion ban is the pro-choice majority in the U.S. Senate,  and I will do everything I can to fight this legislation threatening  our reproductive rights not just in Nevada but across the country.   That is why I helped to introduce the Let Doctors Provide  Reproductive Health Care Act, along with Senators Murray, Padilla, and  the Acting President pro tempore, Senator Lujan, to protect doctors in  States like Nevada, where abortion remains legal and protects women  from facing prosecution and potentially jail by anti-choice States. No  doctor--let me repeat this. No doctor should ever be jailed for  providing women with the reproductive and often lifesaving care they  need wherever these women are from. No doctor should ever be jailed for  providing care.   Anti-choice Republicans in the Senate have blocked these efforts in  the past as they have continued to push for dangerous bans.   Today--today--we have another opportunity to protect doctors and  their patients by passing this legislation--without obstruction or  delay--because let's be clear: We will not--we will not--give up. We  will not allow a national abortion ban to pass the Senate. We will not  allow doctors to face prosecution for doing their jobs. We must--we  must--protect a woman's right to choose and continue fighting against  this ban every step of the way.   I yield the floor.   