 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this omnibus  spending bill for fiscal year 2023. As Chair of the Subcommittee on  State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, I thank Chair DeLauro,  my fellow Cardinals and the Speaker for their tireless work to get this  bill to the floor.   I also want to thank my talented and hard-working subcommittee staff  that put this bill together--Clelia Alvarado, Craig Higgins, Jean Kwon,  Marin Stein, Jonathan Stivers, Jason Wheelock--and my Clerk, Erin  Kolodjeski.   This bill strengthens global partnerships, bolsters public health,  fights the climate crisis, supports displaced and vulnerable people,  promotes democracy, and brings us closer to achieving the UN  Sustainable Development Goals by 2030. These critical investments in  the people and programs of our foreign affairs agencies deserve all of  our support.   In total, the bill provides $59.7 billion in funding for State  Department, USAID, and related programs--an increase of $3.6 billion  above fiscal year 2022.   In addition, the legislation includes $16.6 billion in emergency  humanitarian, economic, and security assistance for Ukraine, countries  affected by the situation in Ukraine, and other assistance to  vulnerable populations and communities.   This bill also contains crucial investments to help the world  confront the climate crisis. As a country responsible for a huge  portion of global emissions, we have a moral obligation to support  developing countries impacted by climate change and I will continue to  fight for more resources for those feeling the greatest impacts.   This bill funds the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief,  PEPFAR, at its highest levels on record, including fulfilling the $2  billion pledge for the Global Fund. As we approach the 20th anniversary  of PEPFAR, this investment gets us closer to the goal of an AIDS free  generation by 2030.   The funds included in this bill support the commitments made by the  Biden-Harris Administration during June's Summit of the Americas and  last week's Africa Leaders Summit, cementing these partnerships for the  next decade. I am especially pleased that this bill provides  unprecedented support to our closest neighbors in the Caribbean,  including in the areas of security, economic growth, and climate  resiliency.   At a time when reproductive rights have been stripped from millions,  supporting gender equity could not be more important. This bill  advances gender equity and equality by increasing funding for programs  that support women and girls. However, I am deeply disappointed that  this bill does not provide the resources women around the world need to  make decisions about their bodies and families. This is unjust and  affects women, their families, and communities negatively.   Overall, this bill represents a major step forward in diversity,  equity, and justice across the globe. I thank my colleagues, and I urge  us all to support this bill.   