 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment is very simple. It gives a preference to  defense contractors who will remain neutral in union organizing. I say  neutral--not pro and not con. Contractors who commit to remain neutral  in organizing campaigns commit to not breaking strikes, and it gives  preferences also to those who would have a union bargaining agreement.  These are not requirements. These are preferences, the kind of  preferences that we have for small businesses and that we have for  veterans and a number of other preferences that are given.   Now, let's understand that we are talking about $422 billion in  contracts that are given to businesses. By the way, small businesses  also have a preference out of a $778 billion defense act. So these are  big taxpayer expenditures that we are talking about.  [[Page H6231]]    It seems to me given that we want to make sure that workers are also  acknowledged that we say that it would be a good thing if we don't have  companies like Amazon, for example, that get a lot of money in defense  contracts and spend a lot of money trying to make sure that workers  cannot bargain collectively. So let's give preferences to those who  actually do acknowledge workers. That is the only idea of this  amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi) in support of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Norcross).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that this has  nothing to do with stifling the rights of companies to communicate. It  does prevent them from harassing workers and preventing them from doing  what they need to do. I just want to point out that there are companies  that include UPS, Levi Strauss, AT&T, Verizon, and, most recently,  Microsoft, that have these agreements.   Big companies do it. They can do it.   Let's protect workers and the rights of the companies as well. We can  do both.   