 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone for all the work  he has done. I know he has a big API community in his district, so we  appreciate his attention to these issues.    I am very proud to rise in support of my bipartisan bill, the South  Asian Heart Health Awareness and Research Act, and I thank my colleague  from the other side of the aisle, Representative   Joe Wilson, as well  as several other Republicans who have cosponsored this bill and for  leading on this issue with me.   Every 38 seconds, a person in the United States dies from  cardiovascular disease. It is the leading cause of death, regardless of  gender, for most racial and ethnic groups in America. But within those  groups, South Asian Americans have the highest death rate from heart  disease nationwide.   Now, one of the things I love about Congress is that when we have  representation of various diverse communities, we are able to bring up  issues that our constituents raise to us or that we feel very  viscerally. I first introduced this bill in 2017 after the mother of  Ven Neralla, my then-legislative director and who is still a staff  member here in Congress, tragically died suddenly of heart disease. As  we started researching the issue what we learned is that South Asian  Americans are four times more likely to develop heart disease than the  general population.   As the first South Asian-American woman in the House of  Representatives, I am aware of the barriers that our communities  experience to address this epidemic. Much of our knowledge about the  risks within this community is actually thanks to relatively new  research and personal experience. We just don't exhibit the typical  risk factors for heart disease, which hinders early diagnosis and  prevention measures, not only within our own community but within the  broader group of people who have heart disease.   So while my bill does focus on the South Asian community, it benefits  all Americans, and it is careful in the bill--in working through  language with Republicans last year and in this Congress--to make sure  that we have that multipronged approach. It is even more important as  we continue to grapple with the lasting impacts of COVID-19. The  American Heart Association says that heart disease will likely continue  to kill more Americans than any other cause as `` . . . the influence  of COVID-19 will directly and indirectly impact rates of cardiovascular  disease prevalence and deaths for years to come. . . .''   Ven's mom would have turned 80 this year. His family is just one of  millions who have lost a loved one because of heart disease. But her  death will not be in vain. This bill will help prevent other families  from undergoing this same tragedy. By passing this bill, not only will  we prevent deaths within the South Asian community, but we will also  increase awareness and understanding of cardiovascular disease that  [[Page H7187]]  will benefit the health and well-being of every American.   Again, I am grateful to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  who understand the importance of this bill and have really stepped up  to help me pass this legislation on the floor today.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on passing this  bill and saving lives.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of Representatives  Sherrill's amendment to study the relationship between COVID-19 and  rates of morbidity and mortality due to heart disease.   And while it is true the gentleman is correct, that there is research  out there, the reality is also that there needs to be more, and that  the studies that are out there right now prove some elements, but not  the entire causal relationship.   In a large study of COVID-19 survivors conducted by the VA,  researchers found increased frequency of abnormal heart rhythms, heart  muscle inflammation, blood clots, strokes, heart attacks, and heart  failure in patients who had COVID-19. The cardiac effects of COVID-19,  however, are extremely widespread, and not broadly understood.  [[Page H7189]]    I am just going to say, I also have personal experience with this.  After my husband contracted COVID-19 from me, after I got it when some  colleagues on the other side of the aisle did not want to wear masks on  January 6 in the safe room, he, unfortunately had a series of heart  attacks and had to have a series of heart operations last year.   Every single doctor said to us, we need more research on exactly what  the causal relationship is. And this is the reality of where we are  today; and I think that this amendment by Representative Sherrill is a  very good addition to the bill.   