 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for his continued, strong,  unwavering leadership on behalf of our veterans.   I am proud to represent a district that is home to a strong and  growing veteran community, and proud to represent Fort Bliss in  Congress, where thousands of our servicemembers transition to civilian  life.   One of my top priorities in Congress has been to protect our veterans  and their families in the same way they have served and defended our  country. Today, I am honored to stand in support of this critical  legislation for our Nation's veterans and to present my amendment.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4673, the Ensuring Veterans' Smooth Transition Act,  provides automatic enrollment in the VA for all transitioning  servicemembers. This bill is vital in that it expedites  [[Page H267]]  the use of healthcare benefits that veterans have already earned. My  amendment seeks to ensure that servicemembers who were discharged up to  90 days before the enactment of this legislation can also reap its  benefits.   Servicemembers transitioning to civilian life already face a  multitude of hurdles, from adjusting to everyday life, dealing with  unemployment issues, housing and security, and poor mental and physical  health, among other things.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans deserve that we eliminate these and any  other barriers. Thousands of veterans leave the service without knowing  about the VA, whether they are eligible, and what benefits they are  entitled to receive.   Veterans who returned to civilian life during the pandemic faced even  more challenges to access and overall engagement with the VA due to  closures and the VA's limited operational capacity at the height of the  pandemic. We cannot leave these veterans behind.   Already, more than half of eligible veterans don't use VA health  benefits, many of which are due to confusion on eligibility and  benefits and lack of access to information. The pandemic only  exacerbated this. Our withdrawal from Afghanistan this past year  similarly impacted millions of veterans who now need that care more  than ever.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment is not adding any new entitlements. It is  simply extending them to those who are equally in need. With my  amendment to this bill, we can ensure that newly transitioned veterans  do not miss the opportunity to access VA benefits they deserve and are  entitled to.   As our chairman has said, when it comes to supporting our veterans,  the true heroes of our country, there is always more work to be done.  This bill is truly transformative and assures future cohorts of  veterans receive the expeditious access to the healthcare they need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment. I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   