 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendments to the FY 2023 National Defense Authorization Act that will  help save lives and promote the health and well-being of those who are  serving or have served our country.   The CDC estimates that nearly 264,000 women are diagnosed with breast  cancer each year and as many as 1 in 8 women will live with this  disease at some point in their life. The American Cancer Society  predicts that 43,250 women will lose their lives to breast cancer in  2022.   My colleagues must also understand that the plight of breast cancer  is not an equitable one. Black women are more likely to die of breast  cancer. In my home state of Wisconsin, black women with breast cancer  have a mortality rate of 56 percent, far outpacing the death rate for  white women according to the Wisconsin Department of Health Services.   While treatment for this disease has evolved drastically, access to a  conclusive, accurate, early, and expedient diagnosis remains  challenging.   Mammograms are a basic screening tool to help try and detect breast  cancer as soon as possible. However, for women with dense breasts,  mammograms alone may not be sufficient to help identify breast cancer  as dense breasts can make mammograms harder to accurately read. As a  result, women with dense breasts may be called back for additional  follow-up tests more frequently than others and dense breasts can also  put women at higher risk of being diagnosed with cancer within 12  months of a normal mammogram result.   According to the National Cancer Institute (NCI), nearly 50 percent  of women over 40 who get mammograms have dense breasts and live with an  increased chance of developing breast cancer, a risk that is separate  from the effect of dense breasts on the ability to read a mammogram.   For individuals with dense breasts for whom additional testing may be  needed to confirm breast cancer, even with insurance they may face  additional costs for these potentially life-saving diagnostic  screenings.   My amendment directs the GAO to examine current health policies at  the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs to ensure that those  with dense breasts can access additional cancer screenings without  facing burdensome financial barriers. Cumulatively, the Departments of  Defense and Veterans Affairs provide healthcare to over 18 million  American service members and veterans. My amendment would require GAO  to examine whether existing VA and DOD programs provide beneficiaries  with low-cost screenings and diagnostic tools needed to confirm breast  cancer, especially when standard mammograms are inconclusive or  ineffective. Additionally, GAO will be required to examine and provide  recommendations on how each agency can improve their policies to  address the unique challenges of identifying breast cancer in those  with dense breasts.   We must do all we can to ensure that our veterans and active-duty  personnel receive the highest quality care available. We can accomplish  this by evaluating current policies and developing new ones that  prioritize the health of those who serve or have served our country.  While there is no cure for this disease, we can certainly do more to  improve access to screening and treatment.   Additionally, I have offered an amendment that would require the  Secretary of Defense to ensure that TRICARE includes programs and  [[Page H6340]]  policies to promote universal education on healthy relationships and  intimate partner violence.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC),  around 1 in 4 women have experienced sexual violence, physical  violence, or stalking by an intimate partner during their lifetime.  Sadly, it can occur in every community, including our military  community, to both men and women regardless of age, economic status,  race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or other  characteristics.   The amendment would require TRICARE to provide guidance to healthcare  providers, health workers, and managed care entities to help educate  and to establish routine assessment and screenings for signs of  intimate partner violence.   I thank the Chairman for his support of my amendments.   