 Mr. President, and, hey, folks, did you hear about the  attempt to steal an election? Maybe you heard this about a year ago or  so, big attempt to steal an election, just last year. We had Washington  insiders colluding to overturn the will of the people in a fair and  free election.   Yes, you heard it right, an attempt to steal an election, but it is  probably not the election that you are thinking about. Speaker of the  House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi attempted to steal a seat in the  House. Iowa's Second District Congresswoman won her election in 2020  and was certified by Iowa's secretary of state, 24 county auditors of  both parties, and the bipartisan State Board of canvassers.   And she is here with me today, Representative Mariannette Miller- Meeks. I thank the Representative for being here today.   In a blatant political power grab, the Speaker of the House spent  over $600,000 of taxpayer money in an attempt to unseat the duly- elected Congresswoman Miller-Meeks. Even some reasonable Members of the  Democratic Party sounded the alarm bell on this brazen attempt to  reverse the election results. Representative Dean Phillips said at the  time: ``Losing a House election by six''--yes, by six--``votes is  painful for Democrats, but overturning it in the House would be even  more painful for America.''   Voters in Iowa and across America should choose their representatives  without interference from politicians in Washington. Guaranteeing both  the right to vote as well as the integrity of our election system  ensures fair and free elections which are the foundation of our  Republic.   The attempt to overturn the Iowa election results was the opening  salvo in the left's ongoing rush to take over elections. Democrats'  proposals are seeking to limit voter ID, legalize ballot harvesting,  provide taxpayer money to campaigns, and weaponize the Federal Election  Commission. Using fake hysteria, they are trying to blow up the Senate  and fundamentally change our country. However, their very effort is  unpopular, unnecessary, and unacceptable.   I served as a local county auditor and commissioner of elections. My  home State has seen various commonsense election reforms throughout the  years. In fact, in 2017, the Iowa Legislature modernized our laws,  which also included requiring voter ID.   At the time of its passage, Democrats warned the law was dangerous  and an unnecessary hurdle and a significant barrier for anyone who was  not a White male. They could not have been further from the truth.  Three times since the new Iowa voter law was implemented, the State has  seen record high turnout for elections, record high turnout--huge voter  participation.   This includes record high absentee voting during the 2020  Presidential election. The 2021 elections also boasted record off-year  turnout. My friends on the other side of the aisle will have you  believe that voters are being suppressed in red States all over this  country.   The irony here is that New York, home of the Democratic leader, and  Delaware, home of President Biden, have some of the most restrictive  voting laws in the entire country. And Iowa, because it has modernized  our elections in the course of the number of past years, has been  demonized by Democrats when, oddly enough, Iowa's election laws are  much more progressive than Delaware and New York.   Just this past November, New Yorkers overwhelmingly voted down a  ballot initiative to allow no-excuse absentee voting. New York voters  also rejected a proposition that would have allowed individuals to  register to vote and cast a ballot on election day.   By the way, Iowa has same-day voter registration, thank you.   Now, the senior Senator from New York is threatening to destroy the  Senate to override the wishes of the residents of his very own State  who voted against the policies he is trying to impose on every other  State. Does that sound like democracy to you? It is not.    While the media will have you believe that Senate Republicans are  blocking the Democratic leader's agenda, it is really the voters of his  own State. Liberal States have some of the most restrictive election  laws in the country--and don't take my word for it.   An expose recently published in The Atlantic found some States that  the Democrats control in the northeast make casting a ballot more  difficult than anywhere else and that the voting bill being pushed in  Congress would hit some blue States just as hard, if not harder--now,  that is The Atlantic--than the red States they claim are limiting the  right to vote. And I will remind you Iowa is much more progressive than  these States.   Plain and simple, Washington Democrats are gaslighting the American  people. There is not a voting crisis in this country. It is  manufactured. Their push to blow up the Senate and take over elections  isn't about voter access, it is about power, the same power that  liberal elites in Washington abused in their rush to steal Iowa's  Second Congressional District--now held by Congresswoman Miller-Meeks-- and silence Iowans' voices.   What was attempted in Iowa should never be allowed to happen anywhere  ever again.   I yield the floor.   