 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 5276 and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, my daughter Abigail, my oldest  daughter, just turned 8. She is silly and smart and gives the best hugs  you could ever imagine. She has big dreams, and if you have ever met  her, you just know that she will reach them. She has decided that one  day she is going to become an engineer or an Army nurse. She wants to  build things, and she wants to help people. That is it.   My younger daughter, Maile Pearl, is 4\1/2\, with just about the most  contagious laugh I have ever heard.   My girls are my everything, and for them, I would do anything, but  Abigail and Maile might never have been born if it were not for the  basic reproductive rights Americans have been depending on for nearly  half a century. I might never have had my beautiful, incredible, drive- me-crazy, yet-I-love-them-infinitely girls if Roe v. Wade had not paved  the way for women to make their own healthcare decisions, as I was only  able to get pregnant through IVF, in vitro fertilization.   Because of IVF, I get to experience all the joys and chaos of  motherhood. Because of IVF, my husband and I aren't just ``Tammy and  Bryan''; we are ``Mommy and Daddy.'' Because of IVF, we are a family,  and my heart is whole.   Tragically, that future--that family, that fervently hoped-for  dream--is now in danger for millions of would-be parents across the  country, as the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe has  Republicans plotting to push forward new policy that would go even  further toward controlling women's bodies, including plans that could  effectively ban fertility treatments like IVF.   We know that because they told us, because they said the quiet part  out loud. One anti-choice group even admitted to GOP legislators that  they would consider figuring out how to go after IVF treatments ``next  year, 2 years from now, 3 years from now.''   If you are thinking that this makes no sense, you are right. You are  not misunderstanding anything. You are not missing something. It is the  ultimate nightmarish blend of hypocrisy and misogyny that you think it  is.   The very people who claim to be defending family values are actively  shouldering policies that would prevent millions of Americans from  starting families.   In the most extreme version, they are pushing the kind of so-called  personhood bills that paint women undergoing IVF as criminals and our  doctors as killers, even as we are trying everything we can to create  life.   The thing is, they craft this kind of policy carefully, tactically.  They are strategic about every word they use, about every comma they  place, winking to their political base all the while.   Their so-called personhood bills don't necessarily say: Guess what,  big news. We are going to ban IVF, full stop. What they say is: Hey,  we're not completely, totally, fully opposed to IVF, per se. But we  definitely won't let you implant multiple fertilized eggs at once. They  say: You can have this expensive, intensive procedure still, but you  can only implant one embryo at a time--a cruelly clever way of  effectively preventing people from trying IVF without actually spelling  it out verbatim.   The process relies on implanting multiple embryos at once to give  women the best shot of becoming pregnant and carrying a child to term.  So implanting only one per round would be prohibitively expensive, not  to mention emotionally devastating for so many.   Personhood: This policy could also ban dilation and curettage, or  D&C,  [[Page S7817]]  after an incredibly short time, sometimes at just 6 weeks. D&C is the  medical procedure necessary to safely remove an unviable embryo and  lining of the uterus so women can eventually try again to get pregnant.   So what happens if a woman miscarries after that 6-week mark? What  happens to women like me who miscarried at 9 weeks? If that kind of  policy had been in place in that horrible, most searingly painful  moment in my life when I learned that my pregnancy wasn't viable, I  would have been kept from the medical care I desperately needed--care  that allowed me to undergo another round of IVF after that D&C  procedure was completed, care that allowed me eventually to get  pregnant with my rainbow daughter, Maile.   Over the past 6 years that I have served in the Senate, I have gotten  to know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle quite  well. Today, I come to the floor to ask those Republican colleagues a  simple question: Think back to that stretch of time before you became a  parent. Imagine that the only way you or your partner could get  pregnant was through IVF. Then imagine that some politicians deciding  that appealing to the most fringe subset of their base was worth  robbing you of your dream of having a child, was worth stealing that  moment we all had when we locked eyes with our newborns for the first  time. How would that feel? How would that sit with you?   If it so happens that you didn't struggle with infertility, that you  didn't need a little medical help to have your child, then I am happy  for you, truly. I can't tell you how fortunate you are. But if through  sheer luck you won that proverbial lottery, how could you then stomach  spending your time robbing other Americans, your own constituents, of  the joy you have been lucky enough to experience?   No. No. No. No.   In this scary, precarious post-Dobbs world, we cannot risk one more  State getting one inch closer to stripping one more person of the right  to build their family, how they choose, when they choose.   That is why today, I ask my colleagues to pass with unanimous consent  my Right to Build Families Act, which would ensure that every  American's fundamental right to become a parent via IVF is actually,  truly protected, regardless of a person's ZIP Code.   My bill would keep States from banning assisted reproductive  technology--known as ART--including IVF. It would protect healthcare  providers who provide ART or related counseling and would allow the  Department of Justice to pursue civil action against States that  violate this legislation because no one should feel that someone else's  religious beliefs or partisan slants could rob her of her chance to get  pregnant, and no doctor should have to risk becoming a criminal in  their State's eyes just for providing women the healthcare they need to  start families.   Let's be very clear. If you believe in basic logic, then you know  that there is no chance that these kinds of extremist Republicans have  any right to call themselves pro-life.   If they were pro-life, they would do something about the number of  first graders murdered in their classrooms by military-style assault  weapons every year.   If they were pro-life, they would spend even an ounce of energy  trying to staunch the maternal mortality crisis that has killed a  tragic number of Black and Brown women.   If they cared about protecting life on this planet, they would do  something about our planet dying. They would stop stripping basic  healthcare from single parents working double shifts. They would stop  trying to rip Social Security away from grandma and grandpa. If they  cared about fostering life maybe--I don't know, maybe, just maybe--they  wouldn't try to stop women like me from creating it. They wouldn't  throw around words like manslaughter, when all we want is to become  mothers.   Look, there are lots of really complicated, nuanced issues that we  debate in this Chamber. This just isn't one of them.   One in four women married to men have difficulty getting pregnant or  carrying a pregnancy to term, a stat that doesn't include the LGBTQ+  couples or partnerless Americans who also need the help of ART to grow  families.   One in four--that is one in four blue States, one in four red States,  battleground States, one in four of the biggest cities and the smallest  of rural towns, one in four of the wealthiest and the poorest ZIP  Codes.   Infertility doesn't discriminate. It doesn't distinguish. It doesn't  see party lines or State lines.   So to my Republican colleagues, please: Think about how many women  that 25 percent equates to be in your State, women willing to go  through expensive, painful medical procedures just for a chance to  experience the smallest, most banal moments of parenthood, just to have  a newborn to swaddle, a toddler whose shoes to tie, a baby whose diaper  to change.   Think about these constituents of yours. If you believe that they  have the right to be called ``Mom'' without also being painted as a  criminal, then all you have to do to prove it is to help me defend this  most basic right. It is that simple. It is that easy.   I yield the floor.   