 Madam Speaker, in today's economy, signing up for digital  services often requires us to agree to lengthy terms and conditions  that many users likely ignore and then  [[Page H3797]]  unknowingly sign away certain rights such as filing a lawsuit or  joining a class action. The Forced Arbitration Injustice Repeal (FAIR)  Act addresses this rampant abuse of our legal system by banning  mandatory pre-dispute arbitration clauses in employment, consumer, and  civil rights cases.   These forced arbitration clauses are increasingly found in consumer  contracts, requiring users to waive their right to sue in a court of  law and instead resolve any disputes through arbitration. Because  arbitration is secretive, lacks important due process protections, and  produces decisions that cannot be appealed, it too often shields bad  actors from accountability and prevents consumers from enforcing their  rights in our justice system.   Many consumer contracts that include forced arbitration clauses  empower companies to collect unseemly amounts of data from their users  and abuse that data for profit. The problem is acute in highly  concentrated industries where corporations wield significant market  power because consumers often have little or no alternative to these  anti-consumers contracts. This model of what's been labeled  ``surveillance capitalism'' is bolstered by forced arbitration clauses  that ensure the most egregious abuses of consumer data cannot be  challenged in court. My legislation to protect consumer privacy, the  Online Privacy Act, bars the use of forced arbitration clauses in user  agreements about privacy for this reason.   No one should be required to sign away their right to access our  justice system when they sign up for a credit card, cell phone plan, or  social media account. The FAIR Act is critical legislation to protect  the rights of consumers, particularly regarding online privacy. I'm  proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation, and l urge my  colleagues to vote for it.   