 Madam President, I rise today to speak on behalf of  American women, our fundamental rights, and our freedom to make our own  healthcare decisions.   It is shocking that in this day and age that we have to actually  stand up and fight for something as basic as making our own  reproductive health decisions, not a bunch of politicians, not a bunch  of judges but women making our own healthcare decisions.   Thanks to a radically conservative Supreme Court that we now have,  reproductive freedom is no longer a constitutional right in the United  States of America--no longer a constitutional right in the United  States of America after 50 years.   Today's daughters and granddaughters have fewer freedoms than their  grandmothers did, and, for the record, we are furious. Want to know  just how furious? Well, in Michigan, our State could soon revert back  to a 1931 law that makes abortion at any stage a felony--no exceptions  for rape or incest; putting people in jail, potentially; women going to  jail; doctors going to jail. Who knows how far this would go?   Well, the people of Michigan aren't going to stand for that, and a  group called Reproductive Freedom for All has gotten to work. These  passionate advocates and volunteers from all across Michigan--west  side, east side, up north, down south in Michigan--have collected more  than 750,000 signatures to put reproductive freedom on the ballot for  Michigan women this November.   It is the most signatures ever collected for a ballot measure in  Michigan, twice as many as is actually needed to put the ballot  proposal on the November ballot--the most ever. Madam President,  750,000 people have come forward to sign petitions to give them the  right to vote, to protect their reproductive freedoms. So our freedoms  are on the ballot in November.   Now, we also know that we have to continue to do everything we can  right now, both at the State level and the Federal level, because  waiting isn't an option. Women's lives and people's livelihoods are on  the line today, and it has revealed a stark contrast when we look at  the actions that are being taken or not taken.   Democrats are standing with women to protect our reproductive  freedoms. As of June 1, Democrats in five States have already enacted  laws--new laws--protecting access to legal abortion, and 62 pieces of  legislation have been introduced in 17 States across America to protect  reproductive freedom. Vermont, California, and Arizona have joined  Michigan in pursuing ballot initiatives to enshrine reproductive  freedom in their State constitutions.   So men and women will have the opportunity there, the freedom to vote  to protect their reproductive freedoms. Democratic Governors have  issued executive orders and taken other actions to protect access to  reproductive healthcare. The Biden administration signed an Executive  order directing Agencies to protect access to medical care and is  providing legal support to patients and healthcare providers.   Meanwhile, Republicans are doing everything they can--everything they  can--to stand in the way of women who are simply trying to access basic  healthcare--basic healthcare, what is best for them, with their own  faith, their own family, the counsel of their doctors, the capacity for  women to make their own decisions, again, not a bunch of politicians,  not a bunch of judges. It is the United States of America. This is not  about what decisions are made; it is about who makes them: the  government or women.   Now, Republicans are saying the government at every level. Fifteen  States have already banned abortion, and several more are expected to  follow soon. A clinic in Cleveland, OH, a State where care has been  severely restricted, is now sending its patients to Detroit.    These women have to drive 2\1/2\ hours, at least, to receive basic  healthcare. And now some people want to take away their car keys. And  to be clear, Republicans--Republican elected officials--want to take  away their car keys.   Republican lawmakers in some States are pursuing legislation to  prevent people from traveling to another State to receive reproductive  healthcare. In America, people are being banned from driving to another  State to be able to get the healthcare that they need, oftentimes, in  very serious emergency situations, tragedies.   Think about that for a moment. Republicans, who fancy themselves the  party of freedom, are trying to pass laws that would prevent an Ohio  woman from driving to Michigan for healthcare in America.   The Freedom to Travel for Healthcare Act introduced by my friend  Senator Cortez Masto would have protected that right. It would protect  that right, and last week we tried to pass it.   Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues have blocked it, but we will  keep trying. We will keep doing everything we can to get enough people  who are pro-choice, who respect privacy, respect women in this Chamber  to be able to make that happen.   So, this week, we are trying a different approach to protect people's  reproductive freedom. Senator Smith and Senator Murray have introduced  legislation that I am pleased to cosponsor as well. It would provide  $550 million a year in permanent funding for title X family planning  programs.   Now, let me remind everyone that title X funding can't be used to  provide abortion. This is about basic healthcare, yearly Pap smears,  OB/GYN visits, and the capacity to work with a clinic to get the basic  care that you need and the basic birth control that you need.   It prevents unplanned pregnancies in the first place by providing  affordable birth control and other reproductive healthcare to people  who need it. We should all be able to come together. Given my  colleagues across the aisle and how passionate they are about  preventing abortions, I expect that they will eagerly support this  commonsense bill when, in the next couple of days, a motion is made to  pass it.   Birth control is basic healthcare. We shouldn't need to be here  defending something that nearly 90 percent of American women use at  some point in their lives. But we saw what happened to Roe, and we have  since seen how eager Republicans at all levels are to constrain  reproductive freedom. So here we are.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation coming before us  this week. Democrats are standing with women. We respect women. We  understand that women need to make their own decisions, and Democrats  understand that this is about freedom--the freedom to decide for  ourselves, in whatever circumstance that we are in, whatever tragedy,  whatever is happening that women need to be able to make our own basic  healthcare decisions and not have the government coming in to regulate  what is happening for women.   So it is time for Republicans to join us on this legislation, basic  legislation on title X that will ensure that there is support for basic  reproductive healthcare. Again, we are talking about annual visits. We  are talking about OB/GYN visits for women. We are talking about basic  birth control. I certainly hope that my Republican colleagues are not  going to say no to basic healthcare, reproductive healthcare for women.   I hope Republican colleagues will join us.   I yield the floor.   