 Reserving the right to object, I would like to begin  my brief comments here this evening by acknowledging the Senator from  New Mexico and agreeing so much with him on this very, very important  issue as we seek to protect objects of patrimony, whether in New Mexico  or in my State of Alaska or in the home State of the chairman of the  Indian Affairs Committee. It has been a travesty and it has been a  crime that we have seen many of these objects that have been taken as  art collections, that have been taken with no appreciation of the  heritage, of the richness, of the tradition, and the respect to the  Native people to whom they belong.   And so the STOP Act, or the Safeguard Tribal Objects of Patrimony Act  of 2021, is significant. I am proud to be the lead Republican  cosponsor, along with Senator Heinrich, on this. It is an issue that  many in my State have been urging action on.   So I do not rise this evening to object to passage of the STOP Act,  but at the same time I am acknowledging the significance of this, I  also want to raise another bill that is also very important to my  State, H.R. 441. We call it the Don Young Alaska Native Health Care  Land Transfers Act.   This is something that I have been working on for several Congresses  now, with my friend the late Congressman Young. We took three land  transfer bills. We consolidated them into one. We thought it was a  pretty simple effort. All we are asking to do is to convey IHS land to  two of our Alaska Native Tribal health consortia, as well as the Tanana  Tribe in the interior part of the State.   We passed stand-alone legislation on these three IHS bills earlier  this Congress, but instead of passing that legislation, the House did  what the House often does. They amended it with technical amendments.  They sent it back here as one consolidated bill. That is H.R. 441.   But, again, it is about public health, delivery of healthcare to  Alaska Native people in rural and underserved villages, many of which  are off the road system. But these simple land transfers would enable  construction projects to move forward, to reconstruct and to construct,  in some cases, new healthcare facilities to provide care to Alaska  Native people, and to also ramp up the delivery of clean, safe drinking  water and sanitation facilities in rural villages, which are so key to  improving public health.   I think we all would agree that basic services such as water  sanitation are pretty important--so everything we can do to help  facilitate that. I have pushed the urgent button on these land  conveyance issues because time is running out. Construction seasons are  very, very limited in Alaska, and so I have been trying to help  facilitate that.   I have good commitments from my colleagues who are here on the floor  this evening to help us move through this process on our side, or  certainly on the House side as well, so that we can see final  resolution on the Don Young Alaska Native Health Care Land Transfers  Act, and I look forward to working with them on that. And so having  said this, I will not object to unanimous consent to advance the STOP  Act this evening.   