 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the America  COMPETES Act.   Our country is home to some of the most cutting edge research,  innovative discoveries, and unparalleled national laboratories in the  world.   Unfortunately, in some ways, we have fallen behind competitors during  the past several decades, but with this legislation, we will strengthen  our enterprise, bolster research and development, grow our domestic  semiconductor manufacturing base, and make sure critical supply chains  are based in the U.S.   This legislation includes a provision similar to my Regional Clean  Energy Innovation Act to help cutting-edge technologies achieve  commercialization by leveraging regional clean energy capabilities and  markets.   As co-chair of the House Apprenticeship Caucus, I am thrilled that  the America COMPETES Act includes not only the National Apprenticeship  Act but also my PARTNERS Act, which will promote workforce training and  help more people access good-paying jobs.   I am very grateful to Chair Johnson for her leadership on this bill  and for Chair McGovern for making in order six of my amendments. If  incorporated, they will help address climate change, improve workforce  development, and enhance STEM education. In particular, the Blue Carbon  for our Planet Act, BLUE GLOBE Act, and COAST Research Act will  strengthen coastal acidification research and monitoring, expand  efforts to map and conserve blue carbon ecosystems, and enhance ocean  data collection.   And my bipartisan BUILDS Act, which provides grants for  infrastructure industry partnerships, will play a pivotal role in  helping workers get the skills they need to fill the jobs created by  the bipartisan infrastructure law.   And my amendment with Mr. Langevin to enhance NSF's Mathematics and  Science Education Partnership program will support innovative research  and provide professional development for educators on how to boost  creativity in STEM by integrating the arts.   The America COMPETES Act will reinvigorate America's research  enterprise and restore its competitive edge. I strongly urge my  colleagues to support this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Johnson for yielding me the time.    Madam Speaker, as the designee of Chairwoman Johnson,  pursuant to House Resolution 900, I offer amendments en bloc.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Madam Speaker, this is a package of en bloc amendments that are  bipartisan. It includes the amendment that I offered with  Representative Gonzalez-Colon and Representative Posey for the Federal  Ocean Acidification Research and Monitoring Act, which is very  important to address ocean acidification, and also the amendment I  offered with Mr. Posey to create an interagency working group on blue  carbon led by NOAA to oversee the development of a national map of blue  carbon ecosystems.   This package of amendments will improve the very important America  COMPETES Act, and I urge its passage.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, we have no further speakers, but I want  to address the package of en bloc amendments.   Again, these amendments will improve the America COMPETES Act, which  is so important for United States leadership and to incentivize and  ramp up U.S. manufacturing. It is a very important bill, strengthened  by this en bloc amendment, and I urge its passage.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   