 Mr. Speaker, it was such an honor to work closely with the  late Representative Jackie Walorski. I was consistently struck by her  dedication to her district and deep desire to find ways to make our  healthcare system work for everyone.   On the Ways and Means Committee, in particular, she and I worked  together to co-lead bills on breast cancer equity and on medical  nutrition therapy for those in the Medicare program with eating  disorders.   I also had the pleasure of co-chairing the Integrative Health and  Wellness Caucus with her to help educate Members of Congress on the  various ways that integrative health can help support our traditional  medical system and lead to improved care for patients.   I am thrilled that we are honoring her legacy with today's bill which  reauthorizes the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting  program, or MIECHV. This bill also increases for the first time in a  decade Federal investments into the program.   Home visiting for pregnant women and families with young children  have a proven record of improving outcomes for children's health, well- being, and readiness for school. But currently, less than 5 percent of  eligible families each year have access to the program, including in my  own district in Los Angeles County. An estimated 37,000 families were  served through evidence-based home visiting models in 2021 alone, but  750,000 more families were eligible for services during this same time  but could not receive them.   In addition, recruitment and retention of home visitors are key  challenges to adequately serving families. Low wages and poor benefits  for the  [[Page H8717]]  field is a main driver of these challenges, and additional funding is  needed to address these workforce challenges and provide competitive  wages to these vital providers. That is why I am so excited about the  investments in this bill which will help increase capacity to serve  those in need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   