 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Protecting Our  Kids Act, a comprehensive package to address gun violence in the United  States. I am pleased that it includes my legislation, Ethan's Law,  which will keep kids across the country safe by ensuring that firearms  are safely stored and secured.   I introduced Ethan's Law in the House over 3 years ago in memory of  Ethan Song, a Guilford, Connecticut, teenager, 15 years old, who  accidentally shot himself with an unsecured gun in 2018. The firearm  was improperly stored in a Tupperware box with the gun lock keys and  the ammunition nearby.   Before I had the honor of introducing Ethan's Law in Congress, it  passed the Connecticut General Assembly and the State senate with broad  bipartisan support, signed into law in 2019. Today, we take a critical  step to make Ethan's Law the national standard in safe storage.   Ethan's Law will set a Federal standard for safe gun storage and  incentivize States to create and implement safe gun storage laws. This  legislation is a child safety bill, first and foremost, because losing  just one child to accidental gun violence is too many.   What happened to Ethan was tragic. No parent should have to lose  their child because of an unsecured gun. It is time for Congress to  act.   In the words of Ethan Song's parents, Mike and Kristin Song, whose  relentless advocacy led us to this moment: ``Not a single person on  Earth can change the past, but every one of us can change the future.''  Let's change the future while saving countless lives by passing the  Protecting Our Kids Act.   When Kristin Song found out that Ethan's Law was included in the  Protecting Our Kids Act, she said that the first person she wanted to  tell was Ethan, her beautiful boy, that she has fearlessly fought for  since the day she was forced to watch him be lowered into the ground.  Upon hearing the news, she immediately drove to the cemetery, and she  ran across it yelling, ``Ethan, we did it. Your lifesaving legislation  will be heard, it will get a vote.''   Madam Speaker, I am voting in favor of this legislation. I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   We love you, Ethan.   