 Madam President, I rise to join my good colleague  Senator Rosen and my other colleagues in urging our friend and Senator  from Arkansas to allow the nomination of these candidates for U.S.  attorney and U.S. marshal to move forward.   And let me just start by answering the question that you have posed  to both of my colleagues because I think it needs to be reframed. I  think the premise really is this. There is no doubt that your ultimate  goal here--and you have an ultimate goal that you are trying to  achieve, and I don't question that. I do question, though, the  procedure and the means by which you choose to succeed in your goal.  And that is what we are talking about, Senator Cotton, because, at the  end of the day, what you are trying to do is literally stand for U.S.  marshals while at the same time harming the U.S. Marshals Service by  not allowing two nominees to go before and get appointed to the U.S.  Marshals Service. Likewise, you are adding to that--U.S. attorneys  across the country, including one in the State of Nevada, who are on  the frontlines of the law and order that we need in this country.   As you well know, U.S. attorneys work with U.S. marshals across the  country to address violent crime in this country and prosecute it, to  address drug trafficking, human trafficking, murders, and so on. So  that means what you are trying to achieve here is actually harming law  and order across the country. I don't think you intend to do that. I  hope not. But that is what we are questioning right now, is the means  by which you are trying to achieve here--what we are asking is for you  to reconsider because at the end of the day--and I heard you earlier. I  think you made some comment saying: Sorry your lawyers have to wait to  get confirmed in a week or two. You know better. These aren't just  lawyers. You know U.S. attorneys across this country are on the  frontline of law and order. They are key to prosecuting essential  crimes that we need to address in this country, including working with  our U.S. marshals along with the FBI and other essential Federal  Agencies.   I would ask that you reconsider the means by which you are trying to  achieve your goal because in Nevada, the position of U.S. attorney has  been vacant for a full year. The President has nominated Jason Frierson  for that role. As you heard, Senator Rosen and I both support this  excellent candidate, and the full Senate needs to confirm him and let  him get to work.   You have heard his background. He is more than qualified for this  position, and I am not hearing from you that you have concerns about  his qualifications. But he is essential to ensure that we get somebody  in place, confirmed very swiftly, so that he can get to work on behalf  of the people in the State of Nevada and be on the frontlines of  addressing and ensuring we have law and order not only in Nevada but  across the country in these other States.   My question to you, Senator Cotton, is, would you reconsider the  means by which you are trying to achieve your goal so that you are not  harming those men and women who are on the frontlines of law and order  across the country, including here in the State of Nevada that we are  talking about? And you will hear from some of my other colleagues.   So I pose the question to you, Senator, through the Chair.    Yes.    Madam President, I am disappointed because I hear  my colleague, but he is not listening. He keeps repeating the same  talking point that he is defending law enforcement when, at the same  time, he is harming law enforcement across the country. This really is  nonsensical. It does not make sense not only to me and my colleagues  but to the general public that is watching.   We are talking about filling positions at the U.S. Marshals Service  and U.S. Attorney's Offices across the country. They are essential to  addressing what we see across the country and ensuring that there is  law and order.   So it is the means by which you are trying to achieve your goal which  we would ask you to consider. Unfortunately, I am not hearing from my  colleague from Arkansas that he is willing to reconsider it and stand  up for law and order across this country and support the U.S.  Attorney's Offices and marshals who need to be appointed.   I yield the floor.   