 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S1973]]     Mr. President, in the last few weeks, we have heard a lot  about and from Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson.   I would like to start off by congratulating Judge Jackson and her  family on her nomination. I had a wonderful meeting with the judge last  week. She is a highly qualified attorney. I would also like to  congratulate her for making it through the Senate Judiciary Committee.  The hearing process can be grueling, but it is extremely important.  Judge Jackson demonstrated grace under pressure. However, I have  concerns about Judge Jackson's nomination and will not be supporting  her confirmation to the Supreme Court.   Perhaps my greatest issue with Judge Jackson is her lack of adherence  to a judicial philosophy. I have been very clear with each Supreme  Court nominee since I took office that I am looking to support a  nominee who prescribes to originalism. Judge Jackson explained during  the Senate Judiciary hearing that she abides by a judicial  ``methodology'' instead of a philosophy. This means, according to her,  that she begins at a neutral position to understand the facts and to  interpret the law, receives all the appropriate inputs, and then  interprets the law.   While I would hope that all judges, no matter which court they sit  on, approach their rulings from a neutral position and evaluate all  applicable court filings, Judge Jackson's methodology says nothing  about the way she understands and subsequently interprets the law.   In my mind, there are three areas of the law a judge must evaluate:  the meaning of the Constitution, statutes, and case precedents.  Different theories of interpretation sometimes lead to different  answers about the meaning of each of these different areas, which is  why it is vitally important to know what a Supreme Court nominee's  philosophy is.   For example, Justice Breyer, whom Judge Jackson clerked for and is  nominated to replace on the Court, often described his own judicial  philosophy as pragmatic. As a result, Justice Breyer balances the  interests and values surrounding a case.   While I don't agree with Justice Breyer's method of interpretation,  Judge Jackson won't even commit to abiding by this judicial philosophy,  and this is very troubling. If a Justice's legal interpretation has no  philosophical grounding, that provides flexibility for a Justice to  bend their thinking to achieve a desired outcome instead of following a  structured analysis. We have enough politicians in the legislative  branch; we don't need any in the courts, especially the Supreme Court.   My concerns with Judge Jackson's apparent lack of a judicial  philosophy are magnified by her other progressive and activist choices.  Case in point: her lax stance on the sentencing of pedophiles. The laws  she applied simply hold those who distribute child pornography  accountable, considering how often these offenders recidivate. Instead,  Judge Jackson went out of her way to articulate her discomfort with  imposing sentences based upon, in her words, ``outdated laws'' because  the nature of child pornography distribution has changed. For the  children depicted in these heinous images, it really doesn't matter how  they are distributed. Judge Jackson afforded leniency to offenders and  previewed for all of us how she applies outdated laws to modern  problems.   Going further, when asked if she supports expanding the number of  Justices on the Supreme Court, Judge Jackson refused to reject that  position. Perhaps echoing this thought process during the Senate  Judiciary hearing, Judge Jackson commented that she would be ``thrilled  to be one of however many'' Justices. This tells me everything I need  to know.   In addition, Judge Jackson's unverified stance on life issues gives  me great pause. During several exchanges at the hearing, Judge Jackson  refused to acknowledge when the life of an unborn child begins. As a  result, the only information I have to evaluate is her previous  decision supporting a Massachusetts law that created a buffer zone  preventing pro-life sidewalk counselors from approaching expectant  mothers outside of abortion clinics.   Without an articulated process on how the judge would approach a life  question in combination with this troubling decision, I have no  reassurance that the judge will not take an activist stance. I cannot  and will not accept this answer.   Finally, I am deeply concerned at Judge Jackson's response when asked  to define a woman. The judge responded that she is not a biologist.  Well, folks, I am not a biologist either, but it seems pretty common  sense to me. I can tell you the voters of Iowa didn't have to think  about the answer to this question when they elected me as the first  woman to represent Iowa in the U.S. Senate. I can tell you the Taliban  didn't have to think about the answer to this question when they closed  the doors of schools to female students 2 weeks ago. And I can tell you  President Biden didn't have to think about the answer to this question  when he nominated Judge Jackson as the first Black woman to the Supreme  Court.   While I am grateful Judge Jackson believes science is the basis for  determining a woman, I am deeply concerned that a fellow woman who is  set to define the contours of laws that are specific to women has to  even think about an answer to that question.   So Judge Jackson's language, or lack thereof, speaks volumes for me,  and I cannot support her nomination for a lifetime appointment on our  Nation's highest Court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   