 My days since the first cloture vote on the Respect for  Marriage Act, as amended, have involved a painful exercise in accepting  admonishment and fairly brutal self-soul-searching--entirely avoidable,  I might add, had I simply chosen to vote no.   The Bible teaches that marriage is between one man and one woman. I  accept God's Word, including God's Word as to the definition of  marriage. I support my church's adherence to that Biblical  pronouncement. I support Wyoming statute which codifies that  definition. I find solace in people and organizations that share my  beliefs.   I, and many like me, have been vilified and despised by some who  disagree with our beliefs. They do not withhold bitter invective. They  use their own hateful speech to make sure that I and others who believe  as I do know that we are hated and despised by them. Americans on the  other side of this issue can relate to ill treatment as well.   So why have I strayed with such anguish from a path that conforms to  my beliefs, my instruction, my faith, to vote for the Respect for  Marriage Act? The answer to that question lies in our history, in how  we got here as a nation and as a people, and in where we are as a  nation and as a people today.   In the 1600s, colonizers Roger Williams of Rhode Island and William  Penn of Pennsylvania cited Scripture and the Protestant reformers to  defer to God as the judge of conscience.   Williams referred to religious liberty as ``liberty of the soul.''  The charter of the Colony of Rhode Island required religious tolerance,  ``that all may . . . freely and fully have and enjoy his and their own  judgments and consciences, in matters of religious concernments.''   George Whitefield's groundbreaking message, without which these  United States never would have come into being, emphasized an  individual's personal relationship with God, where previously the  individual deferred to the church. These became foundational for our  current American approach to the relationship between church and state.   In 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court, in its Obergefell decision,  established a constitutional right to same-sex unions, using the term  ``marriage.''  [[Page S6842]]  Tens of thousands of same-sex American couples have married in reliance  on that Supreme Court decision.   The term ``marriage'' now has two meanings: the Biblical and the  secular. The Respect for Marriage Act, by design, references neither  definition. It uses the term ``individuals.'' The act recognizes that  both definitions exist and codifies that a marriage legally entered in  one State will be legally accepted by the others. Further, the act  provides protection from persecution by a government authority toward a  church and its organizations of religious instruction that adhere only  to the Biblical definition.   These are turbulent times for our Nation. Americans address each  other in more crude and cruel terms than ever in my lifetime. It is  jarring and unbecoming of us as human beings. It is highly intolerant,  and, frequently, the most so when expressed by those who advocate for  tolerance. Many of us ask ourselves: Our Nation is so divided. When  will this end, and how will it end?   Just as when our Nation was founded, when the New World tore itself  from the old, people of diverse faiths, beliefs, and backgrounds had to  come to terms with each other, had to tolerate the seemingly  intolerable about each other's views, and had to respect each other's  rights, even before the Constitution enumerated those rights. They had  to tolerate each other in order to survive as a nation. Somehow, most  certainly with divine guidance, they did.   For the sake of our Nation today and its survival, we do well by  taking this step, not embracing or validating each other's devoutly  held views but by the simple act of tolerating them. And that explains  my vote.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to underscore the crucial  importance of the religious liberty provisions in the Respect for  Marriage Act, which was just passed by the Senate, and to ensure the  legislative intent behind these provisions is crystal clear.   As you know, the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell v.  Hodges from 2015 established a constitutional right to same-sex  marriage.   When Obergefell was argued, then-Solicitor General Verrilli was asked  whether recognizing a constitutional right to same-sex marriage would  lead to churches, religious organizations, and other not-for-profits  potentially having their tax-exempt status reconsidered in light of the  Supreme Court's decision in Bob Jones University v. United States.  Solicitor General Verrilli responded that ``it's certainly going to be  an issue.''   In recognizing a constitutional right to same-sex marriage in 2015,  the U.S. Supreme Court did not reconsider the Bob Jones University  precedent, leaving this issue unresolved.   The Respect for Marriage Act, with the substitute amendment that I  cosponsored with Senators Sinema, Collins, Baldwin, Portman, and  Tillis, answers this question and a number of others, providing strong  protections for religious liberty, especially when combined with the  Religious Freedom Restoration Act.   I want to thank my friend, the Senator from Arizona, for her hard  work on this bill and her willingness to address key questions around  religious liberty in a thoughtful and bipartisan way.   It is my understanding that section 2 of the Respect for Marriage  Act, in light of the Supreme Court's Bob Jones v. United States  decision in 1983, would prevent the Internal Revenue Service from  successfully arguing that the United States now has a ``national  policy'' favoring same-sex marriage and would prevent the IRS from  using this national policy argument to deny tax-exempt status to  religious organizations.   I want to ask my friend, the Senator from Arizona, is this your  understanding, as well?    Yes, it is my understanding that use of this phrase in  section 4 of the bill is intended to incorporate the U.S. Supreme  Court's interpretation of this term, including, but not limited to, the  case Rendell-Baker v. Kohn and NCAA v. Tarkanian cases.   I would like to now turn to section 6 of the bill, which provides  that no church or religious nonprofit will be forced to solemnize or  conduct a marriage ceremony under this bill.   Is it your understanding that section 6(b) bars ``any civil claim or  cause of action,'' without exception, relating to a church or religious  organization's refusal to solemnize or celebrate a marriage under this  section, and the text does not state that it can be overruled by a  court in finding a ``compelling governmental interest''?    Yes, that is my understanding, as well, regarding the  scope of section 7.   This bill is intended to enshrine a national policy of respect for  all views surrounding marriage and to enact some of the strongest  religious liberty protections since the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act in 1993. This legislation also ensures that religious liberty will  have more of a central role in future debates in our courts and in the  Halls of Congress.   I would like to thank my friend from Arizona for her tireless work on  these issues and her willingness to work together, as always.   