 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the Senate  receives a message from the House that it has passed H.R. 1842, and if  the text of that bill is identical to S. 697, that the bill be  considered read three times and the Senate vote on passage of the bill  without intervening action or debate, and that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, for months, our country has experienced a  severe computer chip shortage, one that has impacted nearly every  American industry and increased costs for nearly every American. From  cell phones to cars to televisions, even our refrigerators and washing  machines--products we use every day--well, they need computer chips to  function.   They are also used in critically important technology like the  medical equipment at our hospitals and the technology used by our  military. This is why the computer chip shortage we are facing is a  critical economic and national security issue. It has caused prices to  rise, contributed to supply chain issues, and limited the availability  of many products, something that anyone who has tried to buy or rent a  car over the past couple of years knows all too well.   This shortage was directly impacting hard-working families and the  businesses that support jobs across our Nation.   It has hurt companies that employ people in my State of Nevada, like  Varian Medical Systems, which uses computer chips to manufacture  cancer-fighting and other critical medical technologies. This shortage  is impacting lives and likelihoods.   For decades, America was a global leader in manufacturing and  innovation; but over the years, we outsourced the production of  computer chips to countries like China, costing us millions of  potential American jobs and increasing our reliance on foreign nations  for technology that is critical--critical for our national security and  [[Page S3664]]  for our safety. All of this has been exacerbated by a global pandemic  and the war in Ukraine.   We can't afford to wait any longer to bring manufacturing of computer  chips back to the United States. The Senate will be voting on  bipartisan legislation to bring computer chip manufacturing back to the  U.S. and help existing manufacturers compete, creating thousands of new  American jobs and enhancing both our economic and our national  security.   We will also improve our supply chain, which will help businesses  like Varian Medical Systems, and it will minimize the supply chain  disruptions which will ultimately help lower prices for consumers. This  bill will do so much more to spur innovation and invest in our American  economy.   As the first and only former computer programmer to serve in the U.S.  Senate, I am so excited about what this legislation will do for the  future of American technology and innovation. It will establish a  first-of-its-kind effort to accelerate our development of critical  technologies, like artificial intelligence, quantum computing, and  advanced manufacturing. We will invest heavily in STEM education and in  our cybersecurity workforce. And it will help build regional technology  hubs all across this country to spark innovation.   I am also so proud that this bill includes bipartisan provisions that  I worked on in the committee that wrote the bulk of the legislation,  which includes these: my bipartisan Rural STEM Education Act with  Senator Wicker to increase access to quality STEM education for rural  schools so it is accessible to all of our students no matter where they  live. It also includes provisions I worked on with Senator Blackburn to  support advanced manufacturing workforce development and a bipartisan  amendment I introduced with Senator Lummis to develop a secure and  reliable critical mineral supply chain.   This historic bipartisan legislation is just common sense. So let's  build up our communities; let's strengthen America's competitiveness;  let's invest in American innovation; let's lower prices for hard- working families; and let's bolster our domestic supply chain. Let's  pass this critical piece of legislation now.   