 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise enthusiastically to support the rule and the  underlying bill.   As I do so, let me ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  to join me in asking President Trump to lower the rhetoric so we don't  have people dying every day because of his provocative words.   Let me say, this bill is a miracle of success. It is a miracle  because we, the Democrats, are giving back $300 billion to reduce the  inflation that was created by the Trump tax cut that has been killing  us for the last couple of years.   I am excited about the idea that those who are not paying their fair  tax, the top 1 percent--$160 billion they do not pay--yet we will raise  no taxes on those making $400,000 or less.   We will make corporations and ultrawealthy persons pay their fair  share through the IRS working to help working people. No new taxes on  families. That is crucial.   Now, on the underlying bill, I would have wanted to offer an  amendment dealing with the carried interest, which would have gotten us  $14 billion. I wanted to make sure that we had the $35 limit on insulin  and, as well, help for Medicaid recipients.   This is a great bill. I support the rule and the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend you and Chairman McGovern for  the Rule enabling the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R. 5376, to be  considered and voted on the floor today.   Rapid action on the Inflation Reduction Act is vital, as it will have  a major positive impact on quality-of-life for American families,  reduce inflation for all Americans, and bolster our national economy  and competitiveness for years to come.   This landmark legislation will provide urgently needed relief, as  well as many reforms and initiatives that will help our nation  transition to its next era of economic success for all Americans.   Even though H.R. 5376 doesn't include every solution that I hoped  would be included, I wholeheartedly and enthusiastically support the  rule and the bill because of the overwhelmingly positive effects that  the Inflation Reduction Act will have.   The bill makes historic investments to combat climate change by  putting the United States on a path to reduce emissions by 40 percent  by 2030, including investments in clean energy and energy efficiency  that will lower household energy costs.   The bill's clean energy and emission reduction programs attack the  climate crisis at its source--electric utilities, cars, trucks, and  even methane-producing farm animals--while ensuring that rural and  disadvantaged communities share the benefits.   It would bring electric cars--and the fuel costs they save--within  the reach of working families. It would also lower utility bills,  promote community solar projects, and boost America's clean energy  manufacturing base and workforce.   The Inflation Reduction Act will lower the costs of prescription  drugs by empowering Medicare--for the first time--to negotiate prices,  while limiting out-of-pocket costs and price increases. Medicare would  negotiate a maximum price of high-cost prescription drugs for Medicare  Part B and Part D that will take effect in 2026. This provision will  make prescription drugs more accessible and stop drug companies from  raising the price of prescription medicines faster than inflation.   This legislation will also extend the Affordable Care Act's health  insurance premium tax credits through 2025. This will avert a huge  price hike in premiums for the majority of the 14 million people who  have enrolled in ACA Marketplace plans.   The Inflation Reduction Act would create a more equitable tax system  by applying a 15 percent minimum tax to corporations with more than $1  billion in average annual income  [[Page H7570]]  over a three-year period. This would ensure that these corporations at  least pay roughly the same rate as many working taxpayers.   The bill would also impose a 1 percent excise tax on corporate stock  buybacks, and it would enable the IRS to reverse staff cuts and ensure  compliance with tax laws and regulations.   By creating a more equitable tax system, this legislation will ease  the pressure of inflation and allow more Americans to participate  productively in the economy. Americans overwhelmingly agree that  corporations have paid too little for too long. Only in Washington  would Republicans fight against cutting costs for low- and middle- income workers and their families in defense of wealthy corporations.   That point about fundamental equity brings me to one of my regrets  about this bill. When the agreement that led to this bill was announced  in July, it had a provision to close the carried interest loophole.  That tax code loophole allows managers of private equity and other  investment funds to pay lower taxes on their earnings than those paid  by wage and salary earners.   The Senate agreement, as it was first announced, would have closed  the carried interest loophole by extending the required holding period  to five years, which is more in line with how long private equity funds  typically hold their investments. But unfortunately, the Senate dropped  that provision from the bill, giving up $13 billion that it would have  raised over ten years.   The carried interest loophole benefits billionaires, and by that  provision being dropped from the bill, billionaires scored a victory  worth billions of dollars at the time when most Americans are  struggling to make ends meet.   Obviously, that offends principles of equity and fairness, and, if I  had the opportunity amend H.R. 5376, I would have offered an amendment  to close the carried interest loophole.   Another amendment that I would have offered would have lowered the  costs of insulin for people whose health care coverage is with private  insurance companies.   While I am delighted that H.R. 5376 imposes a $35 per month cap on  the price of insulin for people covered by Medicare, this cap should  have extended to Americans with private insurance. I was very upset  that Senate Republicans rejected that policy, as it is unconscionable  to force people to choose between affording their life-sustaining  insulin or their other daily needs. Some Americans have died because  they couldn't afford their insulin, which has been subject to  unjustifiable pricing practices.   So, I would have offered an amendment to ensure that all Americans,  including those with private health insurance, benefit from a $35 per  month cap on their insulin costs.   Finally, I was disappointed that Senator Raphael Warnock's amendment  about Medicaid expansion was not adopted by the Senate. This amendment  sought to close the Medicaid coverage gap so that 2.2 million people  living in poverty, with no affordable health care, would be able to see  a doctor when they are sick, pregnant, or have other health needs.   The third amendment I would have offered would have closed the  Medicaid coverage gap for health care to impoverished Americans who  have a need for, and the right to, health care. Although it is not in  this bill, I will continue to fight for this.   Even without those three elements, the Inflation Reduction Act is  excellent legislation that will be a great leap forward for the  American people, particularly for my constituents in the 18th  Congressional District of Texas, as well as for all of America.    Mr. Speaker, I want to dispel the myths of the smoke  and mirrors that are flaming up across the way with my friends.   Do they not recognize the opportunity that we have for reducing the  costs of healthcare with subsidies so that working families can get the  Affordable Care Act? Or excitingly, I am so delighted that there is a  cap on insulin. Diabetes is raging for those on Medicare, and we are  going to get those on private insurance as well.   Let's tell the truth about taxes. No taxes on those making $400,000  or less but getting the $160 billion in the top 1 percent that have  refused to pay their fair share.   What is this folder?   These are letters from my county attorneys and communities about  concrete batch facilities put in neighborhoods of Hispanics and African  Americans by Trinity Gardens in the East End and Aldine. This  legislation, $60 billion, will help save these people who have been  living in their homes and losing their homes because environmental  toxins like a concrete batch facility gets put in their neighborhood  and creates respiratory diseases: asthma, bad grass, and parks that you  can't play in.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation. Why?   Because it is for the working people in America.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to wholeheartedly and  enthusiastically support the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R.  5376.   I commend our Democratic colleagues in the Senate--whose tireless  efforts culminated in this landmark legislation--and our Democratic  Caucus in the House, whose commitment to the policies embodied in this  legislation kept the prospect for progress alive and ready for action  over the past year.   We persevered to extend health care benefits, limit the cost of  medication, combat the climate crisis, help impoverished Americans, and  reduce inflation for all Americans. We never relinquished our focus and  determination to help those who are suffering from the economic  aftershocks of COVID-19.   Enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act is crucial at this vital  moment, as Americans need the economic relief that this bill will  provide. It will boost quality-of-life for American families by  reducing costs and inflation, and bolstering our national economy and  competitiveness for years to come.   This legislation is truly historic because it will dramatically  advance major policies and programs supported by the vast majority of  Americans, and it will do so in a fiscally responsible way, applying  much of the revenue raised to deficit reduction.   A key message that this legislation sends is that Congress, with  Democrats at the helm, is focused on providing aid to working  Americans, middle-income families, impoverished Americans, and those  who most need a little help during challenging times.   This is a stark contrast from a few years ago, when Republicans in  control of Congress passed bills that gave massive tax breaks to the  wealthiest people and corporations, and helped the rich get richer,  while tossing mere table scraps to the middle class, and barely a few  crumbs to Americans suffering in poverty.   So, I'm delighted that the Inflation Reduction Act will provide  urgently needed financial relief to Americans in need, reforms to  address the climate crisis, and initiatives that will help our nation  transition to its next era of success for all Americans.   Among the provisions that will directly benefit family finances  across the country are the Inflation Reduction Act's health care  reforms, initiatives, assistance, and restraints on cost increases.   For the first time after years of efforts by Democrats, Medicare will  be able to negotiate with drug companies to lower the price of  medications for Americans receiving Medicare. Maximum prices for 10  drugs will take effect in 2026, 15 more drugs in 2027, another 15 in  2028, and 20 more in 2029 and beyond.   Manufacturers that do not offer a price equal to or less than the  maximum fair price will be subject to a civil monetary penalty of 10  times the difference between the offered price and the maximum fair  price for all of its drugs sold in violation of that.   The IRA will impose rebates on drug companies that increase prices  faster than inflation to limit annual increases in drug prices for  people with Medicare. The inflation rebate provision will be  implemented beginning in 2023, using 2021 as the base year for  determining price changes relative to inflation.   Another major reform is a new $2,000 annual cap on Medicare Part D  out-of-pocket spending starting in 2025. Currently, there is no limit  on out-of-pocket spending for prescription drugs that seniors need.   This bill ensures that devastating diagnoses, like cancer, will never  again mean paying tens of thousands out-of-pocket for just one drug,  which forces Medicare recipients into severe financial hardship.  [[Page H7652]]    The bill expands the low-income subsidy program in Medicare Part D.  Currently, it is fully available to those earning less than 135 percent  of the federal poverty level, and partially available to those earning  less than 150 percent of that level. The bill eliminates the partial  subsidy, giving those earning up to 150% of the poverty level the full  low-income subsidy in Medicare Part D.   The bill initiates a major reform to help Medicare patients who need  insulin and have been forced to pay exorbitant costs for their life- sustaining supply.   The Inflation Reduction Act caps out-of-pocket costs at $35 per month  for insulin co-pays under Medicare programs. Cost-sharing for Part D  plans will be capped at $35 for approved insulin products starting in  2023. After 2025, the price will be the lesser of $35, 25 percent of  the maximum fair price, or 25 percent of the negotiated price. From  January to March 2023, there will be temporary subsidies for any cost  sharing over $35 per month.   While I am delighted that H.R. 5376 imposes a $35 per month cap on  the price of insulin for people covered by Medicare, this cap should  have extended to Americans with private insurance.   I was very upset that Senate Republicans rejected that policy, as it  is immoral to side with drug companies that force people to choose  between life-sustaining insulin and other daily needs. Some Americans  have died because they couldn't afford their insulin, which is subject  to unjustifiable pricing practices.   This bill should have ensured that Americans with private health  insurance would benefit from a $35 per month cap on their insulin  costs, and I will continue the fight for this reform.   The Inflation Reduction Act lowers health insurance premiums for  nearly 13 million low- and middle-income Americans whose coverage is  from the Affordable Care Act. The bill allocates $64 billion to extend  tax credits for three years, through 2025.   Recipients saved on average $800 in 2021. Monthly premiums were  estimated to decrease by $50 per person on average in 2022, and 80  percent of ACA enrollees with the tax credits were able to find a plan  that amounted to $10 or less per month.   This is extremely important because extension of these credits  subsidizing the cost of health insurance will prevent 3 million people  from becoming uninsured due to steep premium hikes, protecting them  from financial hardship, and saving the health care system from the  perilous costs of uncompensated care.   I was dismayed that Senator Warnock's amendment extending Medicaid  expansion to 2.2 million people living in poverty in 12 states was not  adopted by the Senate. Impoverished Americans with no access to  affordable health care would have been able to see a doctor when they  are sick, pregnant, or have other health needs. We must still close the  Medicaid coverage gap for Americans who have a need for, and the right  to, health care. Although it is not in this bill, I will continue to  fight for this.   The bill makes historic investments to combat climate change by  putting the United States on a path to reduce emissions by 40% by 2030,  investing $369 billion in clean energy and energy efficiency to lower  household energy costs, and ensuring that lower-income households can  benefit from these programs.   The bill's clean energy and emission reduction programs attack the  climate crisis at its source--electric utilities, cars, trucks, and  methane emission producers--while ensuring that rural and disadvantaged  communities share the benefits.   The IRA provides direct consumer incentives to relieve the high costs  of energy and decrease utility bills by encouraging purchases of energy  efficient and clean-energy goods, with a significant portion of the  funding going to lower-income households and disadvantaged communities.   The bill includes $9 billion in consumer home energy rebate programs,  focused on low-income consumers, to electrify home appliances and for  energy efficient retrofits.   The IRA provides 10 years of consumer tax credits to make homes  energy efficient, using clean energy and making heat pumps, rooftop  solar, community solar projects, electric HVAC, and efficient water  heaters more affordable.   The bill includes a $4,000 consumer tax credit for lower- and middle- income individuals to buy used clean-energy vehicles, and up to a  $7,500 tax credit to buy new clean-energy vehicles. This will bring  electric cars--and the fuel costs they save--within the reach of  working families.   Additionally, the bill establishes a $1 billion grant program to make  affordable housing more energy efficient.   The investments in this bill will reduce emissions in every sector of  the economy, substantially reducing emissions from electricity  generation, transportation, industrial manufacturing, buildings, and  agriculture.   Tax credits are provided for clean sources of electricity and energy  storage, and roughly $30 billion in targeted grant and loan programs  for states and electric utilities to accelerate the transition to clean  electricity.   The legislation includes tax credits and grants for clean fuels and  clean commercial vehicles to reduce emissions from all parts of the  transportation sector.   The bill provides grants and tax credits to reduce emissions from  industrial manufacturing processes, including almost $6 billion for a  new Advanced Industrial Facilities Deployment Program to reduce  emissions from the largest industrial emitters like chemical, steel and  cement plants.   To spur innovation, $27 billion is provided for a clean energy  technology accelerator to aid deployment of technologies that reduce  emissions, especially in disadvantaged communities.   The IRA has $9 billion for Federal procurement of American-made clean  products, including $3 billion for zero-emission Postal Service  vehicles, to create a stable market for them.   The Inflation Reduction Act includes over $60 billion for  environmental justice priorities to drive investments into  disadvantaged communities.   The bill has $3 billion for Environmental and Climate Justice Block  Grants that will invest in community-led projects in disadvantaged  communities and community capacity building centers to address  disproportionate environmental and public health harms related to  pollution and climate change.   The IRA creates Neighborhood Access and Equity Grants with $3 billion  to aid neighborhood equity, safety, and affordable transportation  access. This landmark program addresses a long legacy of ignoring  environmental justice concerns in project decision-making. The grants  aim to reconnect communities divided by infrastructure barriers,  mitigate negative impacts of transit facilities or construction  projects on disadvantaged or underserved communities, and support  equitable transportation planning and community engagement activities.   The bill provides another $3 billion for Grants to Reduce Air  Pollution at Ports to support the purchase and installation of zero- emission equipment and technology at ports.   The IRA also provides $1 billion for clean heavy-duty vehicles, such  as school and transit buses and garbage trucks.   There is $60 million for Diesel Emissions Reduction Act grants to  address diesel emissions from goods movement facilities like airports  and railyards, and from vehicles using those facilities.   The IRA has $236 million for Air Pollution Monitoring that will  particularly benefit disadvantaged communities exposed to areas with  persistent air pollution.   The bill includes $50 million to address Air Pollution at Schools by  monitoring and reducing air pollution at public schools in low-income  and disadvantaged communities.   The bill provides $87 million for the Low Emissions Electricity  Program to support low-income and disadvantaged communities, and offer  technical assistance to industry, as well as state and local  governments, as they work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.   Environmental justice is also central to initiatives that aim to  decarbonize the economy, such as the technology accelerator and  consumer home energy rebate programs, that focus on disadvantaged and  low-income communities. Additionally, many of the clean energy tax  credits include either a bonus or set-aside structure to drive  investments and economic development in disadvantaged communities.   This bill funds energy reliability, cleaner energy, and historic  investments in American clean energy manufacturing.   It includes over $60 billion for clean energy manufacturing in the  U.S. across the full supply chain of clean energy and transportation  technologies. These manufacturing incentives will help alleviate  inflation and reduce the risk of future price shocks by bringing down  the cost of clean energy and clean vehicles and relieving supply chain  bottlenecks.   The IRA invests roughly $30 billion for production tax credits to  accelerate U.S. manufacturing of solar panels, wind turbines,  batteries, and critical minerals processing.   The bill has a $10 billion investment tax credit to build clean  technology  [[Page H7653]]  manufacturing facilities, like facilities that make electric vehicles,  wind turbines and solar panels.   The bill also funds $500 million in the Defense Production Act for  heat pumps and critical minerals processing.   The bill has $2 billion in grants to retool auto manufacturing  facilities to manufacture clean vehicles, ensuring that auto  manufacturing jobs stay in the communities that rely on them.   The IRA provides up to $20 billion in loans to build new clean  vehicle manufacturing facilities across the country.   To spur the next generation of energy technologies, the bill provides  $2 billion for National Labs to accelerate breakthrough energy  research.   To afford these investments and reduce the deficit, the Inflation  Reduction Act requires the wealthiest people and corporations to pay  their fair share of taxes, without raising taxes on anyone making less  than $400,000 each year. In fact, the non-partisan Joint Committee on  Taxation reported that, in addition to not increasing taxes on any  family making $400,000 or less, taxes on those families would actually  be reduced by the IRA.   This would correct the longstanding injustice of hardworking American  families paying their taxes on time while wealthy millionaires and  billionaires avoid paying the taxes they owe to the federal government.   By creating a more equitable tax system, this bill will ease the  pressure of inflation and allow more Americans to participate  productively in the economy. Americans overwhelmingly agree that  corporations have paid too little for too long. Only in Washington  would Republicans fight against cutting costs for low- and middle- income workers and their families in defense of wealthy corporations.   To fairly and appropriately raise revenues, the bill includes major  reforms, each of which are sound tax policies.   The Inflation Reduction Act imposes a corporate alternative minimum  tax on corporations that earn more than $1 billion in annual profit,  but do not pay at least a 15 percent tax rate. This would apply to  about 150 corporations that average nearly $9 billion in profit, but  which paid effective tax rates of just 1.1 percent. The minimum tax  will make sure they pay their fair share, and will raise approximately  $222 billion.   The bill will levy a 1 percent fee on stock buybacks by publicly- traded corporations to level the playing field. This reform to the tax  code, which raises $74 billion, would put an end to favoring buybacks  for rich shareholders and executives over investments in workers and  innovation.   The legislation will help prevent the wealthiest Americans from  sheltering their nonbusiness income and avoiding taxes. By extending  the limitation on excess business losses for two years, the bill would  raise an additional $52 billion.   This bill also gives the IRS resources to rebuild its antiquated  systems to make the wealthy pay their taxes. By investing $80 billion  over ten years for tax enforcement and compliance, the Congressional  Budget Office estimates the IRS will collect $203 billion. Nearly 75  percent of Americans believe the IRS should conduct more tax audits of  large corporations and millionaires. Recently, the IRS Commissioner  emphasized that families making under $400,000 per year will not see  increased audits.   I was upset that the Senate did not close the carried interest  loophole, which lets investment fund managers pay lower taxes on their  earnings than wage earners pay. Billionaires scored a win worth  billions as others struggle to make ends meet. Yet, I am pleased that  the bill levels the playing field with other taxes.   The Inflation Reduction Act is excellent legislation that will be a  great leap forward for the American people, including for my  constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas.   