 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, we are seeing increasingly catastrophic wildfires in the  West, including in my home State of Washington. Last year, more than  50,000 acres burned in just one of the counties in the Eighth District  that I represent. This was a record-breaking wildfire season with  abnormally dry conditions. But this type of wildfire season is expected  to become more and more the norm.   We need to ensure that we have more resources at our disposal to  confront them. The earlier we detect wildfire, the more quickly our  firefighters can respond, and my amendment does just that.   A lot of our effort in fighting wildfires has correctly been focused  on suppression and prevention. But as our climate continues to change  and catastrophic wildfires burn hotter and seasons last longer, we need  a whole-of-government approach to address wildfires.   My amendment would further enhance the contributions of Federal  science agencies as part of the National Wildland Fire Risk Reduction  Program. The amendment would also require an annual post fire-season  weather survey and assessment. These activities will help to identify  data gaps, enhance efficiency and reliability of data, and evaluate the  accuracy and efficiency of our fire weather forecasting.   My amendment will also formalize NOAA's role in wildfire detection  and response. In Chelan County, in my district, there is a radar gap  which makes it much more difficult to predict and track extreme  weather. This gap also impacts our ability to track fires--something  that is particularly critical to wildfire prone central Washington.   The language in my amendment builds off legislation I recently  introduced with my colleague, Congressman Bera, H.R. 8449, the Fire  Ready Nation Act, which is the House companion to Senator Cantwell's  bipartisan bill. This bill would codify and support NOAA's ability to  help detect and respond to wildfires.   My amendment will strengthen contributions of our weather science  agencies like NOAA to improve coordination and response efforts when it  comes to fighting fires. This will be particularly impactful in areas  like my district which lack robust radar coverage.   As part of the needed whole-of-government response to wildfires, I am  glad that the underlying bill includes language from two of my other  bills. One, from my National Prescribed Fire Act, would direct the  Secretaries of Agriculture and the Interior to establish at least one  prescribed fire training center in a Western State.   Prescribed burns during the offseason for fire allow for fuel  reduction and prevent catastrophic forest fires. More training means  more widespread use of prescribed fire. A recent report from the  Washington Department of Natural Resources identified 3 million acres  of forest land in need of restoration in my home State. Much of that  area is rural central Washington where hot, dry weather and wind make  wildfire especially probable and dangerous.   The second bill would allow the Forest Service to collect and keep  the interest earned on settlement funds, much like other Federal  agencies can, in order to supplement restoration efforts. This makes  common sense and is a wise and fair use of the interest earned.   Wildfires are becoming more extreme and catastrophic every year in  western States. They are even beginning to affect areas in my State  that for a long time were thought to be too green and too wet for  wildfires to happen, even the Olympic National Forest. Sadly, as our  climate changes, this will become an increasing threat.   I am thrilled to have an amendment to this legislation to allow for  more  [[Page H7490]]  science and evidence-based decisionmaking. We need every tool in our  toolbox to prevent these fires.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time remains.    Madam Chair, I would like to clarify that we already  have provisions in place to prevent wildfires, to remove underbrush,  and to thin our forests and make they are more resilient. The thing is  that the earlier we can detect wildfires with appropriate weather  systems, the earlier our firefighters can jump on it and suppress those  fires.   You need both. You need the prevention, and you need the ability to  respond quickly. So make no mistake. This is a critical amendment.   I urge my colleagues to vote for the amendment and for the underlying  bill.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am thrilled to have worked with so many  of my Republican colleagues on these bills to prevent wildfires. I  encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance  of my time.   