 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7666, the  Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act of 2022.   It has never been more urgent to pass this comprehensive legislation  that will help deliver essential mental health and substance use  disorder treatment and support to communities across this country.   Americans continue to lose loved ones to addiction and mental health  struggles every day. Mr. Speaker, 2021 marked the deadliest year yet,  with nearly 108,000 overdose deaths here in the United States. In  Nashua, New Hampshire, in my district, the rate of fatal overdoses  doubled from March to April just this year, and it is on track to reach  the highest number of opioid deaths since the epidemic began.   We cannot wait another day to pass this critical legislation.   As founder and co-chair of the Bipartisan Addiction and Mental Health  Task Force, I am pleased to see the Restoring Hope for Mental Health  and Well-Being Act include many of the bills from our task force  agenda, bills like the Mainstreaming Addiction Treatment Act to remove  outdated barriers that prevent healthcare providers from prescribing  essential treatment for substance use disorder.   I am also pleased to see the Restoring Hope for Mental Health and  Well-Being Act include the KIDS CARE Act, legislation I introduced with  Congressman Hudson to improve Medicaid in schools and provide mental  health screenings for justice-involved youth.   Importantly, H.R. 7666 addresses the many unmet needs of communities  that have suffered because of inadequate mental health resources, from  bolstering grants for depression screening and suicide prevention to  strengthening the behavioral health workforce.   I support this legislation because it responds to the urgency of  today's crisis and will improve mental health and addiction care all  across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone and his staff for his  leadership on this bill and the Speaker for giving us the opportunity  to discuss this legislation. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   