 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for  yielding time, and I thank my colleague and friend from Florida as  well.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 2938 to name the  Federal courthouse in Tallahassee, Florida, for Judge Joseph Woodrow  Hatchett. It is so appropriate for us to honor his life and legacy by  naming the Federal courthouse in Florida's capital city for Judge  Hatchett as he was a champion for fairness and justice.   He did have a hardscrabble background, being born to a maid and a  fruit picker in the Tampa Bay area. He grew up in Pinellas County, but  he was the pride of his family and his community through his graduation  from Florida A&M University and with a law degree from Howard  University. He served in the Army.   He was one of the first African-American Federal prosecutors--I  believe the first in the Middle District of Florida. He was a Federal  magistrate and served with distinction. Then he was tapped as the first  African-American supreme court justice in the history of the State of  Florida, and then on the circuit court of appeals, where he then served  as chief judge.   Here is how various commentators, former clerks, and colleagues  describe Judge Hatchett: he was unbelievably smart, he was a pioneer, a  man of utmost integrity, a fine and decent judge who stood for racial  justice and fairness, and a lifetime of work for ethics in government  and justice in the courts.   One of his colleagues who served with him said that his external  gentleness and calmness was wrapped around a steel core of dedication  to equality and justice. His contribution to both of those ideals in  Florida and this country throughout his life are immeasurable.   Madam Speaker, my Republican colleagues here who oppose the naming of  the courthouse for Judge Hatchett now have an opportunity to do right  by him.   One commentator described the changing of votes on the floor of the  House that day and the votes against this honorable man as a new  perigee of political pettiness, folks who wanted to reinforce their  image as political heirs to this sort of mean-spirited and backward  thinking that the South sent to Washington in a long-gone era.   So let's rise up against this thinking of us versus them, this  capitulation to a MAGA mom. We are better than this in this House of  Representatives, and it is time to honor this outstanding gentleman,  Judge Joseph Woodrow Hatchett, for his life of integrity, fairness, and  honor. He deserves so much more. But I hope we can all come together in  a unanimous vote for this outstanding American.    