 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that we can immediately consider H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act introduced by  the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Yvette Herrell, to ensure title 42  remains in place.   Mr. Speaker, since Joe Biden took office and started implementing his  radical open border policies, over 2.4 million illegal immigrants have  been apprehended at our southern border. We just had the highest number  of border encounters in the past 20 years--over 220,000 in March alone.   In FY 2022, CBP has seized hundreds and hundreds of thousands of  pounds of drugs and thousands and thousands of pounds of illicit  fentanyl, the leading cause of death for adults aged 18-45. What is  worse, over 40 people on the U.S. terrorist watch list were encountered  at our U.S. southern border. And just today, Secretary Mayorkas, when  asked if those individuals on the U.S. terrorist watch list had been  released into the United States of America, could not answer that  question. That should stun every American. It is unacceptable that the  Secretary of Homeland Security cannot answer a question about whether  those dangerous terrorists have been released into the United States of  America.   In fact, just yesterday, in previous testimony, Secretary Mayorkas  claimed that the Biden administration has ``effectively managed'' the  crisis at the southern border and delusionally believes that the  southwest border is somehow secure. Let me tell you something, Mr.  Speaker, the American people are smart. There is nothing effective  about this border crisis. No good management has come from the Biden  administration when it comes to the southern border.   This has been an invasion. Just look at the numbers. President  Obama's own Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, said 1,000  apprehensions a day would be a crisis. We are already at the 7,000  mark, and we could see upwards of 18,000 a day if title 42 is lifted.   I just came back with my colleagues on a congressional delegation  from Eagle Pass, Texas, from the Del Rio sector of our southern border.  This was a delegation led by Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy, hosted  by our colleague, Tony Gonzales, who has been such a tremendous voice  standing up for his constituents, particularly Border Patrol officers  and their families.   It was a somber day. Just hours before, our Border Patrol identified  the remains of Texas National Guardsman Bishop Evans. In fact, I had  the opportunity to go on the boat with the river Border Patrol  officers, the two individuals who actually identified the remains.   God bless Bishop Evans. God bless his grandmother who has laid him to  rest.   This is irresponsible of Joe Biden; and Joe Biden, Secretary  Mayorkas, and this administration must be held accountable.   We also spoke to ranchers, local leaders, and local elected  officials. They broke down in tears talking about the risks to their  livelihood and their families. One rancher told us, in fact, that his  children needed to carry pistols if they wanted to go outside and play  in their yard because they needed to protect themselves as droves of  illegal immigrants cross their property.   Do you know whom they blame, Mr. Speaker?   They blame Joe Biden, and they blame this administration who has  turned their backs on having a secure border. They have turned their  backs on the people, not just of south Texas but the people across this  country.   We also witnessed a processing facility where illegal immigrants were  given brand new iPhones--just released. I thought they were doing  facial recognition technology to run through a list. No. They were  doing facial recognition technology to hand the illegal immigrants  their cell phone paid for by U.S. taxpayer dollars.   This is a crisis. Every district across the country is a border  district and every State is a border district.    On top of that, we have seen flights in the middle of  the night relocating illegal immigrants to other States across the  Nation, including my home State of New York.   This current crisis is untenable. Our systems are well-beyond the  breaking point. The drug crisis caused by our porous border is reaching  every part of this country causing deaths in every congressional  district. Every Member of Congress needs to step up and secure the  border. Our colleagues across the aisle have had over a year to put  forth any bill to secure the border. They have failed to put forth any  single bill, and, now, because we are heading toward a November  election, they are honestly worried. And they should be, because the  American people are smart. They know this is a result of their failed  policies.    In my district in northern New York, I am proud to represent Border  Patrol officers who have been transferred over and over and over again  to the southern border. They are stepping up to do their job. They are  stepping up to address this catastrophe caused by Joe Biden.   House Republicans are going to be unified. We stand behind the PAUSE  Act to make sure title 42 remains in place, which is why we will oppose  the previous question.  [[Page H4589]]        