 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill,  the Wind River Administrative Site Conveyance Act which, if we get it  passed today by the House and signed into law, will provide enormous  benefits to the folks I serve in Skamania County, Washington.   This bill exemplifies a groundbreaking win-win agreement in a rural  county where so often locals' needs get completely trampled by the  Federal Government.   With this carefully negotiated solution, the Forest Service unloads  land that it no longer wants to manage, and the local community gains a  very valuable economic asset and resource.   In Skamania County, where 80 percent of the land is locked up by the  Federal Government, even more if you count the State-owned land, only  1.8 percent of the land in the county is taxed at full market value.   What does that mean?   It means that this has severely hindered the county's ability to fund  basic services that citizens rely upon, like roads and schools, and  police and fire protection.   The bill that I have introduced and that we are considering today is  simple. It would convey ownership of approximately 23 acres in the  former Wind River Nursery from the U.S. Forest Service to Skamania  County. It is important to note here that this proposal is supported by  Skamania County and by the Forest Service.   The Gifford Pinchot National Forest, which covers a majority of the  county, is currently facing tens of millions of dollars in deferred  maintenance.   By conveying the land to the county, the Forest Service will shed  that financial responsibility for these pieces associated with the  maintenance of buildings and facilities on the Wind River Nursery, and  by taking ownership of the land, Skamania County will develop  recreational, historical, and business opportunities that will draw in  tourism and critical revenue.   This is a win-win solution, and it will result in substantial  benefits to the folks who call Skamania County home.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to approve this important legislation.   