 Madam Speaker, Throughout our history, we have fought to  advance justice and extend the right to vote, to ensure every American  can freely and equally participate in our democracy. Chief Justice Earl  Warren, in the Supreme Court's Reynolds v. Sims (1964) opinion, wrote  that ``[t]he right to vote freely for the candidate of one's choice is  of the essence of a democratic society, and any restrictions on that  right strike at the heart of representative government.''   Even though top experts have repeatedly affirmed that the 2020  election was  [[Page H171]]  the safest and most secure in our Nation's history, Republican  lawmakers across the country unleashed a wave of anti-voter and  election sabotage laws, which experts predict will only intensify this  year, seizing on a defeated president's Big Lie about widespread voter  fraud. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, between January 1  and December 7, 2021, at least 19 states passed 34 laws restricting  access to voting.   The Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act responds to this assault on  our democracy. It includes two pieces of legislation vital to ensuring  every American has free, equitable, and secure access to the ballot-- the Freedom to Vote Act and the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement  Act, versions of which have previously passed the House last year. The  John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act also contains the Native  American Voting Rights Act, a bill critical to ensuring the United  States upholds its trust obligations and protects the voting rights of  Native Americans.   Under this legislation, every voter would be able to vote early or by  mail, and would have the option of registering to vote electronically  or in-person on any day of early voting or on Election Day. This  provides voters with a variety of options that better fit the lives  Americans lead in the 21st Century.   The legislation would also unrig the political system by ending  partisan gerrymandering. Gerrymandering may be the single biggest  contributing factor to the bitter polarization we see today--ending it  would be a monumental achievement.   In most states, redistricting is done behind closed doors allowing  the majority party to swing the outcome of upcoming elections, preserve  the status quo, and ensure years of noncompetitive elections.   The result is a troubling reality in which politicians choose their  voters instead of voters picking their elected officials. Sadly, we are  seeing this take place now in much of the country during this  redistricting cycle, which is giving new opportunities to many of last  decade's extreme gerrymanders.   This is not what our Founding Fathers intended. Furthermore, it is  counterproductive to a well-functioning democracy.   The Redistricting Reform Act, a bill I wrote and introduced for  several Congresses sought to address these unfair redistricting  practices. It was included as a component of the For the People Act,  which the House passed in this and last Congress, and it is included  again, in part, in this landmark piece of voting and elections  legislation, the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act.   The redistricting reforms in the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act  require that the congressional redistricting plans enacted during this  redistricting cycle, and going forward, are drawn using specific  criteria that, among other things, allow for coalition districts,  expanded Section two Voting Rights Act protections, and protection of  communities of interest.   The bill also sets out judicial remedies where states fail to comply  with the requirements of the bill, including a private right of action.   Importantly, the bill prohibits partisan gerrymandering, and in  response to the U.S. Supreme Court decision, Rucho v. Common Cause,  includes a clear standard for courts to apply in such cases.   Under section 5003(c)(3), plaintiffs may ask a federal court to  determine whether a state's plan has triggered a rebuttable presumption  that it materially favors or disfavors a political party. A court's  determination on whether to apply the presumption is intended to be  quick and straightforward. The bill includes a formula directing courts  to assess the partisan makeup of the new redistricting plan by  referring to a specific set of previous statewide elections.   Using the results of the partisanship assessment, a court must then  apply one or more standard quantitative measures of partisan fairness.  Currently, the only available measure that meets the description  provided in the text is the simplified efficiency gap, a well-known  measure in the field of political science. As confirmed by political  scientists, other existing quantitative measures do not qualify because  none of them calculate a benchmark share of seats based on a party's  share of the statewide vote and measure the difference between that  benchmark and actual expected seat share.   However, the study of how best to measure partisan gerrymandering is  evolving and the bill accounts for that: if a new measure that meets  the definition in the bill is created and becomes ``standard'' in the  field of political science, courts would be permitted to rely on that  measure when applying the rebuttable presumption test. Of course, any  non-standard measure that has been prepared principally for litigation  may not be used.   The rebuttable presumption test provides states with some leeway, and  it will not lead to invalidation of every state plan with a partisan  lean. A plan will be enjoined under section 5003(c)(3) only if, in 2 or  more of the 4 historical elections assessed, it results in partisan  advantage or disadvantage in excess of 7 percent or one congressional  district, whichever is greater.   The simplified efficiency gap may be measured using seat share or  percentage, which is why a plan may be measured by both the 7 percent  and 1 congressional district limit. To convert ``one congressional  district'' into a percentage applicable to a given state, a court must  simply divide the number 1 by the total number of congressional  districts in a state. Thus, in a state with 9 congressional districts,  the efficiency gap limit would be 1/9, or 11.11 percent. The 11.11  percent limit would apply because 11.11 percent is greater than 7  percent. However, in a state with fifteen congressional districts, the  partisan advantage limit set by the law would be 7 percent, because 1  district equals 6.66 percent of the state's 15 districts, and 7 percent  is greater than 6.66 percent.   Notably, the prohibition on partisan advantage ``in excess of' one  congressional district should not be read to exempt plans with a  partisan advantage falling between 1 and 2 congressional districts.  Looking at a state with 12 districts, a plan with a simplified  efficiency gap of 9 percent would trigger the rebuttable presumption  because 9 percent of twelve districts equals 1.08 districts.   These redistricting reform provisions in the Freedom to Vote: John R.  Lewis Act would have a significant impact both in mitigating this  decade's gerrymandering and in helping to ensure the racial fairness of  maps by eliminating partisanship as a defense for skewed maps.   