 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I  appreciate it.   I am very pleased, Madam Speaker, that today the House will have the  opportunity to vote on this important bipartisan legislation. It is an  unusual circumstance to have a bill that has such broad bipartisan  support.   I know many of my colleagues have worked on many different aspects of  the bill that we are going to consider and vote on today. I am honored  to be an original cosponsor of this bill, along with my good friend  from Michigan, Congresswoman Dingell, who spoke earlier.   All of us, I think, around the country, especially in rural America,  saw the impact of COVID on the ability of our constituents to get the  treatment that they need. We first began working on legislation to  expand telehealth capabilities more than 2 years ago, following the  onset of the pandemic.   In Wyoming, we have long known how important it is for citizens to be  able to take advantage of the technology that exists today, how crucial  telehealth services are in allowing all of our citizens to interact  with their doctors and their other healthcare providers, and we saw  this, in particular, during the pandemic.   We know it is vital that Medicare adapt to the ever-changing  innovation in medical technology that allows telehealth services, and  this legislation really will expand freedom for patients by giving them  more flexibility and more capability to use telehealth services.   Specifically, the legislation removes geographic requirements, and it  expands originating sites so that Medicare beneficiaries can receive  care at any site. It can expand the practitioners who are able to  furnish telehealth services, and it also provides for audio-only  telehealth.   I am very pleased that this extension through 2024 was fully paid for  using the Medicare Improvement Fund, and the CBO has shown that it will  not increase direct spending.   Madam Speaker, in Wyoming, especially, we know how important this is,  how important telehealth access is. Many of our citizens live hours  away, hundreds of miles away, from their closest medical provider. I am  very proud that this bill has the support of the Wyoming Hospital  Association, in addition to the American Medical Association and a  number of other crucial groups whose mission is to serve patients and  provide quality care.   While I know we in this body will continue to have legitimate and  important ongoing policy debates about  [[Page H7192]]  healthcare, there is, as I said, broad bipartisan agreement for  expanding access so that all of our citizens can receive high-quality  care. That needs to continue to be a top priority. This bill does just  that by allowing more Americans to utilize telehealth services.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle for  joining me in advancing our bill to this point, and I urge all Members  to vote in favor of this legislation so more citizens can connect and  receive care from the medical professionals of their choice.   