 Madam Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for  yielding, and let me add my appreciation to Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro and  Ranking Member Granger and admit that the world now sees this every day  in American newspapers and around the world: the pillage, the  desperation, the violence, and the death of women and children in  Ukraine, the worst humanitarian crisis that we have seen in a century  and the absolute outrage of the killing machine that Putin is and the  terroristic acts. He is a war criminal.   I rise today to support H.R. 6968 and to thank my friend from Texas  (Mr. Doggett) for joining us together to be able to move forward on  language that works to hold Russia accountable for its invasion of  Ukraine by denying its preferential trade treatment and seeking to  remove it from the World Trade Organization.   This legislation bans Russian energy imports and suspends  preferential trade treatment with Belarus. I was at the border of  Belarus as it was hosting 30,000 to 40,000 Russian troops and its  reckless attitude of incarcerating and detaining its own political  opposition. The head of Belarus is no better.   The President receives the ability to further increase tariffs on  Russian or Belarusian goods. Congress is empowered to disapprove any  Presidential decision to restore normal trade relations or to remove  the import ban.   It further closes yet another avenue for Russian participation in the  world economy by revoking most-favored-nation status dealing with  exports as well as its participation in world trade and denying Belarus  membership.   Further, with this ban on Russian energy imports, Americans will no  longer be contributing to Putin's most violent actions. He is a war  criminal. He is killing children.   Let me also rise in support of H.R. 2471. I call it working Americans  response act. It is an appropriation that deals with healthcare and  education. It deals with climate change, and it also deals with  responding to the needs of the American people.    Madam Speaker, it additionally responds to the  potential of those that are facing domestic violence and sexual assault  with the Violence Against Women Act that I led and had passed in this  House just a few months ago.   So let me say that this is a job well done to all of those who have  been working but let us do this in a bipartisan manner.   The people of Ukraine cry out in pain. Russia is now brought to its  knees. Let's make sure that Vladimir Putin never stands on the world  stage again.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  6968, the ``Suspending Energy Imports From Russia Act.''   I support this legislation because it demonstrates the commitment of  the United States in assembling and leading an international coalition  of the world's leading nations to ensure that all nations refuse to  recognize the illegal invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation and  to ensure that the Russian Federation is held accountable and sustain  maximum economic damage from the imposition of sanctions as a  consequence of its utter disregard for international law and norms.   Specifically, H.R. 6968 bans the importation into the United States  of Russian crude oil and certain petroleum products, liquefied natural  gas, and coal.   Last year, the U.S. imported nearly 700,000 barrels per day of crude  oil and refined petroleum products from Russia so this step will  deprive Russia of billions of dollars in revenues from U.S. drivers and  consumers annually.   The bill also bans new U.S. investment in Russia's energy sector,  which will ensure that American companies and American investors are  not underwriting Vladimir Putin's efforts to expand energy production  inside Russia.   Finally, the bill bans Americans from financing or enabling foreign  companies that are making investment to produce energy in Russia.   The Russian ruble is now worth less than a penny and has hit an all- time low after losing almost half of its value since Putin announced  his further invasion of Ukraine.   By isolating Russia's Central Bank and cutting off the largest  Russian banks from the international financial system, Russia has been  disarmed his war chest of foreign reserves and left Putin to soften the  blow of our sanctions.   U.S. and allied export controls are impacting industrial production  in Russia, Russian commercial aviation, and other key sectors of the  Russian economy.   The United States and governments all over the world are going after  Putin's cronies and their families by identifying and freezing the  assets they hold in our respective jurisdictions--their yachts, luxury  apartments, money, and other ill-gotten gains.   The United States strongly supports efforts to assist Ukraine to  defend its territory against military aggression by the Russian  Federation and by separatist and paramilitary forces.   Ukraine was the second-most populous and powerful of the fifteen  republics of the former and disintegrated Union of Soviet Socialist  Republics and the hub of the union's agricultural production, defense  industries, and military arsenal.   In the three decades since gaining its independence, Ukraine has  sought to forge its own path as a sovereign state and sought closer  economic, social, and political ties with the free market and  democratic nations of the West.   Since 2013, the Russian Federation has undertaken a campaign of  political, economic, and military aggression against Ukraine, including  the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, a civilian airliner,  by Russian-backed Ukrainian separatists using a Russian-made missile  taking the lives of all 298 innocent persons on board.   In February 2014, the military of the Russia Federation, without  merit or cause, invaded  [[Page H1402]]  the eastern part of the free and independent country of Ukraine,  including the Crimean Peninsula, and backed a separatist insurgency in  the Donbass region in eastern Ukraine, where fighting has killed over  14,000 people.   The United States, a strategic ally of Ukraine, reacted swiftly to  the Russian invasion, condemning the military action in strong and  bipartisan fashion, and providing military, humanitarian, and non- military financial assistance to the determined but beleaguered nation  of Ukraine, which since 2014 has totaled approximately $1.5 billion.   On September 14, 2014, the House of Representatives adopted H. Res.  726, a resolution supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to  freely determine their future, including their country's relationship  with other nations and international organizations, without  interference, intimidation, or coercion by other countries, and  committed itself to solidarity with the people of Ukraine.   Interference and unprovoked aggressions by the Russia Federation  ordered and led by Vladimir Putin continued unabated, including the  mobilization and stationing of 150,000 Russian troops surrounding  Ukraine and armed forces positioned in Belarus to attack Ukraine from  the north, including war planes and offensive missile systems, and the  movement of Russian naval vessels in the Black Sea to Ukraine's south,  including amphibious assault ships, missile cruisers, and submarines,  and the positioning of blood and medical equipment into position on  their border.   Vladimir Putin sought authorization from the Russian parliament to  use military force outside of Russian territory by staging a fraudulent  on-camera meeting of his Security Council to grandstand for the Russian  public and by recognizing sovereign Ukrainian territory as so-called  independent republics in clear violation, again, of international law,  all of which was intended to set the stage for further pretexts and  further provocations by Russia Federation to make further aggressions  against Ukraine by military action.   Vladimir Putin rejected every good-faith effort the United States and  its allies and partners made to address mutual security concerns  through dialogue to avoid needless conflict and avert human suffering.   On February 23, 2022, the Russia Federation military, at the  direction of Vladimir Putin, began a premeditated brutal assault on the  people of Ukraine without provocation, without justification, without  necessity, making outlandish, false, and baseless claims that Ukraine  was about to invade and launch a war against Russia and that Ukraine  was prepared to use chemical weapons, and that Ukraine had committed a  genocide.   These actions were taken by Vladimir Putin at the very moment that  the United Nations Security Council was meeting to stand up for  Ukraine's sovereignty to stave off invasion, culminating in missile  strikes on historic cities across Ukraine, followed by air raids and  the invasion of Russian tanks and troops.   Mr. Speaker, through this legislation the United States strongly  condemns and opposes the unprovoked invasion and egregious act of  aggression against sovereign state of Ukraine by the Russian  Federation, the most provocative and destabilizing act of foreign  aggression since the 1938 invasion of the Sudetenland by the Third  Reich led by Adolph Hitler.   This legislation visits the costs of the unprovoked aggression and  invasion ordered by Vladimir Putin, the authoritarian head of the  Russian Federation against the sovereign nation of Ukraine on the  Russian economy.   The United States is strongly committed to the sovereignty,  independence, and territorial integrity of Ukraine.   I ask all members to join me in voting for H.R. 6968 to support the  right of the people of Ukraine to freely determine their future,  including their country's relationship with other nations and  international organizations, without interference, intimidation, or  coercion by other countries.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on  the Judiciary, Homeland Security, and the Budget, I rise in support of  the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2471, the  ``Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022'' which provides funding for  federal government operations for the remainder of this fiscal year-- through September 30, 2022--and prevents a wasteful and irresponsible  shutdown of the federal government.   The Consolidated Appropriations Act includes all 12 appropriations  bills that fund the federal government through the end of Fiscal Year  2022, as well as urgently needed supplemental appropriations.   The legislation includes $13.6 billion in emergency funding for the  courageous people of Ukraine, to support their security and  humanitarian efforts as they struggle to survive and battle against the  invading Russian army.   I am particularly pleased that the Consolidated Appropriations Act  specifically includes $24,435,000 for Community Funding Projects in  Houston that will directly help my constituents and enable all Houston- area residents to benefit from quality-of-life improvements.   The provisions of the omnibus spending act that resulted from my  requests for Community Funding Projects include:   $1,500,000 for the Port of Houston Authority to begin a sedimentation  study concurrent with the deepening and widening of the Houston Ship  Channel in coordination with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.   $975,000 for the City of Houston Police Department to enable  employment of nine (9) crime victim advocates via the BYRNE Justice  Assistance Grants Program who will help the department provide a  trauma-informed response for victims of violent crimes.   $1,060,000 for the Houston Independent School District to construct  ``The Vison'' Community Statue and Community Project on the historic  Booker T. Washington High School campus.   $3,000,000 to the City of Houston for two revitalization projects of  cultural assets: construction of the Bethune Empowerment Center and the  East End Facility for Latino Arts (Talento Bilingue de Houston).   $9,950,000 to help Harris County prevent flooding by providing funds  for the Stormwater Detention Basin and Culvert Improvement project, and  its operations.   $1,950,000 for Jacinto City for Northeast Water Mains & Fire Hydrant  Improvements, to replace aging water and delivery infrastructure to a  large portion of Jacinto City's residential and business districts.   $1,000,000 for the Houston Independent School District for Project  Engagement, an initiative to provide social and emotional learning  services to high-needs students, including social and emotional  learning supports.   $2,000,000 for Houston Community College to fund a Regional  Resiliency Operations Center (RROC) for program development, training  and certification of disaster and mitigation professionals.   $1,000,000 for community mental health treatment and support services  to the Fifth Ward Community Redevelopment Corporation in Houston to  establish a juvenile justice diversion program that identifies gaps in  services and provides resources for families and their children who  were involved in the criminal justice system.   $2,000,000 for Texas Southern University in Houston to fund  facilities and equipment for its Urban Public Health Initiative--Health  Professions Education and Workforce Development and Health Facilities  Construction and Equipment Program.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2471,  the ``Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022''.    Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on  the Judiciary, on Homeland Security, and on the Budget, I rise in  support of the rule governing debate for H.J.R. 75, the ``Extension of  Continuing Appropriations Act,'' which provides funding to continue the  operations of the federal government through March 15, 2022 and avoids  a wasteful and irresponsible shutdown, and also the underlying bill.   The House, led by the Democratic majority, did its job, passing 10 of  the 12 appropriations bills earlier this year but Senate Republicans  failed to hold a single markup of appropriations bills, making it  necessary to pass this Continuing Resolution to avert a shutdown that  would only further damage our economy.   Throughout the 117th Congress, House Democrats have worked to deliver  results for the American people, passing legislation to address each  pillar of the ``For The People'' agenda: lower health care costs,  higher wages by rebuilding America, and cleaning up corruption and  strengthening our Democracy.   And under the leadership of Speaker Pelosi, the House has passed  hundreds of bills, including legislation to crush the COVID-19  pandemic, build our economy back better, lower health care and  prescription drug prices, raise wages, advance economic and retirement  security, end gun violence, act on the climate crisis, protect  Dreamers, and strengthen voting rights.  [[Page H1414]]    For example, in this Congress the House has passed and sent to the  President the following legislation that has been signed into law:   1. H.R. 1799, Paycheck Protection Program Extension Act:   This legislation extended the Paycheck Protection Program application  deadline for two months through May 31, 2021 to help struggling  businesses keep workers employed during COVID-19.   2. H.R. 1276, SAVE LIVES Act;   This law ensured that more veterans, their families, and caregivers  got access to COVID-19 vaccines in a timely manner.   3. S. 937, COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act:   This law addresses the dramatic increase in hate crimes targeting the  AAPI community since the start of the pandemic. This law designates a  point person at the Department of Justice to review hate crimes related  to the COVID-19 pandemic, bolsters state and local governments to  improve their reporting of hate crimes and ensures that hate crime  information is more accessible to Asian American communities.   4. S. 475, Juneteenth National Independence Day Act:   This law established the first federal holiday in 38 years to  formally recognize Juneteenth National Independence Day and commemorate  the end of slavery in the United States.   House Democrats have also worked to advance critical pieces of  legislation, which await action in the Senate:   1. H.R. 1, For The People Act;   This comprehensive legislation would promote government transparency,  strengthen access to the ballot box and make it easier for Americans to  exercise their right to vote, secure election infrastructure, and curb  the influence of dark money in politics.   2. H.R. 5, Equality Act;   The Equality Act would codify consistent anti-discrimination legal  protections for LGBTQ Americans by amending several existing civil  rights laws to include explicit non-discrimination protections in key  areas of life.   3. H.R. 6, Dream and Promise Act:   The Dream and Promise Act would protect Dreamers, Temporary Protected  Status (TPS), and Deferred Enforced Departure (DED) status holders from  deportation and provide an opportunity to obtain permanent legal status  that would enable these groups to work legally within the United States  and continue to contribute to their local communities and economy.   4. H.R. 7, Paycheck Fairness Act:   This bill would strengthen labor protections around equal pay by  prohibiting the use of salary history to set compensation, provide more  transparent options for joining class-action lawsuits challenging  systemic discrimination, and require employers to show that gender pay  gaps are job-related and consistent with business need.   5. H.R. 8, Bipartisan Background Checks Act and H.R 1446, the  Enhanced Background Checks Act:   These bills would modernize federal laws around gun sales. The former  would close current loopholes that allow buyers to purchase guns  without a background check in certain venues, while the latter would  prevent gun sales from going through before background checks are  completed.   6. H.R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act:   This bill, which House Democrats also passed in the 116th Congress 30  days after the murder of George Floyd, will address racial bias in  policing, ensure accountability for police brutality and misconduct,  and work to change the culture of law enforcement to promote better  relationships with the communities they serve.   7. H.R 3684, INVEST in America Act:   This bill is a comprehensive five-year surface transportation  reauthorization and water infrastructure package that would make long- overdue repairs to our nation's roads, bridges, rail, and transit. The  bill would also ensure clean, safe drinking water and address our  nation's aging wastewater infrastructure.   8. H.R. 842, Protecting the Right to Organize (PRO) Act:   This bill aims to strengthen labor protections for union workers  through overriding Republican-led ``right to work'' laws, promoting  free and fair union elections, and holding companies that attempt to  restrict union activity accountable.   9. H.J. Res. 17, Removing the Deadline for Ratification of the Equal  Rights Amendment:   This resolution would remove the deadline for ratifying the Equal  Rights Amendment in order to enshrine women's equality in the  Constitution.   10. H.R. 1620, Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act:   This long-overdue legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against  Women Act passed the House with bipartisan support. It would  reauthorize funding to vital grant programs that help prevent  sexual assault, domestic violence, and improve access to resources for  victims and survivors.    11. H.R. 3237, the Emergency Security Supplemental to Respond to 1/6  Appropriations Act:   This bill provides $1.9 billion in funding to secure the U.S. Capitol  Complex and ensure the brave men and women of the U.S. Capitol Police  have the resources they need to do their jobs. The legislation responds  to the direct costs incurred by the National Guard and DC police on  January 6, provides funding to improve the security of windows and  doors in the Capitol complex, and secures funds to improve Capitol  Police training and equipment.   12. H.R. 3005, Legislation to #RemoveHate from the Capitol Building:   This bill would remove statues of those who perpetuated and supported  slavery and segregation in this country, along with statues or busts of  those who served voluntarily in the Confederate States of America, from  public display in the U.S. Capitol.   13. H.R. 1603, the Farm Workforce Modernization Act:   This bipartisan bill would stabilize the agriculture industry's labor  supply by reforming the H-2A guest worker program and creating a  pathway to citizenship for agricultural workers, many of whom worked  through the pandemic.   14. H.R. 51, the Washington, DC Admission Act:   This bill would admit Washington, DC as the 51st state in the Union  and end the injustice in denying nearly 700,000 citizens the right to  be represented fully in Congress. It would also end the unjust practice  of treating District of Columbia residents differently when allocating  government resources or relief.   15. H.R. 3985, ALLIES Act:   This bill would increase the visa cap and expedite the visa process  for Afghan allies who worked alongside American military personnel,  diplomats, development professionals, and partner forces, to help  ensure they make it safely out of harm's way.   16. H.R. 803, Protecting America's Wildness and Public Lands Act:   This comprehensive bill would conserve and protect natural landscapes  across America, designating over 1.5 million acres of public land as  protected wilderness and withdrawing significant amount of public land  from drilling and mining activities to promote a healthier environment.   17. H.R. 2467, the PFAS Action Act:   This bipartisan bill would improve the safety of Americans' drinking  water by requiring the EPA to set a drinking water standard, prevent  the future release of PFAS chemicals into our bodies of water, and  start the process of cleaning up affected communities.   18. H.R. 256, Repeal of the 2002 AUMF Against Iraq:   This bill, which passed with bipartisan support, would repeal the  2002 Authorization of Military Force Against Iraq.   19. H.R. 1230, the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination  Act:   The bipartisan Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act  restores protections for older workers that were weakened in a 2009  Supreme Court ruling that made it harder for older workers to prove  age-based discrimination in the workplace.   20. H.R 2662, the Inspectors-General Independence and Empowerment  Act:   This bill seeks to promote government transparency and accountability  by ensuring the independence of federal inspectors general, allowing  government watchdogs to act freely without fear of political pressure  or threats. It would also protect whistleblowers from threats of  retaliation by making it a violation of House rules for Members to  reveal their identities.   In addition, three Congressional Review Act resolutions have been  signed into law, overturning dangerous rules put in place by the Trump  Administration:   1. S.J. Res. 13, a CRA overturning an EEOC rule to address  discrimination in the workplace;   2. S.J. Res. 14, a CRA addressing dangerous methane emissions; and   3. S.J. Res. 15, a CRA to protect against predatory lenders.   These along with many, many others are among the bills awaiting  Senate action.   Mr. Speaker, our colleagues across the aisle have in both chambers  have been obstructive, dilatory, petulantly uncooperative throughout  the first session of the 117th Congress.   Nowhere was this more apparent than the refusal of the majority of  Republican members in the House voted 175-35 against H.R. 3233,  legislation modeled after the 9/11 Commission establishing a National  Commission to Investigate the January 6 Attack on the United States  Capitol Complex Act.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for H.J.R. 75, the ``Extension of Continuing Appropriations  Act.''   