 Mr. President, in a moment, I will ask unanimous consent  to confirm Executive Calendar No. 1204, the nomination of Jessica  Looman, of Minnesota, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour  Division, Department of Labor. Ms. Looman's nomination was favorably  reported out of the Senate HELP Committee on November 29 with a strong  bipartisan vote of 13 to 9.   Jessica Looman has very capably served as the Principal Deputy  Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division since January of 2021. In  recognition of her excellent service, Ms. Looman was nominated to  permanently lead the Division at the Department of Labor, and I can't  think of a better candidate.   I have had the opportunity to know and to work with Jessica since  2011. Jessica is from St. Paul, MN. She is a longtime labor leader,  attorney, and lifelong champion of workers. In addition to being a  strong advocate for working people, she is also thoughtful and  innovative and fair. She has led executive agencies and has wide  experience working with diverse stakeholders. I am confident that she  will be a fair and pragmatic Administrator as she enforces some of our  Nation's most important labor laws, including laws governing minimum  wage, overtime, and child labor.   This role that she will serve in has a direct impact on working  people, like the waitress who should be protected from a boss who  steals her tips, like the building trades carpenter or laborer who has  the right to earn the prevailing wage that can support their families  when they work on a Federal project, and like the worker who has the  right to earn overtime and isn't being paid for the hours they work.   At a time when we have seen child labor abuses at meatpacking plants  in Minnesota and auto suppliers in Alabama, it is critical that we have  strong oversight and enforcement to protect children from abuse.   Ms. Looman's values are rooted in upholding the dignity of work and  supporting hard-working Americans. In all of the time I have known her,  she has approached issues with a keen desire to understand both sides  of an argument and to find fair solutions that both sides can accept.  This is why she is respected by both labor and employers, first in  Minnesota and now in her work at the U.S. Department of Labor. Ms.  Looman has built this reputation because she is reasonable and builds  consensus even when it is difficult and there are real differences to  bridge.   Ms. Looman will be a strong, fair Wage and Hour Administrator for  workers and for employers across the country. For this reason, I urge  my colleagues to support her nomination and to allow this request to  move forward.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, as in executive  session, the Senate consider the following nomination: Calendar No.  1204, Jessica Looman, of Minnesota, to be Administrator of the Wage and  Hour Division, Department of Labor; that the Senate  [[Page S7818]]  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; and that,  if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.   