 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer a straightforward  amendment to H.R. 3967, the Honoring our PACT Act, which would simply  ensure toxic-exposed veterans have access to mammography screenings.   I would like to begin by thanking my colleague from Iowa,  Congresswoman Miller-Meeks, for coauthoring this amendment which is  based on her outstanding bill.   As chair of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I  very much want to see the gentlewoman's good bill advance, which is why  I am offering this amendment today.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, the conditions related to toxic exposure  manifest themselves in many ways and on many different timelines. The  incidence rate of breast cancer in women veterans is 20 to 40 percent  higher than the incidence rate of breast cancer among nonveteran women.  From 2000 to 2015, the VA saw the number of women diagnosed with breast  cancer increase by five times for women ages 45 to 65. This is partly  due to better screening, but still more can be done, particularly  related to those who have been exposed to toxic substances.   Ensuring that veterans have access to lifesaving screening for breast  cancer cannot depend on the time after separation from the military and  must simply depend on whether a veteran served in a place where they  were exposed to toxins.   This amendment, based on the SERVICE Act, directs the director of the  Department of Veterans Affairs to provide mammogram screening for  female veterans who served in areas associated with burn pits and other  toxic exposure. It also directs the VA to submit a report to both the  Senate and House Veterans' Affairs Committees 2 years after enactment  that compares the instances of breast cancer among members of the Armed  Forces.   Women veterans who served in areas with high toxic exposures should  not have to wait until they start showing symptoms or reach a certain  age to access preventative mammography screenings.   This is why I am proud to join Congresswoman Miller-Meeks in offering  this lifesaving amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on each side?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), who is the great chair of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee and who has worked diligently on this very, very  important bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support mammography  screenings for toxic-exposed veterans and vote ``yes'' on this  amendment.   I would also like to say that we must pass this bill today, a bill  that will finally, finally, bring justice to our veterans and provide  our commitment and promise that we made to our veterans who served our  country, both men and women. So this bill is long, long overdue.   Men and women sign up for the Armed Forces. They know they may have  to put their lives on the line. They did not know that they may die of  toxic exposures.   This bill is long overdue. We need a ``yes'' vote on the amendment  and a ``yes'' vote on the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   