 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Mental  Health Matters Act. I thank Representative DeSaulnier for his  leadership and for yielding. I thank Chairman Scott, as well, for  making this important issue a priority in the committee.   In the fall of 2020, pediatric experts declared a national state of  emergency in children's mental health. Our Nation's students continue  to face significant and serious challenges with social, emotional, and  mental health. We must meet them where they are by providing evidence- based treatment and support so they can learn and thrive.   This timely legislation provides needed resources and will greatly  improve the behavioral health of children and school staff by building  a pipeline of school-based mental health service providers. I want to  mention the Ballmer Institute, which is going to be opening soon in  Oregon for that very purpose.   Because stress can affect the developing brain, this bill invests in  Head Start to address the mental and behavioral health of young  children and to support staff wellness. Importantly, the bill will also  support students with disabilities beyond their high school education  by including my bipartisan bill, the Respond, Innovate, Succeed, and  Empower Act, or RISE Act.   Students with disabilities face many barriers to earning a degree or  credential after high school. Without the proper accommodations,  students with disabilities complete college at a lower rate than their  peers without disabilities. Less than 5 percent of students with  disabilities disclose their specific learning disability to their  college because of stigma. Currently, students are required to obtain  expensive and expansive new evaluations before they can access special  education services in college. This onerous process poses additional  unnecessary barriers to success for students with disabilities.   The RISE Act is bipartisan legislation that aims to provide students  with disabilities with affirmation, comfort, and peace of mind during  their transition from high school to college by allowing college  students to use existing documentation of a disability--whether it is  an IEP, 504 plan, or another type of commonly recognized  documentation--when seeking accommodations on campus.    My bipartisan, bicameral RISE Act will make it easier for students  with disabilities to access the support services they need by easing  the burdensome, expensive, and redundant requirements students  frequently face when entering college. This action alone could save  families hundreds, even thousands, of dollars.   I thank my co-leads, Representatives Bucshon, Schrier, and McMorris  Rodgers, for supporting the RISE Act, Chairman Scott for including the  RISE Act in this important mental health package we are discussing  today, and Speaker Pelosi and Leader  [[Page H8237]]  Hoyer for bringing the Mental Health Matters Act to the floor.   By considering this legislation, we are showing a commitment to  serving our Nation's most vulnerable students and making our schools  and colleges safer and more welcoming places to learn.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to support the important Mental Health Matters Act.   