 Madam President, I have asked to be recognized this  afternoon to speak to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.   As we all know, the current situation is that it is pretty tough  right now. Russia has amassed more than 100,000 troops on or close to  Ukraine's border and may be planning to launch a full-scale invasion  within a matter of days. And this follows, of course, their illegal  seizure of the Crimean Peninsula back in 2019 and a hybrid war in the  Donbas that has been going on now for over 8 years.   As a Senator from Alaska--the State that is clearly most proximate to  Russia--we are all too familiar with Russia's aggressive tactics. They  routinely fly near our airspace. They sail through our waters. They  test our defenses and reactions.   In August 2020, a flotilla of Russian warships and military aircraft  encroached into our EEZ, our exclusive economic zone, there in the  Bering Sea. They repeatedly harassed our fishermen, forcing them to  leave their waters from which their very livelihood flows. The  fishermen were shocked, I mean, just stunned with what they saw, and  they literally left millions of dollars of fisheries' assets out on the  line.   Provocative actions, and we felt that provocation. They are  disturbing. They are alarming. But there are also some perhaps smaller,  maybe symbolic actions that can also be a little unsettling. It was  several years ago now that we were at an Arctic conference, and the  Russian delegation gave me a diplomatic gift at a conference that  featured maps showing Alaska back as part of their territory. Maybe  they thought it was funny; I did not take it as such.   What is happening on the Ukrainian border is something else entirely.  It is impossible not to be rattled by what we are seeing, worried by  where it could lead.   But I think we recognize in this body what we need to do, what we  need to focus on. We need to turn these concerns into resolve, and that  resolve needs to lead to action. I know that there are many in this  Chamber working very, very hard--and I thank them for that--working  toward a sanctions package.   The bipartisan goal is to deter both--to deter Russia from invading  Ukraine but also to impose severe sanctions if that happens. And I know  that the joint effort has perhaps stalled out right now, but,  hopefully, the two sides and the White House will come together to  finalize it.   I believe it is an imperative that we have a united front on this  matter. A united Congress on the matter of sanctions, I think, is a  powerful message in and of itself.   If we can bring a sanctions package to the floor, I am going to be  asking colleagues to consider two additions to that: one, to restrict  imports of Russian seafood and a second related to Russian energy.   So with respect to seafood, Russia has had an import ban on American  seafood since 2014--since 2014. Most Americans don't know that Russia  responded to U.S. sanctions imposed after their annexation of Crimea by  banning U.S. seafood imports, among other goods, at that time. So that  has been in place all these many years.   And it is absolutely unfair that Russia has unlimited access to sell  its seafood in the United States, while America's fishermen and our  seafood processors, particularly those in my State of Alaska, have no  access to markets in Russia. So this embargo either needs to end or we  need to incorporate reciprocal measures.  [[Page S690]]    And when it comes to energy, we simply do not need U.S. dollars to be  financing Russia's territorial aggressions, especially--especially-- when we have everything that we need here at home.   There is a lot to understand about the crisis in Ukraine: how Russia  is undermining the international order and disrupting well-established  global norms, how the potential for an invasion threatens not just  Ukraine but European and global security, how an invasion could lead to  catastrophic escalation and enormous loss of life, and how this  situation impacts the United States, whether we want to involve  ourselves or not, and how a diplomatic solution still exists if Russia  chooses such a path.   What I want to focus on today are two aspects of this crisis that  have received less attention so far. And the first is how an invasion  could destabilize the Arctic as part of a far-reaching wave of  secondary impacts. And the second is the role that poor energy policy  has played in actually strengthening Russia's hand.   Now, I have come to this floor many, many times to talk about the  importance of the Arctic. The United States is an Arctic nation because  of Alaska. We rely on the region for everything from energy, minerals,  seafood, shipping, national defense. And we have always worked--we have  always endeavored to keep the High North as a region of peace, an area  where geopolitical challenges are often compartmentalized in favor of  collaboration and partnership. You need to work hard in remote,  isolated, cold, dark places. You need to work together.   So my concern today, as we are talking about Russia and Ukraine, is  for the ripple effects that an invasion could have in the Arctic. I am  worried that it will derail much of what we have been able to  accomplish in the region and make it hard or impossible for the United  States to trust and work with Russia in the region.   I am also worried about what Russia's brinksmanship means for our  friends in the Arctic. Certainly, if I were Finland or Sweden, I would  be looking over my shoulder right now. This is the type of crisis that  could convince them to join NATO.   At the same time, however, I certainly respect those nations' rights  and discretion to choose their alliances carefully, and discussions  about them should include them. I also fear for the health of the  Arctic Council, the leading governmental forum promoting cooperation in  the Arctic. Last year, I had an opportunity to join Secretary Blinken  in representing the United States at the Council's biannual  ministerial. It was at that time that Iceland transferred the gavel to  Russia, which is chairing the Council through May of 2023.    I think it was important that Secretary Blinken attend this event in  person to reaffirm the role of the United States in this important  governing body, but attending the meeting did more than that. Convening  in the Arctic provided an opportunity for Secretary Blinken to meet for  the first time with his Russian counterpart. While there, the two  diplomats agreed that while our countries have differences, the world  would be safer if we worked together where our interests intersect. One  of those areas is the Arctic, and we need to be able to continue to  work together in that region.   It is interesting to note that with all the ongoing diplomatic  discussions between the United States and Russia playing out in places  like Geneva and Paris, the first time this administration discussed the  topic of troop movements on the Ukrainian border with Russia in person  was on the sidelines of the Arctic Council ministerial in May.   There are very few places in the world that a meeting like this would  be politically palatable for either country. Yet, for decades, the  Arctic has provided a place for the United States and Russia to convene  even when we have our differences. All you need to do is look back to  1986, the Reykjavik Summit between President Reagan and Premier  Gorbachev. Inside a small, little house in a small Arctic country, the  leaders of the two biggest powers convened and nearly agreed to ban all  ballistic missiles. That meeting in Iceland paved the way for nuclear  forces treaties and the eventual end of the Cold War.   But the situation we face today begs the question, what will become  of our relationship with Russia in the Arctic if they move forward with  war against Ukraine?   Last week, I participated in a virtual meeting of the Arctic  Parliamentarians. This is a group composed of members of Parliaments  and Congresses of the eight Arctic nations. I have been representing  the United States on the Standing Committee for years and years,  decades now. These are all of the Arctic countries, including Russia,  of course. But the purpose of this body is to promote regional  cooperation, and, as was the norm at our meetings, we focused on things  that are impacting the people in our region. This past week's meeting  was no different. We focused on COVID impacts, mental health,  environmental issues, and Arctic infrastructure. While the growing  security issue was not raised, it was kind of an unspoken shadow.   I throw this out there because I know that while I think about the  Arctic every day, I can guarantee you that the Arctic is not top of  mind for most on Capitol Hill. It took us nearly a decade to secure  funding for a new icebreaker, which won't be put to sea for another 5  years, all while Russia launches a new one every year.   I want the Foreign Relations and the Armed Services Committees to pay  more attention to the Arctic and to look to the region as both a  strategic asset and a diplomatic tool. We often talk about how valuable  this region is, but it can only be useful if we use it. I am afraid  that sometimes we just overlook or we neglect its importance, and I  think it is time that we change that.   Now, another aspect of the situation that I mentioned at the onset of  my comments here is the issue of energy. It certainly deserves  discussion when we look to Europe's energy policies, which have only  served to weaken their ability to respond to Russia's aggression. This  is a crisis for many countries in Europe, but I think it is also a  timely warning for us here in the United States.   Europe imports about 40 percent of its natural gas and 27 percent of  its oil from Russia. The Nord Stream 2 Pipeline would only add to that  total, while sidelining Ukraine as a key transit point, and  therein lies the problem. Europe is already heavily dependent on Russia  for energy, but they are doubling down. Their needs are particularly  acute in the depths of winter, and that has perhaps undermined some  European nations' willingness to respond to Russian aggression.    I would suggest that the Biden administration is putting us on a  similar path when it comes to our oil and gas. If they continue to shut  down domestic resource production, we cannot magically shift to  renewables and do this overnight. What will happen is, we will become  more dependent on others for our supply. We have already seen some  signs of this happening--perhaps not directly the fault of the Biden  administration but, instead, the thinking that it has embraced.   Look at California. California's foreign oil imports--their foreign  oil imports--have risen significantly over the past 30 years as  production in their State and especially Alaska has declined. For the  last 3 years, the United States has actually imported more oil from  Russia than we were allowed to produce in Alaska.   So why--why--would we choose to forgo the jobs and revenues from  domestic energy production to instead send our dollars to Russia and  others? It is beyond me, and so are the actions the Biden  administration has taken over its first year or so in office, which  have been explicitly designed to limit production from States like  Alaska even further.   They shut down Federal oil and gas leasing for months, with an eye  toward making that permanent until the courts intervened. They have  refused to implement the law when it comes to the 1002 area of ANWR.  They are taking millions of acres out of leasing in our NPR-A. They  have stalled projects and rejected pipelines, which, of course, are the  safest and cleanest ways to move energy to where it is needed. As  energy prices have risen, the Biden administration has gone to OPEC to  ask them to just produce more.   Just as our allies and partners around the world realize they need  and  [[Page S691]]  they want our energy, the administration has halted Federal investment  that helps facilitate overseas LNG terminals.   I have suggested that the President and his team really ought to be  thankful that the provisions in Build Back Better that target the  domestic oil and gas industry did not go through because they would  have only made the situation worse.   If there were ever a moment for energy realism, it is right now. The  Biden administration and many here in Congress need to recognize the  immense benefits of American resource production here at home and for  the rest of the world, and they need to see clearly the immense  consequences of refusing to allow those activities to proceed.   I will just add one further point here. If Russia can leverage Europe  on Ukraine over natural gas, China can do the same to the United States  on Taiwan over minerals. We are deeply, deeply dependent on China, and  they are well aware they can inflict massive economic consequences by  cutting off our access to a range of raw materials and components.   We have to address this weakness through every option we have  available to us. We certainly have opportunities in my State of Alaska  for mines and mine access projects to help address this very real  situation with our minerals.   None of us know exactly what will happen in Ukraine. We pray for  deescalation. We take some solace from the continuation of diplomatic  talks. But almost no one believes Russia is just going to walk away.  All I can think is that we have to find ways to make it not worth it  for Russia. Every little bit we can do to make this painful for Russia  to prevent the loss of life, to punish this behavior, to call out its  unwillingness to be a responsible global actor--all we can do at this  point is necessary.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   