 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of my  legislation, H.R. 7606, the Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act.   Congress cannot shy away from addressing the urgent economic  challenges that face our local communities  [[Page H5623]]  and our entire country, and that challenge continues to be inflation.  We know how rising prices, consolidation across industries, and supply  chain challenges are impacting America's families, businesses, and  seniors, and as lawmakers, our job is to listen to the people we  represent and then respond with legislation that can help solve those  problems.   Indeed, this package, the Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act, is just  that. It is a compilation of bills put together by lawmakers who are  responding to their constituents. I have heard from the other side of  the aisle that, in fact, it would have been nice if we came together in  a bipartisan way. So I would note that my colleagues on the Republican  side of the aisle from Iowa, Arkansas, New York, Nebraska, Ohio,  Illinois, South Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota,  Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, Illinois, Illinois, Iowa, Tennessee--it  feels like I am practicing State capitals with my fifth grader-- Nebraska, Illinois, Kansas, Colorado, Nebraska, South Dakota, Illinois,  Iowa, Nebraska, Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Iowa,  Missouri, Indiana, Kentucky, Minnesota, Illinois, Nebraska, South  Dakota, Iowa, Iowa, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Indiana, Minnesota, Iowa,  Nebraska, Florida, Wyoming, Virginia, Minnesota, each of these are  individual Members of Congress from the Republican side of the aisle  who are leading on this issue.   In fact, two of the bills in this package are led by our Republican  colleagues, and I am proud that I have joined with Congressman Dusty  Johnson in support of the bipartisan Butcher Block Act. I am proud to  be his co-lead as he leads that important piece of legislation. It is a  commonsense step toward allowing American processors the ability to  expand their operations, launch a new business or just make sure they  are keeping--    Mr. Speaker, this is the first step towards lowering  meat prices, but in addition to increasing processing capacity for  American cattlemen and poultry producers, we need to go after  anticompetitive practices in the meat industry.   That is why I am proud that this package also includes the bipartisan  Meat and Poultry Special Investigator Act. The bill would establish a  special investigator at USDA to investigate violations of our existing  antitrust laws that have been on the books for more than 100 years, and  I thank Congresswoman Miller-Meeks for co-leading this effort.   This bill has broad bipartisan support and bicameral support. So I  thank Senator Jon Tester, Senator Grassley, Republican; Senator John  Thune, Republican; Senator Hoeven, Republican; and Senator Rounds,  Republican, for joining with us in pushing this bill forward. It has  support from the U.S. Cattlemen's Association, and this bill is  responsive to the needs of the people I represent because the Virginia  Cattlemen's Association supports this bill, as does the National  Farmers Union.   Americans want lower meat prices both now and in the future. They  want lower gas prices and to make biofuels accessible to more  Americans. We have the opportunity to do that. I urge my colleagues to  support this package.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk made in  order by the rule.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of my amendment to include the American Food Supply  Chain Resiliency Act in H.R. 7606, the Lower Food and Fuel Cost Act. I  thank Congressman Anthony Gonzalez of Ohio for his partnership on this  bipartisan legislation.   Supply chain disruptions are impacting the operations of businesses  in Virginia and across the country, leaving shelves empty and driving  up prices for consumers. For crop and livestock producers, as well as  agribusinesses, the current disruptions are a threat to their  livelihoods and their ability to deliver high-quality products at an  affordable price while still making ends meet.   Meanwhile, Americans are suffering from rising food prices at grocery  stores, dollar stores, and restaurants. Rising inflation makes trips to  the grocery store more and more stressful as the price of staple items  like meat, eggs, and vegetables rise, sometimes going up monthly, even  weekly.   Americans have shared the experience of going to the grocery store-- we all have--picking up our favorite food items that we have purchased  for years and thinking, well, this is more expensive than last week. My  husband and I were just talking about this issue over the weekend as we  changed our own shopping list because of it.   Few products are more essential than the foods we eat. Farmers,  particularly small- and medium-sized producers, have been left out of  investments that are meant to mitigate supply chain challenges, and  that has meant it is getting more difficult to get products from the  farm to the market and, finally, to the table.   While big companies have the budget to invest in supply chain  innovations, research, and experts, small- and medium-sized producers  are paying higher prices than ever for fertilizer, fuel, shipping, and  other input costs.   When farmers pay more to produce food, all Americans pay more at the  [[Page H5630]]  grocery store. That is why we must empower USDA to do more to resolve  farmers' and food businesses' supply chain challenges. We must be  prepared.   To address these concerns, I was proud to lead the bipartisan  American Food Supply Chain Resiliency Act. This legislation would  establish supply chain regional resource centers through cooperative  agreements with the Agricultural Marketing Service at USDA.   These resource centers would offer locally tailored coordination,  technical assistance, and grants to small- and medium-sized producers  and agribusinesses, leading to stronger supply chains. This bill would  also expand the great work of the Agriculture Innovation Program to  include research and support on supply chains.   By establishing supply chain regional resource centers, this bill  would provide additional support to family farmers and food businesses  trying to deliver their goods at a lower price for consumers. These  centers would help local producers get through lean years, obtain the  inputs they need, and address challenges related to transportation  costs, labor, and high energy prices.   In fact, USDA has already taken similar steps to build collaboration  across sectors of local and regional food supply chains through  regional centers. Our bipartisan legislation would support and build on  these centers, as well as make sure they are a wise, tailored  investment with a clear mission and fair reporting requirements.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support our bipartisan bill.  Once again, I thank Congressman Gonzalez for his partnership.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   My colleague on the other side of the aisle mentioned that this bill  will not provide immediate relief, and I concur. This bill is not meant  to provide immediate relief. The amendment before us would plan for the  future and would recognize that we face disruptions in our supply  chain, and frequently, when we do, it is our farmers and producers who  are impacted, particularly smaller and medium-sized producers like  those in our districts.   This bill, this amendment to the larger bill, is an issue of planning  for the future, recognizing disruptions that may come, and being able  to proactively plan for such challenges.   It is unfortunate that the gentleman feels that they were left out of  the process, but I am heartened that the scope of concern relates to  the process and not the underlying amendment.   This amendment is about long-term planning. It is about ensuring that  our smaller and medium-sized producers and agribusinesses have the  technical assistance, the support, and the coordination that they will  need to weather challenges in supply chain disruptions that may occur  today, 10 years, 20 years, 30 years into the future.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   There is no disagreement that across America's regions and across our  commodities, our Nation's farmers and ranchers have gotten the short  end of the stick, particularly when it comes to rising input costs as a  result of supply chain bottlenecks and inflation.   The Lowering Food and Fuel Costs Act and this amendment take crucial,  commonsense steps toward addressing these challenges, both now and into  the future, planning for a future where we can be proactive,  continually so, and ensure that small and targeted investments from  USDA today can have impacts on small- and medium-sized producers'  ability to get food to market and improve their bottom lines.   At the same time, these investments should also lead to lower food  prices for Americans at the grocery store, convenience stores, and  restaurants.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. I look  forward to working with my colleague across the aisle to receive  additional, very specific feedback on how we can make some of these  provisions stronger, better with that input into the future.   Today, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the amendment in front  of us and, ultimately, ``yes'' on the underlying bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.  [[Page H5631]]        