 Madam President, first of all, I want to thank Senator  Van Hollen for his incredible work over the years and his leadership  both in the House and in the Senate. And thank you for taking on this  fight and working so hard to expose the bright light of truth and  transparency about what is happening around secret money.   And I want to thank Senator Whitehouse for his dogged focus on the  issue of secret money influencing elections. Thank you for all of your  wonderful work, and to all of our colleagues who have joined us on the  floor and to all of my Democratic colleagues, all of whom are  supporting the DISCLOSE Act.   The Members of this Chamber have a choice to make, and it is really  pretty simple: You can be on the side of the American people or you can  be on the side of the rich and powerful.   We can pass the DISCLOSE Act, let the public know what is happening,  put limits around it, stop all of this; or you can vote against it and  vote with the powerful and the wealthy.   The DISCLOSE Act is going to keep our elections in the hands of  voters, not the highest bidders. That is really the bottom line. And  you don't have to look very far for examples of why we need to pass  this legislation.   Colleagues have all been talking today about, stunningly, how a  conservative group has received a $1.6 billion donation from a single  donor--one man, $1.6 billion; and one mission--one mission--to put his  finger on the scale of our democracy.   If you don't think that guy isn't going to have an undue influence on  our elections in the coming years, then I have a bridge across the  Straits of Mackinac I would like to sell you.   And this very rich man isn't alone, unfortunately. As my colleagues  have said, in 2006, there was less than $5 million in dark money spent  on our elections--5 million. Then, in 2010, the Supreme Court handed  down its Citizens United decision, which opened the floodgates, and it  didn't take long for the water to rise. In 2012, more than $300 million  was spent in secret money--dark money--in elections, and in 2020, more  than $1 billion was spent in dark money in elections. And now we know,  in 2022, that we have one person who has already given $1.6 billion to  try to influence this election.   If you laid those billion-dollar bills end to end, they would extend  around the Earth nearly four times--extend around the Earth four times.  That is how much we are talking about here, and we don't even know  where all this anonymous spending is coming from.   But we do know this, and Senator Wyden--Chairman Wyden--spoke  earlier. When we took on Big Pharma to lower prescription drug prices,  not one Republican voted yes. When we took on Big Oil to lower energy  costs and attack the climate crisis, not one Republican voted yes. When  we took on corporations that pay zero in taxes, not one Republican  voted yes.   The American people deserve to know why. How much dark money is  coming in from those powerful interests to protect their profits?   Dark money could also be coming from foreign actors who wish to harm  our country.   What has been reported, though, again, is that dark money is coming  in from one really rich guy--one really rich guy who wants to make our  Nation a little bit more toward his liking.   American voters deserve to know who is spending huge--huge, huge-- sums of money to influence our democracy. And under the DISCLOSE Act,  they will know that. It will strengthen the foreign money ban to make  sure foreign actors can't influence our elections. It requires  corporations and other groups to disclose their donors. Right, left,  Democrat, Republican: Disclose your donors.   And it expands disclosure requirements to online ads and other types  of ads as well. As for all of those campaign text messages that are  blowing up your phone, you deserve to know who is sending them.   These changes are popular. They are common sense, and they are really  important. They are really important if we think America deserves to  know who is influencing our elections. It is time to make sure our  American democracy actually works for the American people.   Again, the Members of this Chamber have a choice to make: We can  stand with the American people or we can stand with the rich and  powerful. Democrats have made that choice. I have made that choice. We  stand with the American people who just want a fair shot to work hard  and get ahead. Americans want to know that this is their democracy and  that it works for them, not just a few rich people.   I urge my colleagues to support the DISCLOSE Act.   I yield the floor.   