 Madam Speaker, I rise to ask unanimous consent to call  up H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans from Biden's  border crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that we can immediately consider my bill, H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act,  which prevents the introduction of new COVID cases, as well as other  infectious diseases, from our land and sea borders with Canada and  Mexico.   This was the very first bill I introduced when I came to Congress,  and recent events have proved it to be the most important ever.   Just this week, The New York Times warned readers to prepare for a  new wave of COVID. We also can prepare for a new wave of migrants,  about 18,000 a day, when they take title 42 away.   The Biden administration has consistently advocated mandates,  masking, lockdowns, and other extreme measures on our American  citizens. Yet, they ignore the single biggest danger for the new wave  of COVID to ravage America: unvetted, untested illegal aliens who are  allowed to flood our southern border, unhindered.   The Biden border crisis has exploded after 1 year under this  President. His administration demonizes the men and women of Border  Patrol and ICE, refuses to enforce immigration law or enhance border  security, and allows hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants to  disappear into the mainland without vetting.   There were 165,000 encounters at our southern border in February, and  we are on track to hit 2 million in fiscal year 2022.   Despite this clear and present danger to the people of the United  States and the integrity of our borders, the Biden administration still  seeks to throw away the few tools available to fix the situation, like  remain in Mexico and title 42.   Title 42 has been an effective containment and mitigation strategy,  resulting in the reduced introduction of COVID-19 into the U.S. from  outside our borders, by making it easier to turn away illegal aliens  traveling from or through countries with continuing COVID cases.   My PAUSE Act would keep title 42 in place until: All State and  Federal mandates, requirements, and limitations related to COVID end;  all public health emergencies for COVID are over; and the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention reduces the traveler health risk level  for Canada and Mexico to level 1, which they are currently level 3.   Eliminating title 42 at this point is reckless and harmful to our  national security and our communities. It will lead to more illegal  immigration, more drugs, and more hardship on everyday Americans.   I urge my colleagues to support the PAUSE Act, preserve title 42, and  stand up to protect both the health and borders of the American people.   