 Mr. President, I rise today, along with colleagues, to  look back at a year ago, January 6, 2021--I wish this was actually a  bipartisan coming together today--a horrible, tragic day in our  Nation's history.   But it is not enough to look back. We also need to look at what is  happening today because the threats against our democracy didn't go  away when those black metal fences came down. Some of these threats  against the democracy have found fertile soil right in this very  Chamber.   January 6, 2021, will go down in history as one of the worst days our  Nation has ever faced. It was disturbing. It was frightening. It was  enraging. I know that I will never, ever forget it. Many people who  were working here that day still carry scars. Some can be seen, and  some can only be felt.   The Capitol Police, the DC Police, the National Guard members, our  other first responders, Capitol staff who were there that day are  really heroes, and they deserve our thanks and our continued support.   What we all witnessed that day was nothing less than a violent  insurrection against the very seat of our democracy and our American  form of government. It was sparked by a big lie, concocted by a  political loser, and fueled by a network of his supporters.   So let me take a moment to remind everyone that Donald Trump lost the  2020 election fair and square. In my home State of Michigan, in the  middle of a pandemic, more people voted than ever before, 5\1/2\  million people. And Michigan voters clearly and resoundingly chose Joe  Biden to be our President and Kamala Harris to be our Vice President.   But instead of accepting defeat gracefully, like every other  President in our history, Democrat or Republican, Donald Trump claimed  that the election had been stolen from him. No one likes to lose an  election. I have done both, winning and losing. It is not fun. But the  election was not stolen from him.   But this Big Lie has fueled the entire movement, people who will stop  at nothing, including deadly violence, to undermine our Constitution  and our country. They attacked our Capitol a year ago today, on January  6. They will use and incite violence to disrupt future elections if  they feel they need to.   And now, they are organizing on the State level to challenge the  rules and take away people's freedom to vote. And tragically, our  colleagues across the aisle are standing by and allowing this  continuing attack on our democracy. We should be standing together,  Democrats and Republicans, saying no to this assault on our  Constitution and our country.   Republicans said the right things that day. The senior Senator from  South Carolina said, soon after the riot, that he was humiliated and  embarrassed for our country and that Trump should ``count him out.''  But a few short weeks later, Trump counted him in for 2 days of golf  and dining at Mar-a-Lago.   And then there is the Republican leader. He said that the January 6  rioters were ``fed wild falsehoods by the most powerful man on earth  because he was angry he lost an election.'' He added that Trump was  ``practically and morally responsible for provoking the events of the  day.'' And he was right.   Then the Republican leader and the majority of Republicans voted no  on impeachment. They opposed a bipartisan commission to investigate the  events of January 6. They blocked three bills to protect our freedom to  vote, and they endorsed a Senate candidate who agrees with Trump that  the 2020 election was stolen from him.   In total, 147 Republican Members of the House and Senate--147--voted  to overturn the results of the 2020 election. And a number of those  eight Republican Senators still won't admit that Joe Biden is our duly- elected President.   Why am I focusing on this?   Because our country has reached a critical crossroads: either we are  going to come together as Americans, defend our democracy, and look  back on January 6 as a painful low point in our Nation's history, or we  can turn our power to a mob that is willing to do anything and say  anything to dismantle our democracy and destroy--    I would be happy to.    Mr. President, let me just conclude by saying that  either we are going to come together as Americans, which I hope and  pray we do, to defend our democracy and look back on January 6 as a  painful low point in our Nation's history or we can turn over power to  a mob that is willing to do anything and say anything to dismantle our  democracy and destroy this grand experiment called America.   The January 6 insurrection tried to overthrow our Capitol, and their  sidekicks in suits and ties are trying to overthrow our elections. Just  as we shored up our security here to protect the people's House, we  need to upgrade our election laws to protect people's freedom to vote.   Today is a day to remember, to be grateful for all of those who  risked and lost their lives to protect us, to be grateful for all of  those who stood up for democracy and continue to stand up every single  day. Today is a day to be grateful that we live in this great democracy  called America, and it is a day to reconnect ourselves to protect our  freedoms for our children and our grandchildren.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   