 Madam Speaker, it is a profound honor to be the  Congresswoman from Oakland County standing here this evening with my  colleagues from the Equality Caucus recognizing and celebrating Pride  Month.   Gay rights. Nonbinary rights. Lesbian rights. Trans rights. Trans  students' rights. Bisexual rights.   You are seen. You are loved. And you belong.   We say rights because your rights are indeed human rights. Gay rights  are human rights and human rights are gay rights. And in the plight to  end discrimination, the words ring out that were spoken in the Michigan  State House chamber just recently by a self-proclaimed straight, White,  married, Christian, suburban mom, Mallory McMorrow, who declared very  loudly for the Nation to hear that hate won't win; that we will not  stand for those who do not seek to govern, who do not seek to tackle  gun violence, to marginalize already marginalized people.   We speak the words of the only openly gay State senator from  Michigan, Jeremy Moss, who rightly pointed out that it was not the  trans community that stormed the Capitol on January 6. Oh, no.   We celebrate our milestones in Michigan. We celebrate our significant  individuals who are making history today: My friend, Amanda Shelton,  running to be the first lesbian to serve on the Oakland County Circuit  Court, joining our first openly gay Oakland County Circuit judge, Jay  Cunningham.   We have Dana Nessel, our attorney general, the first openly gay  State-wide elected individual.   In my own office, we have John Martin as head of the LGBTQ Staff  Association, hailing from Grosse Pointe, serving in my office.   Pride Month is a proclamation. It is a self-affirmation. It is a  bolstering of our friends in the LGBTQ community, and it is a  bolstering of a movement we are still pushing for.   Yes, it is joy. Yes, it is love. Yes, it is the declaration that love  will be louder than your hate. We celebrate pride. I invite all of you  to join us in Michigan to do so because no pride event is bigger or  bolder than the place that I call home, whether we are marching in  Detroit or marching in Ferndale, where people are free to be  themselves.   Ferndale, Michigan, the home of affirmations, decades and decades of  LGBTQ rights, right here in Oakland County, Michigan. From Oakland  County to the Halls of Congress, I speak these words.   Harvey Milk reminds us: It takes no compromise to give people their  rights. It takes no money to respect the individual. It takes no money  to end political division and to give people freedom, and it certainly  takes no survey to remove repression.   It takes Pride Month to love louder. It takes Pride Month to remind  us how we will overcome. It takes Pride Month to remind and to push to  end harassment and discrimination that, yes, have seeped into the Halls  of the Congress; where on the Committee on Education and Labor, I had  to take a committee vote to vote ``no,'' because a colleague who I  serve with and vote with here said that if we are going to do mental  health on college campuses, we should strip the protections for the  LGBTQ community. That took place in the year 2022.   But our love is louder this Pride Month. Our love is certainly louder  and ringing, with my friend, Congressman Cicilline, through his great  leadership in Rhode Island to my friend, Chris Pappas in New Hampshire,  to my friend, Ritchie Torres from New York--history-makers in their own  right.   Troy Perry, the reverend: The Lord is my shepherd and he certainly  knows I am gay.   Together, we celebrate, we recognize, we overcome, and we continue in  the pursuit for gay rights in this country.   