 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my Amendment No. 45  that would prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from altering the  designation of uranium as a critical mineral until completing a report  assessing the effects of a loss of domestic uranium production. The  Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of Energy  and Commerce, is to conduct the assessment of the national security  impact of removing uranium from the list and submit a follow-up report.  The U.S. Geological Survey, which updates the critical minerals list  every three years, published its revised methodology in May noting that  ``Fuel minerals, including uranium, were explicitly excluded from  consideration in this analysis.'' Removing uranium from this list, as  the Biden Administration is proposing, is another effort to cave to the  whims of environmental groups. The impact of this is not exclusive to  national security. Domestic uranium production has almost completely  idled and foreign state-owned entities have increasingly become the  source of uranium for our reactors. Keeping it as a resource on the  list will go a long way to restoring and securing American uranium  production.   As we produce less energy at home, our national security enterprise  is forced into further reliance on our adversaries for critical  resources, emboldening them and weakening our global standing as they  attempt to undermine our interests. The United States requires U.S.- origin uranium and nuclear technologies for use in the production of  uranium-based products for U.S. defense systems, critical to national  defense for the purpose of nuclear weapons and the naval fleet,  providing propulsion for 11 aircraft carriers and 70 submarines. The  Chinese are buying up mining operations across the globe. Removing  uranium from the critical minerals list would be a dangerous and  misguided decision as it is a vital component to both our national  security and energy security. As China and Russia utilize their state- owned enterprises for energy dominance, we must endeavor to leverage  our own resources for geopolitical security. This bill is fundamentally  flawed and will not be more competitive or secure. However, the  inclusion of this amendment would mark a sincere step in addressing  diverse challenges to our national security. I urge adoption of my  amendment and the Republican amendments en bloc.   