 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia for  yielding me time.   H.R. 2954 includes the text of the RISE Act, a bill that I am proud  to lead with Chairman Scott of the Education and Labor Committee.   This bill was born out of true bipartisan collaboration, and I am  pleased at the progress we have made with our colleagues across the  aisle.   Hardworking Americans deserve the opportunity to save for a secure  future, yet too many workers aren't putting anything towards their  retirement nest egg.   By removing the red tape tying up job creators and providing  incentives for workers to save more, this legislation will strengthen  and modernize America's retirement system, so our Nation's workers,  retirees, and employers are better served.   It truly is a much-needed step in the right direction. Practical  solutions like the RISE Act and H.R. 2954 are a win for job creators,  workers, and our Nation's economic future.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes''.   Madam Speaker, I would like to inquire if the distinguished chairman  of the Education and Labor Committee would be willing to engage in a  colloquy with me about the matter of furnishing paper ERISA disclosures  to participants and beneficiaries.   I yield to the chairman.    I thank the chairman.   Madam Speaker, the underlying bill includes an imperfect provision  requiring retirement plans to provide a paper statement annually.   The bill also directs the Department of Labor to revise its 2002 and  2020 safe harbor regulations to conform with this requirement.   While I support the bill, I have serious concerns about this blunt  provision which would undermine DOL's 2002 and 2020 e-delivery safe  harbor regulations. Participants in plans have been relying on the 2002  safe harbor regulations for nearly 20 years.   The Committee on Education and Labor has dedicated considerable time  to this issue. I do not consider this a settled matter, and I will  continue to engage with my House and Senate colleagues to find a  workable solution that simplifies and modernizes the disclosure  requirements for retirement plans.    I yield to the gentleman from Virginia.    Madam Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman for  his willingness to continue working on this issue together.   Again, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill.   