 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  S. 231, the Protecting Firefighters from Adverse Substances Act or the  PFAS Act.   PFAS are a group of human-made chemicals that have been manufactured  since the 1940's and can be found in a wide range of both consumer and  industrial products, including firefighting foam and firefighter  turnout gear. These chemicals are sometimes known as ``forever  chemicals'' due to their widespread use, persistence in the  environment, and a molecular structure that makes them very difficult  to break down. There is growing evidence that PFAS are linked to  adverse health outcomes including liver damage, thyroid disease, and an  increased risk of cancer.   While we still have much to learn about the health risks associated  with prolonged exposure to PFAS, work is underway to better understand  the exposure pathways of PFAS and to develop alternatives to these  chemicals. The Department of Defense, the National Institutes of  Standards and Technology, and the Federal Aviation Administration all  conduct research on PFAS-free firefighting foam or PFAS-free fighter  gear.   This promising work is vital to reducing the release of and exposure  to PFAS but more progress is needed. Until PFAS-free alternatives are  widespread, we must do everything we can to protect those who are  exposed to PFAS in the course of their job and to limit the release of  PFAS into the environment. S. 231 directs the Administrator of the  Federal Emergency Management Agency to develop guidance for  firefighters and other emergency response personnel on best practices  to protect them from exposure to PFAS and to limit and prevent the  release of PFAS into the environment as well provide resources that  identify PFAS-free alternatives for firefighting gear and equipment.  This guidance would be developed in consultation with other federal  agencies conducting research on PFAS-alternatives as well as a wide  range of stakeholders including firefighting and emergency response  personnel, communities dealing with PFAS contamination, fire training  academies, manufacturers of firefighting tools and equipment, and  voluntary standards organizations.   This bill is an important step to protecting our first responders  from exposure to harmful chemicals. It has already passed the Senate  with bipartisan support and today I urge my colleagues to join me in  passing the bill here in the House and sending it to the President.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3825,  led by Senator Cornyn in the Senate, to name a Post Office in Arlington  in honor of my dear friend, former Congressman Ron Wright, who was  sadly taken from us last year as he served his second term as a member  of this body.   Congressman Wright had a passion for public service. He served as the  District Director and Chief of Staff to another dear friend of mine,  former Congressman Joe Barton, before stepping into the spotlight and  utilizing the valuable experience he gained in local government to be  the face of the federal government to hundreds of thousands of North  Texans residing in Tarrant, Ellis, and Navarro Counties. He worked hard  as a staffer and member to be a positive force and ensure bills passed  in Congress that he believed would benefit the constituents of the  Sixth Congressional district of Texas, regardless of politics or party  affiliation.   Having a Post Office named after Congressman Wright in Arlington,  where he's spent so much of his life, from attending the University of  Texas at Arlington to serving on the Arlington City Council, is a  fitting way to honor the life and legacy of a public servant who has  meant and done so much for his community. I urge my colleagues to  support this legislation so President Biden can sign this into law.   