 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 3969,  the ``Protection and Advocacy for Voting Access Program Inclusion Act''  which would remedy a specific situation to ensure that citizens who  have the right to vote can do so without having to worry about  barriers.   Voting is a fundamental right that belongs to ALL citizens of the  United States. In 2002, former President Bush signed into law the Help  America Vote Act of 2002, also known as HAVA, to upgrade aspects of  states' election procedures. It amended state plans and reporting,  accessibility, and voting system standards.   While the Help America Vote Act of 2002 intended to accomplish voter  accessibility and encouraging voting across the nation by addressing  the accessibility issues most United States citizens face, it failed to  cover the entire population adequately.   Specifically, HAVA did not address the needs of certain nonmainland  territories, ultimately resulting in certain communities being unable  to participate in the foundational right that our democracy is built  on.   The Northern Mariana Islands and American Indian Consortium have  limited accessibility in voting, as they are not currently protected by  the HAVA.   The Protection and Advocacy for Voting Access Program Inclusion Act,  also known as PAVA Inclusion Act, aims to amend the Help  [[Page H8235]]  America Vote Act of 2002 by introducing the State Definition  initialized in the Development Disabilities Assistance and Bill of  Rights Act of 2000 which allows the Help America Vote of 2002 to cover  Northern Mariana Islands citizens.   Additionally, this bill seeks to establish a system to serve the  American Indian Consortium, granting them protection under the HAVA act  in a similar manner to a State as mentioned prior.   With these two communities protected by PAVA, they will now receive  the much-requested grants that will enable them to meet the voting  needs of their citizens. With these grants, systems will be able to  overcome voter obstacles such as any language barriers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Congressmembers to vote in support of  the PAVA Inclusion Act. Without the PAVA Inclusion Act, eligible voters  residing on the Northern Mariana Islands and in the American Indian  Consortium are faced with unsurmountable challenges in exercising their  rights to vote.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California for  his enormous leadership, and I thank the sponsors of this legislation  for their hard work.   It is always baffling to me, as I have spoken on the floor of the  House and served in this Congress, how colleagues can look a crisis in  the face and run head-on as a locomotive, smashing the solution,  speaking ill about those who need and are suffering, and that is what  we are hearing today.   I am very glad to rise in support of the Mental Health Matters Act,  H.R. 7780, and I hope some of my friends on the other side of the aisle  will recognize that we are the problem-solvers. We are not the bomb- throwers. We are not supposed to be looking at every solution, and  because it comes from somebody of a different party, we want to fight  them for it.   I know what happened during the pandemic. I was out in the community  doing testing and vaccinations. I talked to parents about online  learning, those who didn't have access to broadband, and I knew what it  did to the children.   Why? Because children view schools and their daily activities as  their work. Adults go to work; children go to school. It builds their  confidence, their sense of esteem, their friendships, lifelong  friendships. That was all undone because of the pandemic.   Do you know what else we did? We saved lives. If we had continued in- school learning, we would have lost thousands of children and their  families.   We must repair what was broken, not because we broke it but because  there was a pandemic. So, this legislation provides grants to build a  pipeline of school-based mental health service providers, more nurses  in the school. It directs the Department of Education to award grants  to State agencies to develop more school-based mental health providers.  It requires institutions of higher learning to let incoming students  with existing documentation have access to disability resources and  creates a grant program I am most excited about, increasing student  access to treatment of evidence-based trauma. They experienced trauma.   Add to that trauma the families in Uvalde that I visited on Monday  who are still crying with the pain of the loss of their children.   It is clearly a bill that we should accept, and it is a bill that I  support enthusiastically, Mr. Chair, the Mental Health Matters Act,  H.R. 7780.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Mental Health  Matters Act requiring certain federal actions to increase access to  mental and behavioral health care.   H.R. 7780 creates various grants to support the behavioral needs of  students and youth, invest in the school-based behavioral health  workforce, and ensure access to mental health and substance use  disorder benefits.   This includes increasing the number of mental health professionals  serving in high need public schools and increasing students' access to  evidence-based trauma support.   For institutions of higher education, they will be required to  increase transparency around the accommodations process and allow  students with existing documentation of a disability to access  disability accommodations.   The capacity of the Department of Labor will be strengthened to  ensure that private, employer-sponsored group health plans provide  mental health and substance use disorder benefits.   H.R. 7780 will also plan to hold employee-sponsors accountable when  they are improperly denied mental health and substance use disorder  benefits.   The Coronavirus pandemic and opioid epidemic have only exacerbated  our nation's mental health needs.   The COVID-19 pandemic has been associated with mental health  challenges related to the morbidity and mortality caused by the disease  and the impact of stay-at-home orders.   Adults reporting symptoms of anxiety disorder and depressive disorder  increased considerably in the United States during April through June  of 2020, compared with the same period in 2019.   Children are also not being spared from the mental health impacts  from COVID-19.   In a study of about 1,500 teenagers, 7 out of 10 kids reported that  they were struggling with their mental health in some way.   The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration hotline  for people in emotional distress registered more than a 1,000 percent  increase in April 2020 compared with the same time last year.   These life changing events have left our children, students, workers,  and families grappling with traumas caused by factors outside of their  control.   Too many Americans make the perilous choice of self-medicating when  they feel that they've run out of other options. We cannot protect our  Nation's health or help communities recover if we do not strengthen our  mental health care system.   Mental illness has long received too little attention from policy  makers and public health advocates who too often reflect upon and  stress the importance of physical health insurance, taking little note  of the importance of mental health coverage.   Therefore, Congress must take the lead in reforming mental health  care options as our current system abandoned too many Americans in  their time of personal crisis.   As a frequent cosponsor of mental health legislation and Legislator  of the Year for the National Mental Health Association, I am proud to  support the Mental Health Matters Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and sponsors of  the bill for their hard work. Let me say, the reason is obvious why I  rise in support of H.R. 3843, the Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act  of 2022.   Does anybody know the word ``consumers''? Do I need to spell it out  on the floor of the House?   Ultimately, mergers, in many instances, have a detrimental impact on  consumers, either by way of cost or loss of services. Read the history  books.   Does anybody know that in years past there were opportunities for  many, many flights across America? The aviation industry has been  changed by mergers. That is a prime example.   This particular legislation updates the filing fees that merging  parties may pay to the Federal antitrust enforcers. It requires merging  parties to disclose any subsidies from countries or entities that are  strategic or economic threats to the United States.   The people of the United States are consumers, Mr. and Mrs. Jones  walking and working every day to make ends meet.   As Democrats have done in the Inflation Reduction Act and the  reduction in healthcare costs and insulin costs, we are bringing down  fees. But there is something about justice that is involved in this, as  well.   We strongly support this. And the National Association of Attorneys  General and every single State attorney general wrote a letter urging  Congress to pass the bill's amendments to the multidistrict litigation  statute ``as soon as possible so that our citizens benefit from more  efficient, effective, and timely adjudication of antitrust actions.''   Merging fees are to provide the extra resources that are needed, and  the administration feels that to vigorously enforce the antitrust laws,  the DOJ and the Federal Trade Commission need the resources to do their  job.   And, again, who do we represent but the people of the United States?   Who are they? Consumers.   What happens when mergers come?   Lack of services, lack of opportunity, lack of a more fiscally  responsible commercial scheme, if you will, so that they can get  resources, goods, and services without having enormous expense.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 3843 because this  helps consumers, and it brings justice to this system. This is a bill  that is long overdue, and I thank those who sponsored it.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8982, which  amends the Harmonized Tariff Schedule to suspend tariffs on the imports  of formula base powders that are used to manufacture infant formula in  the United States.   The reason why this bill is so important can best be demonstrated by  conversations that I had at the height of the baby formula shortage  earlier this year.   This past spring, 40 percent of baby formula stock that is normally  available nationwide was not available in stores.   Practically the entire country was alarmed at this because so many  American families rely on baby formula, and even among those who don't,  virtually every American knows some family with a young child.   As the founder and Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, the  needs of women, families, and children are my consistent priority, and  the unavailability of baby formula amounted to a crisis.   To address the shortage, in May, I hosted a baby formula give-a-way  event in my TX-18th district of Houston.   At the event, I witnessed first-hand the struggles faced by mothers  in need. Constituents came to me with open arms and gratitude for the  opportunity to receive baby formula that they couldn't find in stores.   Many families described the stress and anxiety of not being able to  properly nourish their infant children since baby formula was nowhere  to be found locally or online.   Infants are put at risk of physical and mental impairment without  proper nourishment.    The legislation we are voting on today will dramatically increase  the availability of formula so that children are no longer at risk of  these problems.   By suspending tariffs on base powders for infant formula this bill  would enable us to boost the domestic production that is necessary to  get infant formula back on our shelves in sufficient quantity  nationwide.    The renewed, consistent output and distribution of baby formula  would ameliorate the nationwide short supply of these essential  products that was amplified by pandemic-related supply chain issues.   In response to these shortages, the Food and Drug Administration  exercised selective enforcement of base formula regulations to amend  the importation of safe infant formula from other countries.   Earlier this year, Congress passed the Formula Act, which lifted  steep tariffs on baby formula until the end of this year.   While this alleviated the immediate shortage and parents began to  find baby formula in stores, the Formula Act only suspended tariffs on  infant formula itself and not the ingredients necessary to make it,   There are still high tariffs on infant formula base powders, a key  foundational component necessary for making baby formula products.  [[Page H8267]]    This is an issue that needs to be addressed now because if we do not  have the key components that are needed to make infant formula, then  the current tariff suspensions we have are of no use in the long run.   It is imperative that we eliminate any obstacles in the way of  getting formula back onto the shelves and in the hands of parents  everywhere.   Tariffs are set in place to protect our trade but with the health of  our country's infants at risk, ensuring that baby formula is easily and  consistently available in stores must always remain a priority.   