 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Grijalva and  Ranking Member Obernolte, as well as Majority Leader Hoyer and others,  for working to bring this and several other commonsense bills serving  Indian Country to the floor today.   Though I think most folks are already in the holiday cheer, it was  just a couple of weeks ago, in November, that we celebrated Native  American Heritage Month.   Last November, we were able to consider a number of bipartisan Tribal  bills under suspension of the rules in recognition of this  commemorative month and in honor of Tribal communities across this  country.   We must not only recognize and commemorate Native Americans, but we  must act in Congress to reaffirm Tribal sovereignty, Tribal self- determination, and our own trust responsibilities to the Tribes.   So, even though we are a couple of weeks off this time, I am thrilled  that we could again dedicate House floor time to Tribal nations and  communities. It is my hope that we can continue this tradition in the  118th Congress and beyond.   I stand here today in support of S. 314, the Klamath Tribe Judgment  Fund Repeal Act. As Chair Grijalva noted, and Representative Obernolte  seconded, we considered this bill in our committee in order to right a  historical wrong.   We heard directly from the Klamath Tribes' chairman about what this  bill means to him and his people, and the importance of enacting it to  finally truly acknowledge their self-determination and Tribal  sovereignty.   Upon enactment of this bill, we will finally provide control of the  Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund to the Tribe in recognition of its  important role.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, this bill does acknowledge the long  and painful history of American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native  Hawaiians in this country. I support S. 789 because it moves us one  step closer to recognizing and remembering that painful history but  then addressing it by removing from our statutes that which is so ugly,  harmful, and painful.   This bill repeals those outdated and offensive legislative provisions  that robbed Native American populations of their dignity and their  sovereignty for decades. In New Mexico, we are keenly aware of the  damage inflicted upon Native youth and families by so-called reform  schools, coercive policies around work, and countless other forms of  mistreatment.   Legislation like S. 789 reminds us of that painful history. But we  cannot only acknowledge historical wrongs. We must do the work to make  things right. I am pleased to voice my support for this bill and look  forward to continuing to work with my colleagues from both parties to  fulfill the Federal Government's full trust and treaty  responsibilities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Grijalva for  keeping the vision alive of educating our future leaders that will  bring to us the solutions and resolutions of conflict issues around  Native American self-determination and so much more.   We feel the Udall Foundation's impact across our country, and  certainly in New Mexico, from the Halls of Congress to environmental  conflict resolution to our universities and students. In fact, New  Mexico's very own Congresswoman Stansbury is a Udall Foundation alum,  and over 255 American Indian and Alaska Native interns have worked in  more than 60 congressional offices thanks to the foundation.   This bill from Chair Grijalva will ensure that the Udall Foundation  can continue to implement its valuable mission and work for years to  come. I thank Chairman Grijalva for keeping this vision alive.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   