 Mr. Speaker, I rise today during a dark time in our Nation's  history when the right to an abortion--the fundamental right to decide  what happens to your own body--is under threat. Today, I rise to tell  the stories from patients and providers in my district.   The stories I am about to tell provide a glimpse as to what life will  be like if Roe v. Wade is indeed struck down in the final decision of  the Supreme Court.   These stories come from my local Planned Parenthood Pasadena and San  Gabriel Valley who offer high quality healthcare--from STD testing to  contraception and abortion care. Since the Supreme Court decided to  allow State-based abortion bans to remain in place, it has become such  an incredible resource, not only for my constituents but for those  living in other States where abortion is not as accessible.   Just last month, a mother of four and her husband drove all the way  from Houston, Texas, to the Planned Parenthood Health Center in  Pasadena, California, in my district because of Texas' draconian  vigilante law, S.B. 8, because she was unable to get care at home  because she was 7 weeks pregnant. This was just 1 week past the State  limitation.   She did not have options in Texas. She and her husband knew that  another child was not the right choice for them. They put all four of  their children in the car and drove for 20 hours to Pasadena. They came  to Pasadena because after searching everywhere in surrounding States,  the appointment in Pasadena was the soonest one she could get. She was  not wavering in her decision. She was sure she wanted an abortion.   She and her family spent a day and a half driving to California, a  day in California when the procedure was done, and then had to spend  another day and a half driving home. The time, the expense, and the  time off work to have a 3-minute procedure done is an undue and  egregious burden that people are already facing when trying to access  safe and routine abortion care.   This mother was in and out of her appointment within 2 hours from  start to finish but had to spend over 40 hours of time and money to  access healthcare that should be readily available to anyone who needs  it.   Another patient from Texas came to Planned Parenthood in Pasadena in  March of this year. She had originally been scheduled to go to Oklahoma  for a medication abortion but felt that she needed more time to decide  if terminating her pregnancy was the right choice for her.   After taking a few days to think about her decision, she lost that  appointment in Oklahoma. She flew to California to receive a medication  abortion at 9 weeks pregnant. She and her support person had to incur  the cost of the flight to Los Angeles and an overnight hotel stay, as  well as time off of work to access abortion medication.   These are just two stories out of the hundreds of patients that  Planned Parenthood Pasadena sees every day, but it illustrates what we  are talking about with regard to the right to an abortion. We mean real  people and real women with lives and jobs and families whose right to  decide what to do with their own bodies and their own futures have been  taken away by politicians looking to score political points. It is  wrong. It is cruel. It is unjust.    I will not stop fighting to enshrine abortion rights into Federal law  and for passage of my bill, the Women's Health Protection Act, which  this body passed in September of 2021 by a vote of 218-211, making it  the most supported abortion rights bill in the history of Congress.   I will continue to fight for these patients, to fight for these  women, and to fight for the hundreds of patients like them every single  day who deserve quality healthcare.   