 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan  CHIPS and Science Act.   Just over 2 years ago, I joined Congressman McCaul to introduce the  CHIPS for America Act to reassert American leadership in the  strategically important semiconductor industry.   I will admit, when Senator Cornyn, Senator Warner, Congressman  McCaul, and I started this effort, a lot of Members would ask me: What  are these semiconductors, and why are they so important?   Well, I think it is clear this bill answers that question.  Semiconductors are fundamental building blocks of the 21st century  economy, and we simply cannot live without them.   But since we started this effort, the global chip shortage has only  grown more severe and the need for legislation more pressing.  Thankfully, by passing the CHIPS bill today, we are sending a clear  message: The United States is still the gold standard for innovation.   I am glad we are acting today because other countries aren't waiting.  They are making aggressive investments to try to surpass us.   The European Chips Act sets a goal of reaching 20 percent of  worldwide semiconductor production by 2030. In Asia, Korea and India  offer 50 percent design credits, and Taiwan offers a 15 percent R&D  credit. So, passing CHIPS gives us the tools we need to stay ahead of  the pack.   Bringing manufacturing and research back to the United States will  have positive benefits in the short and long term. As new fabs funded  by the CHIPS Act come online, they hold the potential to anchor  regional technology clusters, creating well-paying jobs and spreading  out America's base of skilled workers.    This, in turn, can provide a more secure and resilient supply chain  for the mission-critical components our national security apparatus  needs to succeed. This makes America safer and more secure.   I am also thrilled to have helped author legislation included in this  package that will supercharge American 5G networks with more resilient  supply chains through Open RAN investments. This new technology will  pave the way for American companies to enter the telecom market and  compete.   As an author of both the CHIPS and Open RAN funding bills, I know  these critical economic drivers will drive innovation and create  American job opportunities for years to come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the CHIPS and Science  Act.   