 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill,  the Women's Health Protection Act, or WHPA.   WHPA is the bill that will protect the right to access abortion after  the tragic fall of Roe v. Wade. It ensures in Federal law the right to  abortion care for every woman in every State and ensures States may not  erode that right.   You will hear Republicans say our bill goes too far, but that is  simply not true. Our bill preserves the protections of Roe that we have  lived with for 50 years, affirmed through decades of subsequent court  decisions. WHPA prohibits the bans and restrictions that violate the  spirit of Roe, from outright bans to laws forcing women to undergo  invasive ultrasounds, unnecessary waiting periods, or forcing doctors  to give patients medically inaccurate information.   You will hear Republicans repeat over and over again that Democrats  are voting for abortion up until the moment of birth. Actually, for 50  years the Court had the provision of an exception for late-term  abortion in Roe to preserve the life or the health of the mother. It is  because they valued the life of the mother.   Do Republicans actually believe the mother's life is expendable?   Apparently so.   What you will not hear is Republicans say that the vast majority of  Americans do not want Roe to be overturned.   You will not hear an apology to the 10-year-old who was raped and had  to travel to Indiana for an abortion because it was prohibited in her  home State.   You will not hear an acknowledgment that women are capable of  deciding for themselves whether to terminate a pregnancy.   This bill respects our right to make our own decisions about our  bodies. It is time to put control of our bodies back in our hands. Now  is the time to pass the Women's Health Protection Act.    Madam Speaker, I was horrified when I heard about the plight  of a desperate Houston woman. She was 1 week pregnant beyond Texas' 6- week abortion ban, and with four children already, she knew she was not  in a position to have another. So she packed her husband and four  children in a car and drove over 22 hours and over 1,500 miles to my  district in Pasadena, California, for her abortion.   Texas' law forced her into a situation no family should ever have to  face, and the Supreme Court's overturning of Roe has made conditions  far worse.   H.R. 8297, the Ensuring Access to Abortion Act of 2022, will ensure  that every American has the right to travel to seek abortion care.   Madam Speaker, we will not give up in this fight. We will not go  back.   