 Mr. Speaker, many people say ours is a nation of  immigrants. But our Nation also has an unfortunate history of political  opportunists who attack the latest wave of immigrants and seek to stoke  fear and chaos in order to gain or cling to power.   Whether the attacks were against my ancestors, the Irish; those at  the southern border today; or the many other groups in between, we have  heard the same language and scare tactics year after year, generation  after generation. But then as now, those attacks are a sham. They are  attention-seeking to divide and distract us from their proponents' lack  of seriousness, their lack of solutions, and, at times, their own  misconduct.   Now, I rise today in support of the Ukraine Democracy Defense Lend- Lease Act and hope to send it quickly to President Biden's desk. The  Senate acted quickly to pass this bill and send it our way.   Eighty years ago, the U.S. created the lend-lease program to provide  military and humanitarian aid to Great Britain and our Allies in Europe  as they stood on the front lines to oppose the Axis powers that  threatened democracies around the world, including our own.   Today, the Ukrainian people are standing on the front lines in the  fight for democracy and against tyranny. The U.S. needs to provide them  with every possible measure of humanitarian and military aid.   To date, Congress and President Biden have led the world in  supporting the Ukrainian people, sending nearly $14 billion in food,  medical supplies, and military assistance to Ukraine, working in close  collaboration with our allies.   With this aid, the Ukrainian armed forces have been incredibly  effective in opposing Putin's unlawful and unprovoked invasion. But the  Ukrainian success is dependent on them having the equipment and  supplies to continue fighting, and this bill will ensure that they do.   This is a bill that every freedom- and democracy-loving Member of the  House should support, and I look forward to its swift passage on the  floor.   