 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding, and for both gentlemen's remarks.   Mr. Speaker, 17 years ago, the first legislation I passed as a Member  of Congress declared the month of May as Jewish American Heritage  Month, or JAHM, and urged the President of the United States to make  that declaration on behalf of the United States.   Since that resolution passed, every President has issued a  proclamation declaring May as Jewish American Heritage Month.   The mission of JAHM is to educate all Americans about the  contributions American Jews have made to our Nation for more than 350  years.   Jews have blazed American trails, from the battlefield and basketball  court, across the biggest stages, to the big screen, and from the  Supreme Court, to civil rights and social justice movements. Our story  is woven into America's history, through generations of leaders.   Yet, as we who honor the profound impact American Jews made on our  national history and culture, I must sadly acknowledge that the  recognition and understanding JAHM seeks to foster is critically needed  now more than ever.   There has been a precipitous rise in anti-Semitism. In the last year  alone, the Anti-Defamation League reports that anti-Semitic incidents  are up 34 percent nationwide.   The American Jewish Committee reports that 24 percent of American  Jews were personally targeted by anti-Semitism in the past 12 months.  Four in 10 American Jews changed their behavior at least once out of  fear of anti-Semitism. An alarming 90 percent believe anti-Semitism is  a problem in the United States.   We also know that there has been a particularly disturbing surge in  assaults against Americans who are identifiably Jewish by virtue of  their wearing religious garb, particular clothing, or based upon the  locations in which they live or shop.   In May 2021, during the military conflict between Israel and Hamas,  there was a substantial surge of anti-Semitic incidents in the U.S.,  with 387 of them reported, or a 148 percent increase in reports of  anti-Semitic incidents compared to May of 2020.   Anti-Semitism also emerged in the horrific Buffalo shooting, where an  armed white terrorist targeted African Americans for mass murder. He  was driven, in part, by a xenophobic plan called replacement theory,  which at its root, blames Jews for masterminding an effort to erode the  power of White Americans. This madness will only fuel more violence,  and it cannot be allowed to stand.   To combat this anti-Semitic scourge in our communities, leaders  throughout our country must firmly, and clearly, and forcefully  denounce the alarming rise in rampant hate, violence, and harassment  targeting Jewish Americans.   That is why I am proud today to bring H. Res. 1125 to the floor,  which is unequivocal, bipartisan condemnation of anti-Semitism, because  enough is enough.   This resolution denounces the alarming rise in anti-Semitism in the  United States and globally, and it issues a call for real, concrete  action to combat it. Those action items include:   Promoting Holocaust education, Jewish identity, and anti-Semitism  education, along with condemnation of all denials and distortions of  the Holocaust.   Working with the newly confirmed State Department's Special Envoy to  Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism to ensure U.S. leadership in the fight  against global anti-Semitism.   Working with all social media platforms to institute stronger efforts  to address online anti-Semitism, while protecting First Amendment  rights.    Taking all possible steps to improve the physical security of Jewish  institutions, including increased funding for the Nonprofit Security  Grant Program so it can continue its essential work of protecting  Jewish and other faith-based institutions across the country.   Ensuring the safety, security, and dignity of American Jews in all  aspects of their lives, including the workplace, university campuses,  and at home.   During Jewish American Heritage Month, we celebrate the continued  diversity and contributions to American life by the Jewish community.  In doing so, we must also acknowledge anti-Semitism is not a relic of  the past but remains a clear and present danger today.   Taking action today is just one step. Let us renew our commitment to  defending the rights of all people.   Before I end, I want to take a moment to thank all those who made  today possible: my co-leads, Congressmen Mario Diaz-Balart, Brad  Schneider, and Lee Zeldin and, of course, Leader Hoyer, and many other  colleagues and staff whose effort helped bring this resolution to the  floor today.   