 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment would eliminate the statutory requirement  for the Defense Department to provide Congress with an unfunded  priorities list. This is a wish list of items that DOD would like to  have but are not necessary to carry out its duties.   This practice doesn't meaningfully strengthen our national security.  Instead, it worsens waste, fraud, and abuse in military spending. These  wish lists are packed with billions of dollars of superfluous line  items, this year totaling $24 billion on top of the $773 billion  requested by the White House.   Don't just take my word for it. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said  last year that the President's budget request for fiscal year 2022 met  DOD's requirements, yet DOD was required by law to submit these wish  lists, which have not been approved by any top leadership at the  Defense Department as actual priorities.   Top DOD officials have, in fact, expressed strong skepticism about  the practice. In a June 2021 hearing before the House Armed Services  Committee, General Milley said of unfunded priorities: ``If they were  critical, then they need to be higher on the priority list and in the  base budget.''   In April, Under Secretary McCord said that the unfunded priorities  lists  [[Page H6271]]  ``should not be confused with saying that the budget is not adequate.''  In fact, he went on to describe to me the problem that happens when  different people within the Defense Department who are overseeing their  own units submit something and just say it is a priority when overall  Defense leadership has not had the opportunity to prioritize, actually,  and to even look into whether those things are priorities or not.   Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates all but banned the list,  strongly discouraging his generals from submitting these lists to  Congress during his tenure.   Despite the skepticism of top DOD officials, the Pentagon is required  by law to submit these wish lists to Congress. It wasn't always that  way. Though the practice has been around for a couple of decades,  unfunded priority lists weren't statutorily required until 2017.   All my amendment does to make this process optional again.   The mandate only exists to serve the interests of defense contractors  eager to grow their profits by selling flashy equipment. In 2021, the  defense industry spent more than $118 million lobbying Congress to sell  their products. Meanwhile, we cannot even verify that the money we  authorized to DOD is spent responsibly because, as my colleague Ms. Lee  said, it has never passed a budget audit.   The most recent audit found a Navy warehouse full of $126 million of  aircraft parts that were not listed anywhere in the records. We don't  need to encourage this irresponsible spending by requiring DOD to give  us a wish list, but most importantly, we should actually pay attention  to the priorities of the top leadership of the Defense Department,  which the unfunded priorities list does not do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith), the distinguished chairman, and I thank him for  his service on this committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, my amendment would direct the President to  establish an office of climate resilience within the White House to  coordinate climate resilience activities across all government  agencies.   As the climate crisis worsens, American communities are in desperate  need of an office to increase the resilience of our communities.   As my colleagues well know, climate disasters are increasing in  frequency and severity at an alarming rate. Just last week, a few of my  colleagues and I visited Yosemite National Park, where climate change  continues to fuel larger, longer, and more severe fires.   In the last 14 months alone, 20 percent of giant sequoias in Sierra  Nevada were killed in wildfires. Not more than 48 hours after we left,  a wildfire started that is still burning across 2,000 acres and  endangering the park and the surrounding communities.   Last month, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  reported that there were nine individual billion-dollar weather and  climate events across the country during the first 6 months of the year  alone, including severe drought, two tornado outbreaks, and dangerous  hailstorms.   Last year, damages from these severe weather events totaled  approximately $145 billion. These costs are felt by families across the  country. These families lose their houses, all of their belongings,  their livelihoods, and sometimes their loved ones in these disasters.   As the climate crisis worsens, this harm will be exacerbated by the  lack of climate resilience planning.   There is immense work needed to make our communities resilient and  safe from climate disasters. Thankfully, much work is underway. Over 20  Federal agencies have separate climate resilience action plans, but the  United States lacks a robust, unified, national climate resilience  action plan, and there is no overarching coordination between Federal  agencies on this very important security issue. As such, these  disjointed efforts are likely performing duplicative work without  maximizing the potential benefit.   My amendment would establish an office of climate resilience to  coordinate the various efforts currently going on across the Federal  Government. The office of climate resilience in the White House would  leverage the expertise available from all sectors involved in climate  resiliency, including the knowledge and lived experiences of frontline  communities.   The office would improve current climate resilience efforts  throughout various Federal agencies and ensure that they are rooted in  environmental justice as they protect and develop the climate  resilience workforce.   The amendment will enable the United States to better prepare for and  prevent future climate disasters and protect American families and our  Nation's security while mitigating the destruction that natural  disasters wreak on our communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I don't understand why the other side is so distraught  about an Office of Climate Resilience, and I would love to hear my  colleagues on the other side go and tell the people who have lost their  homes in wildfires, who are flooded underneath enormous amounts of  water that somehow that is not an interest of the Federal Government or  even of our military to help protect.   By the way, the military does go into many of these communities when  we have these big natural disasters. So it is absolutely about  protecting the security of our country, and the reality is it is the  duty of the Federal Government to protect these people.   Now, you can make up all kinds of things about why this climate  change is not real, but let me tell you, experts around the world  believe this is a national security issue. They believe it is real, and  they believe we need to address it.  [[Page H6454]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Garamendi), my friend.   