 Madam President, I join my colleagues, the Senators  from Nevada and Minnesota, in my frustration as to why we are here  today.   Today, I am joining them and urging my colleagues to join me in  calling for the swift confirmation of Chief LaDon Reynolds to be the  U.S. marshal for the Northern District of Illinois. As a seasoned law  enforcement officer, Chief Reynolds is more than ready to take on the  challenges of this important leadership role, including playing a key  part in addressing the rising violent crime devastating our communities  in Northern Illinois.   Yet the only reason he is not already confirmed to this position is  because of a hold from Senator Cotton--a hold that is completely  unrelated to Chief Reynolds' immense qualifications. These  qualifications include serving with distinction as the chief of police  of the Oak Park Police Department for nearly 30 years, teaching law  enforcement officers about the importance of community-oriented  policing at the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and  [[Page S746]]  Standards Board Executive Institute, and working to protect communities  from rising hate as a board member of Governor Pritzker's Commission on  Discrimination and Hate Crimes.   Senator Durbin and I carefully reviewed Chief Reynolds' experience  and expertise. It is clear to us and the White House that he is the  best fit for the job. What we are asking for now is simply to let  Reynolds get to work; let him take charge of an office that has already  gone without Senate-confirmed leadership for 4 years. We need to have a  confirmed U.S. marshal leading Federal law enforcement operations to  secure our Federal courthouses and capture violent fugitives of the  law.   As U.S. marshal, Reynolds would also play an important role in the  Biden administration's multijurisdictional strike force to investigate  and prosecute gun traffickers channeling deadly weapons into the city  of Chicago.   Every day, there are new stories of horrifying and often deadly  impacts of rising violent crimes in the Northern District of Illinois.  In fact, last year was one of the city of Chicago's deadliest in  decades.   But statistics alone cannot fully describe the devastation our  communities have endured. For so many Chicagoans, the presence of gun  violence is a constant source of trauma and grief in their day-to-day  lives. It is painful and gut-wrenching to see this sort of senseless  violence happen again and again.   We cannot wait any longer to advance Reynolds' confirmation,  especially not for his nomination to be used as a pawn for Senator  Cotton to expedite a response to his unrelated pending inquiry to the  U.S. Department of Justice. Instead, we must act to make sure the  Northern District of Illinois U.S. Marshal's Office has the leadership  it needs to fulfill its mission of administering justice and enforcing  the law.   If Senator Cotton is serious about tackling violent crime and making  our communities safe, then we must move forward with confirming LaDon  Reynolds to be the next U.S. marshal for the Northern District of  Illinois now. Chief Reynolds' nomination has my full support.   I request that Senator Cotton lift his blanket hold on the U.S.  attorney and U.S. marshal nominees pending consideration before the  Senate, including Reynolds' nomination.   I yield the floor.   