 Mr. President, etched in marble above the chair you are  sitting in is the Latin phrase ``E Pluribus Unum,'' meaning ``out of  many, one.''   Despite our differences, the union among our respective States as a  single nation expressed by this motto has endured for nearly 250 years.  The principles of liberty and equality upon which our Nation was  conceived have not only survived but continued to flourish and expand  from one generation to the next.   Many of us who are Members of this body would not have been eligible  to cast a vote, much less serve in Congress, not so long ago. We stand  here as real, live proof that the American experiment in self- determination has been a success unlike any other in history. This  triumph has been made possible by the institutions established by our  Founders to serve as guardrails to ensure liberty and maintain order  while preventing tyranny.   Today more than ever, those institutions are under attack by the  intrusion  [[Page S2562]]  of a woke counterculture that has taken over the Democratic Party. They  condemn America as culpable rather than exceptional and embrace  socialism, a system in which government controls everything.   Under the spell of these radical elements, the Democrats have  unleashed a strange multiverse of madness in which reality no longer  has meaning and the foundations upon which our Nation was built are  being turned upside down and inside out or destroyed altogether.   The left tells us to trust the science and to believe all women--yet  they can't even define what a woman is--and that criminals are victims  and the law enforcement officers who risk their own lives every day to  protect us are somehow the real perpetrators of injustice. Now they  want Washington to be the arbiter of truth. That is right, folks. The  Department of Homeland Security, which should be focused on securing  our borders, is now trying to police what the Biden administration  deems disinformation. It sounds like a novel idea, and by that, I mean  George Orwell's novel ``1984'' in which the Ministry of Truth pushed  state propaganda which was the exact opposite of truth.   This attempt to control what you can and cannot say is not only an  attack on our First Amendment, which guarantees freedom of speech and  the press, but an assault on truth itself. We don't need anyone in  Washington--especially Joe Biden, who is factually challenged himself-- telling us how to think or what to say. That may be how things are run  in socialist countries like Russia and China but not in America, the  land of the free.   The Senate itself is a prime target of this effort to undermine  America's institutions by silencing opposing views. The Democrats are  determined to end the Senate's long tradition of unlimited debate that  has long guaranteed all voices can be heard. Senator Schumer once said  that eliminating the filibuster would be ``a doomsday for democracy.''  He then ignored his own apocalyptic warning by voting to nuke the  filibuster for executive and judicial nominations. In doing so, the  Democrats, minus Joe Manchin, threw away the only leverage the minority  party in the Senate has to influence Presidential appointments,  including lifelong terms on the Court.   You would think they would have learned their lesson about how  shortsighted that decision was, but they haven't. Now Senator Schumer  is determined to do away with the legislative filibuster so he can push  through the Democrats' radical plan to remake America by giving  Washington control of how voters select their representatives and  stacking the Supreme Court with liberal Justices who will legislate  from the Bench rather than interpret the law through the lens of the  Constitution.   Democrats have long been working to discredit and undermine the  independence and legitimacy of the Supreme Court. The Senate majority  leader himself has publicly issued personal threats against specific  Justices, warning that if they do not rule as he desired, they will  ``pay the price.''   Earlier this month, for the first time ever, a draft opinion of a  pending case before the Supreme Court was leaked to the media. Chief  Justice John Roberts called the unprecedented breach of the Court's  confidential deliberations a ``betrayal of the confidences of the Court  . . . intended to undermine the integrity of our operations.''   Following the cues from the majority leader, radical activists are  harassing Supreme Court Justices in an effort to intimidate and  influence their verdict.   Folks, this madness has got to end. This woke crowd is living in an  alternate universe that is devoid of reality where our Nation and those  who founded it are now the enemy. It is all very strange because no  serious study of history can look at the impact made by our great  Nation, especially in the last century, and conclude that the world is  not considerably better off as a result of the American Revolution.   America led the world to end fascism, defeat communism, and counter  terrorism. At home, we expanded the right to vote and ended  segregation. And there are countless brave men and women from all walks  of life who have answered the call of our Nation, who are stationed  around the globe at this very moment, ready to sacrifice all to defend  freedom and stop tyranny.   Our system of self-government has lived up to and surpassed the  promise of our Founders to form a more perfect Union, establish  justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense,  promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to  ourselves and our posterity.   All of this will be lost if we give in to the demands of the angry  woke mob, which seeks to destroy the foundations that have long guided  us and held us together as one Nation, indivisible, with liberty and  justice for all.   I yield the floor.   