 Mr. President, I am grateful today to join my colleagues  as we continue to sound the alarm about the ongoing serious threat to  our democracy. This is a perilous time.   I want to thank Senator Klobuchar for her leadership on this issue  and all of the rest of my colleagues who have been so eloquent tonight  and I know will be eloquent tonight, who are here today to highlight  the challenges to democracy we are currently facing and the  opportunities we have to protect it.   I am honored to represent New Hampshire, a State that does democracy  better than anywhere else. I want to start by talking about one of my  favorite New Hampshire events.   Shortly after I was first elected Governor in 2012, I attended our  statewide Veterans Day ceremony at the New Hampshire Veterans Cemetery,  a remarkable, serene, beautiful space in the heart of New Hampshire. I  had attended that ceremony in the past, but on this particular Veterans  Day, I had just days before and for the first time been elected to  statewide office to lead and protect my State. My predecessor was also  at the ceremony, as were current and soon-to-be Members of Congress,  members of the current State legislature, and those who had just been  elected.   New Hampshire had seen a pretty dramatic change at both the State and  Federal level. Two Democratic Congresswomen had won election, replacing  Republicans. The State house of representatives had flipped from  Republican to Democratic control in pretty dramatic fashion. But  despite these changes, State and Federal elected leaders, veterans and  their families, and citizens from all walks of life who wanted to  ensure that our veterans knew how much they, the veterans, matter were  all there--there to celebrate the people, the citizen soldiers who had  stepped up in every generation since our country's founding to keep us  safe and preserve our democracy so that the rest of us could live in  freedom.   I have always loved this confluence of election day and Veterans Day.  On an early Tuesday in November, Americans flood to the polls to cast  their votes, expressing their hopes for the State and country that they  envision and want to be a part of, confident that they have a voice as  stakeholders in our democracy. And then just days later, they join  their friends, neighbors, political allies, and opponents to honor our  veterans and the principles that they sacrificed and fought for, the  foundational idea that every person in our democracy matters and has  the opportunity to be included in our civic life.   Just days after a pitched political battle--as my dad would have  said, ``a war of words''--we were together standing united to support  those who serve and have served and in doing so, to support the  remarkable idea that is the United States of America.   This unifying moment year after year, election cycle after election  cycle, didn't happen by accident; it happened because Americans have  understood since our founding that the cornerstone of our democracy  starts with free, fair, and impartially administered elections.   Throughout our history, we have failed and then struggled to include  and treat equally all Americans, but as we have made progress to  acknowledge the full citizenship of all of our people, we have  committed to expanding voting access and to protecting an impartial  electoral system that ensures the full and fair counting of all votes  cast.   The acceptance of the outcome of these elections so that our country  can continue to function, grow, become more inclusive, and thrive has  been essential, not just for the sake of stability but for the sake of  a democracy in which the government is truly responsive, truly of, by,  and for the people, a government so responsive that a constituent, a 9- year-old little girl named Jada, can approach her Senator to talk to  her about the sadness in her family after a beloved cousin died of an  opioid overdose and expect her Senator to take her seriously and work  to expand access to prevention and treatment services for those with  substance use disorder; a government so accessible that a constituent  named Sy can approach his Senator at a business in town and thank her  for passing the Burial Equity Act, which allows those who serve in the  National Guard or Reserves but aren't deployed to be buried in their  State's veterans cemetery.   Sy, like so many of his fellow reservists, volunteered and was ready  to answer the call and to sacrifice for his country, but he was never  called up to do so. Artificial bureaucratic barriers prevented his  service from being recognized in the same way that other military  service is, but thanks to the advocacy of Guard men and women and  reservists, that has now changed. Sy's service is being recognized, and  he is being included, as he should be, in the remarkable legion of  citizen soldiers that has kept this country free, and he can now be  buried in a sacred place of honor.   Jada's voice counts. So does Sy's. Their experiences and their lives  matter and, in a true democracy, so do their opinions and their votes.   But the question for Americans today is this: For how much longer  will the voices of everyday Americans count?   As we all know, in November, in State after State, including in New  Hampshire, democracy was on the ballot. There were, in fact, candidates  who questioned the sacred right to free and fair elections, individuals  who expressed their willingness to overturn the 2020 election and their  willingness to try to reject or overturn election outcomes in the  future if their preferred candidates didn't win.   I want people to think for a moment about what this means. These  candidates were open in their willingness to reject the votes of their  fellow citizens, leading to a system in which those in power are  unaccountable and therefore unresponsive to the people they claim to  represent.   In race after race, anti-democracy candidates proposed extreme,  unpopular agendas, whether it was eliminating Social Security and  Medicare or imposing a nationwide abortion ban--ideas that voter after  voter opposes. This disconnect, of course, explains their election  denial. In a functioning democracy, the few cannot impose an extreme,  unpopular agenda on the many. The only way for these extremists to  accomplish their goals is to reject the votes cast by the majority.   The welcome news is that, in many cases, the American people rejected  some of the most vehement election deniers.   On a brisk, cold Tuesday this November, Granite Staters, like  millions of Americans, once again went to their polling places to cast  their votes. They did so not with the expectation that their preferred  candidates would win but, rather, that their individual votes would be  counted. They did so at middle schools and townhalls before work and  while grabbing lunch, and they did so in New Hampshire in record  numbers. Voters recognized the real threat posed by those who would  undermine our democracy. They saw the need to reject those who would  disenfranchise them. They used their votes and their voices to stop  those who would have otherwise jeopardized our democracy.   In November, democracy prevailed, but that does not mean the work is  over. We know that while many election deniers lost their races, some  won, and some remain in Congress. Those who threaten the integrity of  our elections will remain persistent in their efforts, and those who  stand on the side of democracy must remain persistent as well.   Our Founders understood just how fragile our democracy was, and the  generations of Americans who have followed have understood it as well.  If we  [[Page S9601]]  are to live up to their example and if we are to ensure that people  like my constituents Jada and Sy are included and can make a  difference, Americans must continue to do all that we can to uphold our  freedoms and democracy.   In Congress, this means that we must continue to fight for access to  the ballot box and share a commitment in accepting the results of  elections. We can do that by supporting legislation like the John R.  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote Act. This  week, we will take an important step forward by passing the bipartisan  Electoral Count Reform Act.   Across the country, we must continue to do what the American people  did this year--reject those who would end democracy as we know it. If  we are truly to remain a government of, by, and for the people, we must  stand up and ensure that its foundation of free and fair elections  truly accessible to all eligible voters remains protected for  generations to come.   I yield the floor.   