 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here on the floor today to make  what I consider to be a supercool announcement. I think my colleagues  know well that I am a fan of the ``Last Great Race,'' the Iditarod. I  am shameless in my promotion of not only the exceptional athleticism of  the mushers themselves but the canine athletes.   I say to the Presiding Officer--and as an athlete yourself--I think  you can appreciate the endurance training that it takes to be a  qualified and truly an exceptional athlete, and today we are able to  celebrate an extraordinary musher and an extraordinary team.   It was just a little over a week ago, last Sunday morning--well,  actually it was Saturday--that I was in Anchorage for the ceremonial  start of the Iditarod. It takes place downtown in Anchorage. We have to  truck snow in. We close off all the downtown streets. Not too many  cities actually bring the snow in, but we brought the snow in, dumped  it around the streets, and closed the streets.   Mushers come to town from all over the State, 49 mushers this year.  They bring their sled dogs in.   Along the sides of the chutes are thousands of Alaskans and thousands  of visitors. The people come from around the country and around the  world to launch these extraordinary teams down the street. Everybody is  all bundled up.   It was one of those days that was just picture perfect for the start  of an Iditarod. There were big, huge snowflakes coming down, making  everything white.   The dogs were jumping in their traces, just straight up, just  bouncing up with excitement, and the yipping and the howling was just-- it was excitement that was contagious. And to be out there in the  chutes, wishing the racers luck, cheering them on before they embark on  their 1,000-mile journey to the north, it is an experience that I would  encourage for anyone, whether you are a canine lover or not--those of  you who understand the value of working dogs and what they mean, and  how they love to do what they do.   The Iditarod is an experience like none other. This was the 50th  anniversary. For 50 years now, the Iditarod has been going from South  Central in the Willow area all the way up to Nome. Again, 49 teams  entered.   These mushers faced some pretty challenging conditions. You are going  over terrain that is mountain range and down into gorges. You are on  flat glare ice going across Norton Sound, howling winds, driving snow.  It is a mental task. It is a physical task and, truly, one of  endurance.   Keep in mind that most are thinking: Wait. This is Alaska in the  wintertime. It is cold.   But, in fairness, the teams actually prefer to be running at night,  when the temperatures are cool. So they are running truly based on the  dogs' schedule, the endurance, but not necessarily in the tamest of  conditions.   This is not only a race where we celebrate the musher and their team,  but we also celebrate the volunteer spirit that comes with this. This  is an extraordinary race of over 1,000 miles going through some of the  most extreme wilderness that you will encounter.   Then, occasionally, along the way, there are small villages that are  used  [[Page S1170]]  as checkpoints or opportunities for the many volunteers to basically  gather. There is about 1,500 people who volunteer to put this race on.  So for those who set the trail markers, who set out there with their  snow machines to mark that trail, it is nothing more than like wood  markers that you would get at Home Depot or Lowe's, with a little  painted orange on it. That is the sophistication of this. This is what  guides the team in a blizzard.    The veterinarians are there. Four to five vets cycle through each  checkpoint, because each dog needs to be checked every time they go  through their checkpoint.   All of these folks come from all around the country to volunteer.  They pay for their flights up. They take a week off work, and they are  there. They are there to support not only the race, but they are there  to support gold-standard canine care.   And so it is also a celebration about the volunteers. This is such a  great part of our State's heritage, our culture. Again, you can tell I  get a little enthusiastic about it. Even my necklace is a dog sled with  a musher on it. So this is the time of year that I like to celebrate  it.   So this morning at 5:39 a.m., Alaska standard time--so about 9:30  here in DC--8 days, 14 hours, 38 minutes since beginning a roughly  1,000-mile race, Brent Sass and his team of 11 dogs crossed the finish  line.   So here is Brent with his two dogs, yellow roses flown in from--I  don't know where those yellow roses came from, but they certainly  weren't from Nome, AK.   But that man has traveled with his team for 8 days now, 14 hours, 38  minutes to win the 50th Iditarod.   I had a chance to talk to Brent by phone just about an hour after he  went in to Nome. He sounded pretty vibrant, pretty excited, pretty  happy.   I had talked to him in the starting gate on Saturday, and I said:  Brent, I think this is your time. I think this is your time because you  have proved yourself year over year in the Iditarod and certainly in  the Yukon Quest.   Brent lives in Eureka, AK, on a homestead that was established back  in the 1970s. He is a pretty seasoned musher. He took part in his first  Iditarod back in 2012. He got ``Rookie of the Year'' that year. He is a  three-time 1,000-mile Yukon Quest champion.   So the Yukon Quest runs a different race, from Canada into Alaska. It  is also a 1000-mile race. It is equally arduous and extraordinarily  difficult. He took first place in the Yukon Quest in 2015, 2019, 2020,  and also first in this year's abbreviated 350-mile Yukon Quest.   So a couple little quick stories here, because I know I don't have  much time, but this guy is pretty exceptional. He is not only a strong  competitor, but the care that he provides his dogs is amazing.   One story from 2016: Brent was getting ready to leave the White  Mountain checkpoint. It is about 77 miles from the finish line in Nome.  He was teed up here to win third place, and depending on where you are  in the rank is how much of the purse you will take home. And if he was  going to make third, it was going to be about $44,000 in prize money.  But he is getting ready to leave the checkpoint and his dogs said:  Nope, we are not moving.   So think about it. You are that close to $44,000. You are 77 miles  from the finish, and your dogs have said: This has been a long trek,  and this is where we are stopping to just rest.   So Brent Sass didn't push those dogs. He waited as they rested, and  when they were ready, he took it slow, he took it steady, he brought  them to the finish line, and he ended up placing 20th instead of 3rd.  And he did that for his team.   And for that, he was recognized twice with the Vet's Choice Award for  the care that he shows his dogs.   But it is not just his team that Brent is known for taking care of.  He is also known for taking care of his competitors along the trail.   There was a headline a few years back that said ``Sass to the Rescue  . . . Again.''   And time after time, Brent has been highlighted for acts of heroism  on the trail. In vicious storms, he has helped mushers and their dog  teams reunite after becoming separated on the trail. And keep in mind,  there is no rescue team out there. It is you, and if you are lucky  enough to have somebody else come upon you--fortunate.   But during one race, a fellow musher was at risk for scratching the  race, and instead of leaving him behind, as many competitors might have  done, Brent helped him scale Eagle Summit so he could stay in the race.   But one of the most notable rescues took place in 2011 on the trail  of the Yukon Quest. Hans Gatt, a four-time champion, was stalled out.  He wasn't able to clear the summit. The weather conditions were awful.  So Hans did the only thing that he could do, which is to hunker down  into a sleeping bag in these horrible winds, the driving cold snow.   Brent's sled comes upon Hans, sees that he is on the verge of  hypothermia. He hooks his sled to the back of his own, and he hauls  both teams up over the summit. And Brent credits his then-lead dog  Silver for guiding them to safety in these awful and harsh conditions.  As a result of their teamwork and heroism, the Quest created the Silver  Legacy Award in Silver's honor. Brent claims that to be one of the  proudest moments of his life.   I wish that I could have been there this morning at 5:39 in Nome to  watch Brent cross the finish line as a first-time Iditarod champ with  his team. But even from afar, we can hear the Alaskans celebrating  Brent for his incredible feat.   So to Brent Sass, we celebrate you. We thank you for the care that  you show your dog team, your character, how you show what it means to  be a true competitor and for representing the great State of Alaska so  well.   And to all the others that are still on the trail, we wish you well  and safety and Godspeed.   I yield the floor.   