 Mr. President, first, let me say that I appreciate the  sincerity of the Senator from Virginia--my friend Senator Kaine--and  his comments about the filibuster. I am not going to repeat the speech  that I gave last week on the vital safeguards that the filibuster  provides to the minority party in the U.S. Senate and why it makes us  the greatest deliberative body in the world.   Instead, since I have already talked on that issue, I feel compelled  to respond to comments that were made by Senator Ossoff, the Senator  from Georgia, earlier this evening, in which he singled out four  Republican Senators--Senator McConnell, Senator Cornyn, Senator Burr,  and myself--and our position on the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a  seminal law that was so important in the civil rights movement in  guaranteeing the right to vote for all Americans.   Well, I was not in the Senate in 1965. I was 13. I am not sure that  the Senator from Georgia was even born in 1965, but that is not really  my point.   My point is that, of me, the Senator from Georgia, Mr. Ossoff, said:  Senator Collins previously said that this bill will ensure that voting  rights afforded to all Americans are protected but not anymore.   I voted, enthusiastically, and did say that about the Voting Rights  Act reauthorization in 2006. Surely, my colleague is not confusing that  bill, which was 5 pages long--5 pages--with the bill that is before the  Senate tonight, which is 735-pages long. Surely, he is not confusing  those two bills. If he is, I would like to sit down and talk with him  about the enormous differences between the two bills, but, frankly, the  number of pages says it all.   I do support the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act of 1965,  and I did so, as did every other Senator, in 2006, but to equate that  to the legislation that is before us now is simply not worthy. Had I  been on the floor at that time, I might well have thought of reminding  the Senator that we have a rule in the Senate, rule XIX, which  prohibits the impunity, the integrity, or the motives of other  Senators--and not just one Senator in this case but four Senators.   So let there be no mistake about it, I do support the Voting Rights  Act of 1965. I supported the Voting Rights Act of 2006, as did every  one of my colleagues who was mentioned by Senator Ossoff this evening,  and I think it is sad that he implied otherwise about our support for  such important civil rights legislation.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, let me just note that the Federal  Department of Justice, under section 2 of the Voting Rights Act, has  challenged the law of the State of Georgia and the State of Texas. So  the idea that somehow the Justice Department no longer has authority to  challenge laws with which it disagrees or regulations or practices is  simply not accurate. Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act provides that  authority. It is in effect, and the Department of Justice, rightly or  wrongly, has invoked it.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, I promise my colleagues this will be my  last comment.   This is entirely different from the debate on a 735-page bill. I  would invite my colleague from Georgia to review exactly what he said  earlier this evening.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Oregon.   