 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nominations  of Judge Cristina Silva and Professor Anne Traum, nominees to serve on  the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada. Both nominees have  built tremendous careers and legal reputations, and, last night,  cloture was invoked on both of these nominees with strong bipartisan  support.   Judge Silva has spent the bulk of her career as a Federal prosecutor  in the city of Las Vegas, where she served as chief of the criminal  division. In this role, Judge Silva oversaw all criminal investigations  and prosecutions in the Nevada U.S. Attorney's Office. She has gained  vast experience dealing with Federal criminal trials, including violent  criminal cases, civil rights violations, and cyber crime.   Since 2019, Judge Silva has served with distinction as a Nevada State  court judge, where she has earned the respect and admiration of her  colleagues, as well as those who have appeared before her in court.  Colleagues have called her ``intellectually gifted and extremely hard- working'' and have commended her ``deep commitment to the rule of  law.''   These are exactly the kinds of qualities we need in someone nominated  to serve on the Federal Bench, and they are the qualities that Judge  Silva exemplifies. I know she will serve with independence and  integrity.   For her part, Professor Anne Traum has also developed a distinguished  legal career, one rich with examples of her commitment to the law and  to public service. She has litigated civil cases with the U.S.  Attorney's office, served as a Department of Justice trial attorney,  and has worked for years on criminal cases as a Federal public  defender.   Since 2008, Professor Traum has dedicated her career to helping shape  the minds of Nevada's future lawyers as a professor at the University  of Nevada Las Vegas's Boyd School of Law.   A deeply admired teacher, Professor Traum has gone above and beyond,  founding a clinic to provide legal services to parties in Las Vegas who  lack resources and volunteering significant time to pro bono programs  in Southern Nevada. Professor Anne Traum has  [[Page S1241]]  worked to ensure that all individuals have adequate representation to  defend their rights and that all individuals have access to our justice  system.   And there is no better way to judge a professor than by the opinion  of her students. In Professor Traum's case, her students regularly  credit her courses as the most important courses in their legal  careers.   The bipartisan judicial selection committee that Senator Catherine  Cortez Masto and I put together fully vetted both of these nominees,  and we both worked hand in hand with the White House to ensure that  they were chosen for their exemplary qualifications, intellect, and  passion for the law.   I was glad to see that both Professor Traum's and Judge Silva's  nominations received bipartisan support--both as they advanced through  the Senate Judiciary Committee and during last night's cloture vote.  These highly qualified nominees for the U.S. district court are fully  deserving of your support now, and I urge each of my colleagues to vote  for their confirmation next week.   Nevada's Federal district court has been under enormous strain, with  delays driving up the costs to businesses and individuals pursuing  their claims in court. Filling the vacancies with these nominees would  ensure that Nevadans have fair and reasonable access to the Federal  courts.   It is time to confirm these nominees, and I urge all of my colleagues  to vote in favor of Judge Cristina Silva and Professor Anne Traum.   I yield the floor.   