 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of  veterans who have gone unrecognized for far too long.   In World War II, top secret units known as the Ghost Army used combat  deception to literally fool the Nazis. Their mission to was to divert  enemy forces away from American combat units so that our troops faced  less resistance. This required creativity and a special kind of  courage.   Whereas a typical American unit had tanks made of steel, the Ghost  Army, as you have heard from my colleagues, Mr. Barr and Ms. Dean,  built tanks made of rubber and wood. Using inflatable equipment and  sonic deception, the Ghost Army made it appear as if there were tens of  thousands of combat troops when there were literally none.   If the Germans ever discovered this ruse, the Ghost Army would have  been annihilated. Throughout the war, the Ghost Army took this risk  and, using their creativity and artistic talents, played a decisive  role in Allied combat operations.   As Mr. Barr noted, in evaluating the performance of these units after  World War II, an Army analysis found rarely, if ever, has there been a  group of such few men who had such great influence on the outcome of a  major military campaign. I might note that was the campaign that turned  the tide of World War II.   To this day, combat deception units in the Army learn about the  tactics that were used by the Ghost Army so many years ago. In this  sense, the brave actions of the Ghost Army still are keeping Americans  safe to this day.   The Ghost Army's combat deceptions were so effective that the Army  kept them classified for over 40 years after the war. Because of this  classification, the great men of the Ghost Army were never properly  recognized for their heroism and contributions to defeating fascism in  Europe.   Mr. Speaker, as noted, the House passed the Ghost Army Congressional  Gold Medal Act that I introduced last spring. The Senate is now asking  passage of the companion bill, S. 1404, introduced by Mr. Markey. This  would right the wrong by awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to those  living members of the Ghost Army. We will recognize the families of  those who have passed.   I am proud that 75 years after their service, the Ghost Army is  finally getting some of the recognition it earned.   I also want to take a moment to recognize the contributions of so  many individuals in getting this bill over the finish line.   First, I want to thank my colleague, Representative Stewart, and his  staff for dedicating themselves to this bill.   I also want to recognize a good friend of mine, Rick Beyer, and Roy  Eichhorn. These two historians helped rediscover the Ghost Army's story  and share it with the world.   Finally, I want to recognize all of the members of the Ghost Army  Legacy Project. This coalition, made up largely of family members of  Ghost Army veterans, worked tirelessly to help Representative Stewart  and myself secure the 292 House cosponsors necessary to pass this bill.   It is a testament to this institution that a handful of passionate  citizens, without the help of any special interest groups or lobbyists,  can build the support necessary to send this legislation to President  Biden's desk. So it is fitting that we pass this bill today.   Of the more than 16 million Americans who served in World War II,  barely more than 240,000 are still alive, including just nine members  of the Ghost Army. We should never forget the contributions of the  Ghost Army and all the servicemembers in World War II to preserve  democracy around the world.   This is personal for me because my father, Malcolm McLane, was a  fighter pilot and a POW during World War II. While today we rightfully  single out the brave actions of the Ghost Army, I hope we also take a  moment to remember all of our World War II veterans.   In closing, I want to note what made the Ghost Army special was not  just their extraordinary courage but their creativity. Their story  reminds us that listening to unconventional ideas, like using visual  and sound deception, can help us solve existential challenges like  defeating tyranny.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill.   