 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  the Keep Kids Fed Act.   I want to thank Chairman Scott for his steadfast leadership and  determination to work to get something worked out to help ensure that  our school meals are available to as many of our students as possible.   The school meals provisions were an effective response by this  Congress to the COVID-19 pandemic. Schools, children and families were  disrupted as this deadly disease raced through our country. Congress  acted to make sure that we provided flexibility to ensure that no child  would miss a meal that they would otherwise have received in school.   Why is that important? Because Congress has long recognized that  hunger and learning do not mix well, if at all. This isn't some  theoretical or academic debate. I know what its like to be hungry and  in school. And I am saddened that decades after I went through that  experience as a student, many other children still must deal with that  reality each and every school day.   Food is not a luxury. So hearing that the USDA COVID waivers that had  allowed millions of kids to stay nourished were expiring was an  emergency for me. And I know the Chairman shares that sentiment.   Frankly, it has been hard to sleep thinking of what happens in  communities like Milwaukee when families find this lifeline cut off  arbitrarily even while the pandemic that spawned these provisions,  continues.   The reality is that hunger and food insecurity did not take a break  during this pandemic. In fact, reports indicate it got worse. Hunger  doesn't take a summer vacation even though our schools do.   It shouldn't have taken all of this to get us to agree on this: Feed  our kids so they can concentrate on learning and being kids. These  waivers have done a great deal to help us achieve that and I hope we  can continue to work to ensure that we can take the great lessons  learned about how to effectively reach and nourish school children  during this pandemic and use them to put in place permanent provisions  that will ensure that all of our children can go to school and focus on  their education   That includes taking up and passing bills like the Universal School  Meals Program Act which I have joined with Rep. Omar in introducing  that would provide the most cost-effective and inclusive model for  ensuring all students have access to nutritious meals during the school  day without facing barriers such as stigma or burdensome paperwork.   