 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong and  continued support for Dreamers, TPS recipients, and immigrant  communities in Nevada and across our Nation.   It has been decades since Congress has passed real immigration  reform, and almost a decade since we have made a real attempt at taking  action to provide a permanent solution for those communities and allow  families--allow families to stay together. As a result, our broken  immigration system has been left with a patchwork of policies that are  outdated and inefficient. This is why Congress needs to take action now  on comprehensive immigration reform, so we can, once and for all, fix  this severely broken system.   It shouldn't be a partisan issue. We are talking about families who  deserve peace of mind about their future. They shouldn't be subjected  to the uncertainty they currently face every single day.   Unfortunately, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  refuse to come to the table to work with us on comprehensive  immigration reform. They would rather leave Dreamers in limbo and have  this issue for their own political gain than work toward solutions.   But a number of reasonable Republicans have said in the past that  they do support a legislative fix to protect our Dreamers and their  futures. So let's start there and work together to provide an  immediate, permanent legislative solution for DACA recipients right  now--right now--while at the same time, we keep working for more  comprehensive immigration reform.   In the 10 years since the DACA program first went into effect, it has  protected nearly 600,000 Dreamers and allowed them to make a home and  build a life and a future here in our country. In my State of Nevada  alone, thousands of individuals and families rely on DACA to live,  work, and raise a  [[Page S7128]]  family, free from fear in a country--the only country they have ever  known or ever called home.   DACA has provided vital protections and opportunities for Dreamers,  ensuring that they can attend college, fully contribute to our economy,  serve in our military, and really make a difference in our communities.   Because of DACA, thousands of people have been given access to the  American dream. And yet yearslong threats to end this policy have left  nearly 600,000 DACA recipients in limbo, facing uncertainty and  awaiting court decision after court decision that can jeopardize their  future and threaten the lives that they have built here.   So we cannot wait any longer to take action. That is why I am calling  on my colleagues to work to pass a permanent legislative solution this  year--this year--for Dreamers, one that gives them permanent  protections and a pathway to citizenship, while we continue working on  comprehensive immigration reform.   So let's put a stand-alone proposal to provide a permanent  legislative fix for DACA recipients. Let's put that proposal right here  on the Senate floor and take a vote immediately to solve this issue.   We must also continue to keep fighting. We have to keep fighting to  ensure we take a comprehensive approach to reforming our immigration  system and finally giving these families the peace of mind they so  richly deserve.   Families across our country deserve certainty in their futures, and  the Senate must feel the same sense of urgency that they feel every  single day. We can't keep them waiting any longer.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   