 Madam President, 200 years ago, the Senate went about  their business without computers, without cell phones, and any of our  other modern conveniences that run on electricity, including the very  lights in this room. Working by candlelight might sound quaint today,  but many Americans may find themselves doing just that in the not too  distant future because the Biden administration is taking the country  back to the era of no electricity.   Folks, with President Biden and his same team of advisers who created  a nationwide baby formula shortage and out-of-control inflation  overseeing their ``energy transition,'' what could possibly go wrong?  You don't have to look any further than your energy bills to get an  answer.   Prices at the pump have nearly doubled since Biden's first day in  office when he started signing Executive orders to turn off American  energy supplies. And home electricity prices have increased more than  20 percent since just last summer. What is worse than these expensive  energy bills? Well, folks, how about no power at all? Most of the  Nation is currently in danger of experiencing power outages due to  energy shortages caused by the closure of power plants as part of the  Democrats' push towards renewables. These Biden blackouts will make it  impossible to even run fans and air conditioners on the hottest days of  the summer.    But not to worry, folks, Biden's Energy Department has issued some  tips of what to do in case of an outage, which include stocking up on  candles, keeping an ice chest on hand, and having a gallon of water  available for every person in your house for each day you are without  electricity.   Folks, that is not the most reassuring advice since no one knows how  many days we could be kept in the dark during a Biden blackout.   The reality is these power outages pose a bigger problem than just  the inconvenience of being uncomfortably warm or unable to watch TV for  a few hours or possibly days.   Extended outages could be a matter of life or death for many folks  who depend upon electronic medical devices or temperature-sensitive  medicines.   You are probably wondering how it is even possible in 2022 for there  to be an energy shortage right here in the United States of America. It  is simple math: Democratic policies.   The ongoing closure of traditional power plants is reducing our  capacity to supply enough electricity for millions of homes and  renewables are not yet producing enough energy on their own to make up  the difference.   The Democrats are predictably blaming global warming, but the truth  is the rolling blackouts and rising prices are really being caused by  man-made energy change. Just this year, the Biden administration has  reduced domestic oil and gas leasing, created regulatory barriers for  building pipelines, and taken administrative actions that put hundreds  of solar energy projects across the U.S. on hold.   We can't just turn off the power sources we depend upon without  having reliable, abundant, and affordable alternatives readily  available. Yet that is exactly what the Democrats, at President Biden's  direction, are doing.   I am proud that my home State of Iowa was the first State in the  Nation to adopt a renewable portfolio standard nearly 40 years ago.   Today, Iowa generates most of our energy from renewables, with wind  power being our primary source. Iowa also leads the Nation in the  production of ethanol and biodiesel. And despite what critics say, the  use of corn ethanol and soybean biodiesel reduce greenhouse gas  emissions while helping to keep our Nation energy independent and our  State green and clean.   However, renewables still only produce a fraction of the total  electricity the Nation relies on to run, making it impossible and  irresponsible to simply unplug our traditional energy sources.   Just look at California, which has set a goal of achieving a carbon- free power grid. The State is forecasting that energy shortages could  leave as many as 4 million California residents without power this  summer.   The State's utility provider wants to build five new fossil-fuel  power generators to ensure the availability of reliable electricity in  the future. But the challenge is more than just making up for the  reduction in power production because the transition to renewables is  creating new demands for electricity.   For example, our increasingly unreliable power grid will face even  greater strains as more and more electric vehicles are plugged into it.  To drive just 100 miles, an EV requires about the same amount of  electricity as it takes to run a home for an entire day, including  lights, heating and air-conditioning, and appliances. Tesla, the  world's top EV carmaker, is already asking EV owners to not charge  their cars during certain hours of the day to better ration the use of  electricity.   And while President Biden and the Democrats keep telling Americans to  buy an electric vehicle to cut down on the cost of gas, the high  sticker price makes EVs unaffordable.   Folks, the cold, hard truth is electric vehicles are not as  economical, environmental, or ethical as the Democrats want us to  believe. Proponents of the Green New Deal portray themselves as heroes  in a fairy tale riding to the rescue--on an EV, of course--to defeat  the greedy corporations polluting the planet for profit so we can all  live happily ever after. But the truth is it ain't that easy being  green.   Consider the component parts used in both EVs and solar panels. Well,  they are largely produced by Communist China's State-supported  corporations, often using slave and child labor.   As a result, the world will be more dependent on Communist China for  some energy products in a post-carbon economy than we are on OPEC for  petroleum today.   President Biden's own Energy Department admits that ``U.S.  decarbonization goals are reliant on both Chinese firms and the Chinese  government.''   And while we will rely on China for the technology, the communist  regime will rely more heavily on the forced labor of children and  modern-day slaves to produce it. Consider, almost half of the world  supply of polysilicon used in solar panels is made in Communist China,  often by the hands of forced labor of ethnic and religious minorities.  And nearly every silicon-based solar panel is likely to contain  components that originated in the area of China where forced labor  camps are widespread. China also has significant financial control over  the world's supply of cobalt, which is an essential element used in the  batteries of EVs.   The Congo produces 70 percent of the world's cobalt, and Chinese- backed companies own or have a financial interest in most of the  African nation's cobalt mines. These Chinese corporations are  subjecting the miners to physical abuse and hazardous conditions in  exchange for very little money. Tens of thousands of children--some as  young as 4 years old--are exploited to work in the mines with few  safety protections.  [[Page S3256]]    President Biden promised to create green jobs, but he didn't mention  that they would be done by children in Africa or slaves in China. These  poor kids are mistreated and malnourished and even drugged to suppress  their hunger so they can work for longer hours. Breathing in toxic  fumes causes long-term health problems, including lung disease and  heart failure, as well as birth defects. And miners are often buried  alive when tunnels cave in.   These are some of the kids who mine the cobalt to make an EV run. And  in the other photo are some of the folks who produce ethanol for motor  vehicles. I know which photo I would rather see. Who powers your  vehicle?   In addition to the toxic harm to humans, the extraction of cobalt  also causes severe environmental pollution to the water, air, and to  the soil.   Just take a look at this picture. This is a mine in Congo where  cobalt is extracted to make batteries for EVs. Nothing about this  landscape looks like an environmental success story to me. By contrast,  the picture over here is a beautiful farm in Iowa where corn is grown  to make fuel for motor vehicles. Every year, I drive through mile after  mile of cornfields on my 99-county tour. It is the type of scenic drive  that reconnects you with nature and reminds you of the importance of  proper stewardship of the land we live off of.   Folks, we can all have a cleaner conscience knowing that energy made  in Iowa is creating economic opportunities for our neighbors, while  keeping our communities green, rather than exploiting children or  creating a toxic wasteland. Can the same be said about the initiatives  that are being pushed by the Biden administration? Like begging OPEC to  pump more oil, sending our Nation's strategic oil reserves to China, or  subsidizing China's market in slave and child labor.   Are we going to tell the truth to the children that riding the  electric school buses that the Biden administration is spending $5  billion on to purchase, what really makes the wheels on these buses go  round and round is the exploitation of other children who are their age  or even younger? Or are we just going to tell them more green fairy  tales?   It is time to come clean about the Democrats' Green New Deal. Just  like President Biden's other policies, this radical agenda is creating  problems, not solving them, including greater dependency on foreign  adversaries like China and Russia, reliance on child and slave forced  labor, harm to human health and the environment, higher costs, and  energy shortages and blackouts. Democrats are literally trying to keep  America in the dark about these inconvenient truths.   Folks, the Biden blackouts will be the latest unneeded reminder that  the Democrats' Green New Deal can't hold a candle to the Republicans'  record of producing an abundant supply of affordable energy right here  in the good old United States of America.   I yield the floor.   