 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support  of the bipartisan amendment that I have put forward, along with my  colleagues Deborah Ross, Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, and Jamaal Bowman.   As my colleagues from both sides of the aisle have made clear, our  Nation owes a tremendous debt to our veterans.   I am pleased that this week, the House will take up a bill to help  improve access to services and benefits that our men and women in  uniform have earned.   H.R. 1836--the National Guard and Reserve GI Bill Parity Act of  2021--would allow Members of the National Guard and Reserves to count  time spend in training towards their Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits.   I am so proud of the men and women in Wisconsin's National Guard who  have mobilized throughout our nation's history in support of overseas  combat operations in places like Iraq, Afghanistan, during both world  wars, the Spanish-American War, and the Civil War and are now engaged  in their longest ever domestic mobilization, to combat COVID-19.   They are a key part of our communities and to efforts to protect and  defend our nation.   Our amendment to this bill simply attempts to help ensure that the VA  take every opportunity to ensure that new veterans who are leaving or  about to transition from active duty are aware of the VA benefits they  may be eligible for, including critical health care services.   Unfortunately, too many vets leave the military without knowing what  they are eligible for at the VA or do not have the documentation they  need to prove their eligibility. As a result, they can find themselves  missing out on critical benefits and services they need or trying to  navigate bureaucratic red tape, without success, to try and find the  right answers. These men and women answered the call to serve their  country and it is our responsibility to honor the debt our Nation owes  them for their service.   We can do better. And that must start with providing as much  information as early as possible to those who could be eligible for VA  benefits or services.   Our amendment requires the VA to inform new veterans of the medical  care and services for which they are eligible, including community  care; mental healthcare, care relating to military sexual trauma; and  any other information the Secretary deems appropriate.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying  bill.   