 Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of  H.R. 7666, a bipartisan response to rising substance use disorders and  mental health needs in our communities.   The need for this bill is clear.   We've heard about the growing mental health crisis, including about  alarming rates of mental health hospitalizations, suicide rates and  depression. The need for mental health services continues to grow,  including among our children. In my district, the emergency department  at Children's Wisconsin saw a 60 percent increase in young patients who  attempted suicide between 2020 and 2021.   Substance misuse also remains a crisis in our communities. Milwaukee  county has among the highest rates of overdose deaths in Wisconsin and  has seen high numbers of emergency calls related to overdoses in the  past few years. According to Milwaukee County, from 2014 to 2020, the  opioid overdose fatality rate in the country was 30.9 per 100,000  persons, more than twice the rate statewide.   This bill includes strong provisions to reauthorize and revitalize  federal programs that support access to treatment and services, while  boosting access to crisis services. The whole continuum of services  needs to be strengthened to ensure that no one in need of help goes  without.   The bill would also reauthorize and increase funding for the Mental  Health First Aid grant program. Mental Health First Aid is an  evidenced-based program that teaches ordinary people how to identify,  understand, and respond to the signs of mental illness and substance  use disorder.   The bill would also reauthorize the Pediatric Mental Health Care  Access Grant, a program that supports the ability of pediatric primary  care providers to deliver mental health care with the help of rapid  consultation with psychiatrists, social workers, and/or psychologists.  The program also provides training and education on early  identification, diagnosis, and treatment of behavioral health  condition, allowing more families to access high-quality mental health  treatment in their pediatrician's office.   I am pleased to offer an amendment that will improve this bill by  ensuring that state and local officials who administer programs serving  pregnant and postpartum individuals are consulted by those operating  the new maternal mental health hotline. This hotline will provide free  and confidential support before, during, and after pregnancy providing  yet another tool for those in need.   Through programs such as WIC, SNAP and the Maternal and Child Health  Service Block grant, among others, the federal government reaches  numerous pregnant and postpartum individuals. State and local officials  are key  [[Page H5783]]  partners in the operations of those programs and often are on the  frontlines of reaching and serving populations that would immensely  benefit from access to this important new resource. It only makes sense  that they be involved in efforts related to making this hotline truly  effective and that individuals know about the resources it offers.   I thank the chairman and Ranking Member for their support of my  amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill.   