 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with my colleague, Senator Lummis from Wyoming.    I thank my friend, the Senator from Wyoming. Yes, this is  my understanding. Section 2 of the bill states that a variety of  reasonable views on the role of gender in marriage exists today, based  on both decent and honorable religious and philosophical beliefs. The  bill states that all views are due proper respect by the Federal  Government.   Furthermore, section 2 of this bill states the Federal Government  recognizes religious liberty as an integral component of our national  policy regarding marriage. Section 2 of this bill was explicitly  included to ensure that the provisions of the Bob Jones case relating  to the tax-exempt status of organizations are not applicable to this  bill.   Bob Jones University v. United States, decided in 1983 before  Congress enacted the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, upheld the  IRS's decision to rescind Bob Jones University's tax exemption on the  basis of a ``firm and unyielding'' national policy against racial  discrimination. Section 2 affirms that diverse beliefs about the role  of gender in marriage are held by reasonable and sincere people based  on decent and honorable religious or philosophical premises. This  finding preempts an analogy between the Court's analysis in the Bob  Jones University case about race and beliefs about marriage and is a  statement of policy respecting diverse views about the role of gender  in marriage.   I would like to discuss another provision which is central to this  bill: section 4, which grants ``full faith and credit'' under article  IV, section 1 of the U.S. Constitution to marriages performed in each  of our States, strengthening federalism and making our constitutional  structure work.   Section 4 of the bill states that no person ``acting under color of  State law'' may deny full faith and credit to any ``public act, record,  or judicial proceeding of any other State pertaining to a marriage  between two individuals, on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, or  national origin of those individuals.'' The phrase ``acting under the  color of State law'' is also used in our civil rights statutes to refer  to the actions of State and local government officers and employees  with respect to rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution and Federal  law.   Senator, is it your understanding this phrase is intended to  incorporate the U.S. Supreme Court's interpretation of the meaning of  ``acting under color of State law''?    Yes, it is my understanding section 6(b) bars any civil  claim or cause of action relating to a nonprofit religious  organization's refusal under that section to solemnize or celebrate a  marriage and that such a refusal cannot create a civil claim or cause  of action.   The text of section 7 also makes no reference to ``compelling  governmental interests.'' Section 7 provides nothing in this bill  should be construed to deny or alter the benefit, status, or right of  an otherwise eligible individual or legal entity in relation to tax- exempt status, tax treatment, contracts, loans, scholarships, licenses,  and other agreements not arising from a marriage.   In conjunction with section 2 of this bill, which eliminates a  successful analogy to the Bob Jones case, is it your understanding,  Senator, that section 7 would prevent the Internal Revenue Service from  using the Respect for Marriage Act to alter or remove the tax-exempt  status of an entity for expressing beliefs in opposition or support of  same-sex marriage?   