 Madam Speaker, in my hometown of San Francisco, and in so  many places across the country, small businesses are the heart of our  communities.   They are the engines of our economy: creating good-paying jobs,  delivering crucial goods and services, and helping power our historic  economic recovery from the pandemic.   But tragically, when the virus struck two years ago, our small  businesses--and especially our restaurants--were among the hardest hit.   Many were forced to scale back hours. Others had to lay off workers.  And some even closed their doors for good.   That is why Democrats fought for and won billions in economic relief  for our small businesses in COVID relief bills. In our historic  American Rescue Plan, we established the Restaurant Revitalization  Fund: a vital lifeline helping more than 100,000 restaurants reopen and  rehire.   And today, the Democratic Congress will take another strong step to  help our small businesses not only survive--but thrive.   With our Relief for Restaurants and Other Hard Hit Small Businesses  Act, we deliver urgently needed relief to tens of thousands of  businesses struggling in the wake of the latest COVID wave.   We salute Chairwoman Nydia Velazquez of the House Small Business  Committee for her leadership and legislative mastery for the benefit of  small businesses.   And let us thank Congressmen Earl Blumenauer and Dean Phillips for  their tireless, committed leadership on behalf of our nations'  restaurants and small businesses.   While small businesses have been on the path to recovery from the  COVID crisis, the omicron variant sadly interrupted this progress. Now,  many hard-hit businesses are in need of additional support.   Our bill delivers $42 billion to replenish the Restaurant  Revitalization Fund: offering a beacon of hope for the more than  170,000 eligible restaurants that applied for RRF funding last year but  could not access this relief due to oversubscription.   We will also secure $13 billion to support many of our nation's  smallest businesses who saw major revenue losses due to the pandemic.   And we will continue to support the live entertainment venues that  bring rich vibrancy, culture and diversity to our communities: ensuring  they have more flexibility to best make use of their relief funding.   Delivering desperately needed relief for America's small businesses-- the heart and soul of our nation--is an urgent economic imperative.   In doing so, we:   protect good-paying American jobs;   secure the livelihoods of hard-working small business owners; and   ensure families get goods they need, without added costs of delays.   I urge a strong, bipartisan ``aye'' vote for this relief package--so  that our small businesses can continue to flourish and to serve our  communities for generations to come.   