 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  for her management of this very important legislation as a member of  the Committee on Foreign Affairs.   It is my honor to stand on this floor today in support of the Uyghur  Policy Act and to join my colleague, Mr. Smith. For decades, Mr. Smith  and I--as well as Frank Wolf and so many others--have been working  together for human rights throughout the world. I thank him for his  leadership and his remarks on this important legislation. Again, a  strong step in our continued work to counter the genocide of the Uyghur  people.   In Xinjiang and across China, millions of Uyghurs and other Muslim  minorities are enduring outrageous and barbaric abuses, from mass  surveillance and discriminatory policing to mass incarceration in  forced labor camps to mass torture, including solitary confinement and  sterilization.   In its latest Human Rights Report, our own State Department has  unequivocally declared that the Chinese  [[Page H8636]]  Communist Party's persecution of the Uyghurs amounts to genocide and  crimes against humanity.   It is often said that one of the most sinister and cruel forms of  torture employed by authoritarian regimes is to tell the oppressed:  ``Nobody even remembers you.'' They don't even know what the fuss is  about.   This Congress remains bipartisan, bicameral, unbreakable in our  commitment to shining a bright light on the persecution of the Uyghurs.   With this legislation, we send a powerful signal to the Uyghur  people: America sees you; we stand with you; and we are fighting for  you.   And we send a resounding message to Beijing: This genocide must end  now.   My remarks go on to talk about the Uyghur Policy Act and what it  does, in addition to what we passed in 2020, the Uyghur Human Rights  Policy Act; in 2021, the Uyghur Forced Labor Protection Act. It  includes the establishment of a Special Coordinator at State to  spearhead the effort, which will ensure a laser focus on the brutal  conditions facing the Uyghurs.   For decades, the Chinese Communist Party has waged a campaign of  cruelty, terror, and repression, from cracking down on the culture,  religion, and language of Tibet, intimidating the people of Taiwan, to  restricting basic freedoms in Hong Kong, to jailing journalists and  dissidents; and more.   We support and salute the courageous citizens across mainland China  who are in the streets today speaking out for their freedom.   I join freedom-loving people around the world supporting the Chinese  people for exercising this Fundamental right to make their voices  heard.   Yet let us not forget how the government of China has often responded  to these demonstrations with a heavy hand: whether in Tiananmen in 1989  or more recently against those marching for their rights in Hong Kong.   The past must not be precendent for Beijing's response to this wave  of peaceful protests.   As I always say: if we do not speak out for human rights in China  because of commercial interests, we lose all moral authority to speak  out for human rights anywhere.   This is America's moral imperative--and today, we take another step  to honor this charge today with the legislation before us   I urge a strong, bipartisan yes vote on the Uyghur Policy Act.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of legislation, H.R. 9308,  honoring a legendary leader in Congress, Susan Davis, my dear colleague  from San Diego.   Susan Davis began her career in public service in her beloved San  Diego: First in social work, then on the historic school board, then  the State Assembly; and now, the Armed Services Committee, Committee on  Education and Labor of the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan ``yes'' for this bill  honoring Susan Davis, and also for the Uyghur Policy Act.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank our colleagues for bringing these pieces  of legislation to the floor, and I urge a ``yes'' vote on both.   