 Madam Speaker, nearly 80 percent of our traded  goods rely on American ports, harbors, and inland waterways to reach  consumers.   Therefore, it is incumbent upon us to support our waterways and  ecosystems, improve our defenses against floods and extreme weather,  and create good-paying jobs along the way--and that's what the Water  Resources Development Act of 2022 (WRDA) will do.   Specifically, this bill authorizes the construction of 16 new  projects and 72 feasibility studies approved by the Corps of Engineers  and expedites the completion of 15 ongoing investigations. The bill  also includes a water resource initiative that is very important to my  constituents and the many residents of North Texas.   The White Rock Lake is a 1,015-acre city lake located outside of  Dallas. The lake is one of the most heavily-used parks in the Dallas  Parks system. It is home to the Dallas Arboretum, the White Rock Lake  Museum, the Bath House Cultural Center, a large boat ramp and fishing  pier, over nine miles of hiking and biking trails, a dog park, a picnic  area, and pavilions. White Rock Lake has experienced an accumulation of  sediment since it was last dredged in 1998, reducing the overall  capacity of the lake, with reductions in both its water quality and  recreational use. And with the pandemic increasing the already heavy  usage rate of the lake, the need to dredge it has never been more  urgent.   The goals of the White Rock Lake dredging project included in the  WRDA are to remove sediment from the shoreline to improve maintenance,  improve water quality to minimize negative impacts to aquatic habitat  and other environmentally sensitive areas, and restore the depth of the  lake to enhance watersport recreation.   The bill also authorizes $19.2 billion in funding to restore and  protect Texas' coastline. The project is one of the largest in the  history of the Corps of Engineers and includes improvements that reduce  risks to public health and the economy, restore critical ecosystems,  advance coastal resiliency, and help prepare the state for future  damaging weather events.   I want to commend Chairman DeFazio and Subcommittee Chairwoman  Napolitano for their perseverance in developing this bipartisan bill  and getting it to the House floor for a vote.   I strongly support the passage of the Water Resources Development Act  of 2022 and encourage my colleagues to pass a bill that is essential to  America's economic competitiveness and helps improve the quality of our  waterways for all our constituents.   