 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  FY 2023 omnibus that will come before this chamber shortly having  passed the Senate with bipartisan support. While this legislation--and  the process that produced it--is far from perfect, there are a number  of priorities that this legislation addresses that are critical to my  constituents.   I want to take a moment to talk about one of those priorities  including in this bill, a provision creating a Great Lakes Authority to  help put the Great Lakes states and region on equal footing with other  regions of our country that already have similar entities working to  coordinate regional economic development and growth.   I want to thank my friend and colleague Marcy Kaptur for her  leadership in this effort.   I remind my colleagues of how critical the Great Lakes are to our  country. While the Great Lakes--Superior, Michigan, Huron, Erie and  Ontario--are an environmental treasure with their connecting channels  forming the largest fresh surface water system on earth making up one- fifth of the world's fresh surface water supply, the region is an  economic powerhouse as well.   According to the Great Lakes Chamber of Commerce, with one-third of  the U.S. population, nearly 39 percent of all U.S./Canadian trade to  the world, 19 of the world's best research universities and much of its  inventive power, the bi-national Great Lakes Region is the world's most  important economic engine--in GDP terms, the third largest economy in  the world.   But while other regions of our country have some form of federally  endowed regional entity or commission to support economic cooperation  and infrastructure and other investments, no such entity existed for  the Great Lakes until now.   This new commission should help sharpen, target, and increase  coordination among numerous federal programs and agencies, including  those already working in the Great Lakes, and bring in stakeholders  from each state and tribes in the region with the goal of helping to  keep moving the region forward on energy, environment, innovation, and  job creation, among other critical priorities.   This work will be critical to supporting my vision of a Great Lakes  region that continues to foster innovation, creates good paying jobs,  that provides high quality education and job training that prepares  individuals for better jobs, and that is equipped to address Great  Lakes challenges that often span state, and even international,  borders.   In this Congress, we have worked hard to invest in our nation's  infrastructure and to help create good paying jobs in our country while  working to bring manufacturing and more of the supply chain in critical  industries, home. A new Great Lakes Authority will help better position  the region to take advantage of those new opportunities.   This new Great Lakes Authority can help target transportation and  other infrastructure needs in the region which is critically important  to its economic competitiveness. It can help ensure our region's  workforce is prepared to meet the challenges of today's economy while  preparing for tomorrows through job skills training, skills development  and employment-related education.   And let's not forget how it can help address severely economically  distressed and underdeveloped areas of the region, whether urban,  rural, or tribal.   The establishment of this authority is a critical first step and I  urge the Administration to begin working with our governors to help get  the Authority up and running as quickly as possible, including  nominating a highly qualified and respected individual who knows the  region well to serve as the federal lead.   At the end of the day, this new authority recognizes that the Great  Lakes is better and stronger when we work together to address common  goals and shared visions that go well beyond partisan or even state  lines.   