 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, ``Help Wanted.'' I see the signs in  nearly every county I visit in Iowa on my 99-county tour. Small  businesses and public services are struggling to maintain the workforce  that is vital to our communities. The Des Moines Public School  District, for example, has over 100 vacancies and is providing $50,000  incentives for retiring teachers, nurses, and administrators to stay in  school.   Faced with a declining number of soldiers, the Iowa National Guard is  offering signing bonuses to new recruits,  [[Page S4593]]  along with other incentives to encourage current members to reenlist.   Police departments across the State are also facing recruitment  challenges so the Iowa State Patrol is raising salaries and starting  outreach efforts with kids as young as the sixth grade to get them to  start thinking about careers in law enforcement.   And this need for essential workers, well, it isn't limited to just  Iowa. America is facing a shortage of teachers, doctors, nurses,  childcare providers, construction workers, truckdrivers, pilots, and  even accountants.   And with the Democrats' latest tax-and-spend spree, a shortage of  accountants is something taxpayers everywhere now need to be concerned  about. The Democrats' response to the nationwide need for essential  workers is to hire 87,000 new IRS agents. The reckless tax-and-spending  bill passed by DC Democrats last month more than doubles the size of  the IRS, which already has nearly 80,000 full-time employees.   So what are the new IRS agents being hired to do? Well, audit  America, of course--and very aggressively, if a recent job announcement  on the Agency's website is any indication. The IRS says it is seeking  armed accountants willing to participate in ``life-threatening  situations on the job.''   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says, with the supersized  staff, the IRS audit rate ``would rise for all taxpayers,'' regardless  of income. CBO warns it will also result in audits of innocent  Americans who have paid all of their taxes and don't owe the IRS a  cent. That is right. Even if you have paid your taxes, you still could  be subjected to an unfair and costly audit by the Biden  administration's army of IRS agents.   Folks, Washington doesn't need any more tax collectors; it needs to  simplify the Tax Code. If it wasn't so complicated to calculate your  tax bill, it would be a lot easier to complete your return and avoid  making mistakes.   Ironically, hundreds of employees at the IRS itself may have  willfully failed to pay their own tax bills, including tax collectors  and even a criminal investigator. In total, 1,250 IRS employees were  identified who had not paid their tax bills in full or on time by the  Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration. More than 300 of  these employees were repeat offenders. Yet the tax-collecting Agency  did little to discipline the tax evaders on its very own payroll.   The IRS staffers gave a variety of excuses for not paying their  taxes, including forgetting to report all of their income or being  unable to use TurboTax. Yep, folks, you heard that right. We have a  real problem if the IRS staff who enforce the tax law aren't paying  their own taxes and can't even understand how to properly fill out  their own tax forms.   I have heard enough of the excuses and these Washington double  standards. That is why I have asked the inspector general to audit the  IRS to ensure that the tax collectors themselves are paying the taxes  they owe, and, on behalf of taxpayers in Iowa and the rest of the  country, I am grateful that the IG has agreed.   Before Biden's army of auditors starts harassing innocent taxpayers,  let's first make sure that tax collectors have paid their own taxes.   And if the threat of being audited wasn't bad enough, the reckless  tax-and-spend bill also increases taxes, which will further add to the  burden of small businesses already struggling with the higher costs  resulting from Bidenomics. And that is the real issue. Washington's  misplaced priorities are creating problems for the rest of America.   No one in Iowa whom I talk to is begging for more IRS auditors, but I  do hear about the urgent need for more teachers and daycare providers  because these folks are absolutely essential to communities across  Iowa. The childcare staffing crisis has an even bigger ripple effect on  families because it can determine where, when, and even if a parent can  work. Yet four in five childcare centers across the country are  understaffed. This is particularly pressing for my home State because  we lead the Nation in the percentage of families where both parents  work away from home.   Gov. Kim Reynolds is working hard to increase the availability and  affordability of childcare, and part of her plan is to pay recruitment  and retention bonuses to childcare providers to recognize them for  their hard work.    In addition, most of Iowa's restaurants and bars are also  shortstaffed, which is resulting in reduced hours of service for  customers and also longer shifts for current employees. To retain and  attract employees, restaurants are increasing benefits like free meals,  more flexible schedules, paid time off, and retirement contributions.  And, folks, that is great news for these hard-working Iowans, but it  also increases the cost of doing business.   So instead of increasing taxes on Iowa's small businesses to pay for  the IRS's new army of auditors, Washington should allow job creators to  keep more of their own earnings which can be put toward hiring more of  those essential workers--whether that be childcare providers,  construction workers, or food service employees--whom we all rely upon.  That is the help that America really wants. And while my Democratic  friends are working overtime to audit Americans, you can rest assured  that Republicans--we are auditing the IRS.   I yield the floor.   