 Mr. Speaker, it is Groundhog Day again on the House  floor. Yet again, our Democratic colleagues continue to gaslight the  American people by claiming that despite record turnout in recent  elections, Republicans are scheming to steal the sacred right to vote  from our fellow citizens.    What is their solution to the problem, which they assure you is very  real? It just so happens to be a partisan Federal takeover of elections  that empowers unelected bureaucrats in Washington to oversee local  elections and overturn popular voting protection laws. That is not  democracy; that is a violation of our Constitution.   The Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act, which was deceitfully added  to a NASA leasing authorities bill in the dead of night, is a  transparent attempt to diminish the voting power of law-abiding  American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are right  about one thing. Democracy and the principle of ``one citizen, one  vote'' are indeed being threatened. The Democrats are, in fact,  cynically championing this effort in spite of the fact that the  Democratic voters in New York State, a highly blue Democratic State,  rejected the very provisions in the John Lewis Voting Rights Act by a  substantial margin in a referendum vote just this past election.   With every attempt to allow noncitizens to vote and with each push to  ban commonsense voter identification laws, Democrats in Congress and in  places like New York City attack and erode election integrity.   By the way, Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitution clearly  states and protects the rights of our States to determine voting laws  and practices. However, the legislation before us today would force  upon the Nation a laundry list of damaging Federal policies, creating  chaos and insecurity in our elections, making it easier to cheat, and  overriding basic election integrity measures.   This assault must be stopped. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on  this misguided legislation.   