 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hern of Oklahoma and the  Republican Study Committee's Budget Task Force for their diligent work  in putting together this year's Republican Study Committee budget.  Thank God we have a budget. This important document lays out a road map  to restore fiscal sanity in America.   We are in a dire fiscal state. We here in Congress know it, and the  American people, more importantly, know it as well. President Biden and  Speaker Pelosi's reckless spending has led to 40-year high inflation,  proving once again that we simply cannot spend our way to prosperity.   Our national debt has grown by $7 trillion since the COVID pandemic  began. Today, it totals more than $30 trillion.   I have a wonderful constituent who puts the debt amount on his  building every single day on a main thoroughfare, a guy named Frank  Suits, who is a great American. He puts it out there just so the people  know how much we are spending and how this isn't making us prosperous,  especially in New York.   This is larger than our gross domestic product. In the face of this  sobering reality, what does President Biden propose? Spending even  more. His proposed budget increases spending by over 66 percent over 10  years and calls for $73 trillion--with a t--in new spending. Under  President Biden's plan, the United States will reach the highest  sustained spending limit in our Nation's history.   This is not how we jump-start an economy, control runaway inflation,  and deliver for the American people. The budget proposed by the  Republican Study Committee takes a different approach. It focuses on  reining in wasteful spending, balancing our budget for once, and  helping those in need while living within our means and focusing on  balancing the budget within 7 years.   The Republican Study Committee budget also includes a bill I  introduced, the Transparency and COVID-19 Expenditures Act. This  important legislation would require a full audit of and report on  Federal spending during the pandemic. With countless reports of fraud,  waste, and abuse, Americans have a right to know how their tax dollars  are being spent, how they were spent, and if they were spent the way  they were intended.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored that this bill is included in the  Republican Study Committee budget, further demonstrating the Republican  Study Committee's commitment to transparency, accountability, fiscal  responsibility, and just plain good governance.   Inflation in the United States continues to outpace much of the  developed world. It is clear to me and to the American people that this  isn't Putin's price hike. It is Biden's price hike.   Rather than doubling down on failed policies of the past and spending  even more of your money, our money, it is time for Congress to turn  around this ship, restore fiscal sanity to Washington, and put our  Nation back on a path to economic prosperity.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to Congressman Hern for his leadership and  especially his leadership on energy. What a lot of people don't realize  about New York State is we have among the richest shale reserves, the  Marcellus and Utica Shale, that we can't touch because of New York's  failed policies.   We could bring economic prosperity. We could bring national security,  energy security, to our Nation just from New York State and really just  bring our State around. That is something that we are fighting in New  York.   We hope with your leadership out in Oklahoma and across this Nation,  working with the Republican Study Committee members, which I am so  proud to be part of this great group, that we finally have a budget. We  are putting out a plan. We are telling the American people that we have  a plan, and we have a plan to win. We will make sure that the American  people come back and that America sees the greatness it once had.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hern for doing these Special Orders, for  highlighting this plan, for taking a leading role. We are grateful, and  we certainly could use a dose of prosperity in upstate New York.   