 Mr. President, on April 16, 2021, the House passed H.R.  1195, the Workplace Violence Prevention for Healthcare and Social  Service Workers Act. That legislation, sponsored by Congressman   Joe  Courtney, passed the House 254 to 166 with the support of 38  Republicans.   This legislation directs the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration to issue a standard requiring healthcare and social  service employers to write and implement a workplace violence  prevention plan to protect employees from violent incidents.   In the year since that legislation passed the House, we have been  unable to generate the same level of support from our Republican  colleagues needed to pass this legislation in the Senate. This is  disappointing because the issue of protecting our healthcare and social  [[Page S2352]]  service workers has never been more important.   Roughly three-quarters of all nonfatal workplace injuries happen to  healthcare workers.   While it is too early to have comprehensive data from the pandemic,  evidence from healthcare organizations suggests that workplace violence  has exploded during the pandemic, nearing crisis levels for healthcare  and social service workers. This workplace violence crisis is surely  contributing to the staffing shortages that many healthcare employers  have warned us about.   In Wisconsin, vacancy rates for healthcare positions have been  increasing, and threats against healthcare workers are viewed as the  main culprit. These workers care for our loved ones and comfort us in  our most trying times. They deserve to have the safe environment in  which to do their work that this legislation provides.   So as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 1195 and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, obviously, I am very disappointed, and I  would point out that a voluntary measure, as my colleague on the HELP  Committee just described, is not what we need when we step up to help  protect our frontline workers in emergency rooms and in multiple  settings where there is, sadly, an increasing propensity for violence.   Yesterday, I met with members of the American College of Emergency  Physicians, the people who work on the frontlines in our emergency  departments and emergency rooms across the country--as well as the  emergency nurses. One after another, they shared stories of the  violence they see and experience. I can't imagine walking into work  every day knowing that this could be the day that someone was going to  be struck or injured.   A doctor talked about being strangled with his stethoscope. A nurse  talked about hearing a fellow nurse being punched and then falling on  the floor, unconscious, and now with a concussion. I met a nurse  several years ago from Wisconsin who was beaten so severely by a  patient that she can no longer work in nursing.   We are not talking about studying a problem and coming up with a  voluntary solution; we are talking about a crisis happening to our  healthcare workers and at a time when they are also dealing with a  pandemic.   Healthcare workers, social service workers, nurses, and doctors have  been here this week. We will have more coming next week. These  frontline heroes, who have endured so much, deserve the protection of  an enforceable OSHA standard, not just a voluntary program, which is  already the status quo.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I suppose I prematurely gave my reasons  for objecting as I responded to Senator Braun's objection to passing  the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and Social Service  Workers Act; but, again, this is pretty much the status quo. If it is a  voluntary program, it is not an enforceable OSHA standard; and these  frontline heroes who have endured so much over the past few years, with  increases in violence and during the pandemic, deserve the legislation  that I have sponsored, the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health  Care and Social Service Workers Act. The House passed it over a year  ago, and that is what we should be taking up.   So I object.  [[Page S2353]]    