 Madam President, I rise in support of the Women's Health  Protection Act.   I am here today because I believe, as do most in this country, that  people should have the freedom to receive the reproductive healthcare  they need, including abortion. The Women's Health Protection Act would  protect that freedom.   Now, I am the only Senator in this body who has ever worked for  Planned  [[Page S823]]  Parenthood. I learned firsthand in that job that, if people don't  control their reproductive lives, they don't control anything in their  lives. Working at Planned Parenthood in Minnesota was an honor, and I  had the opportunity to hear the stories of patients, each with  individual, unique, personal reasons for receiving an abortion. This is  still the case for the patients who visit all of these clinics today.   Here is one story about a woman named Liz from Edina, MN.   At Liz's 18th-week ultrasound appointment, Liz's doctor told her that  her pregnancy was incompatible with life. She would either miscarry or  the baby would die moments after birth. Because of this diagnosis, Liz  decided to have an abortion. It was an agonizing experience for her,  but she was able to make the decision on her own terms.   Another story I want to share today comes from a patient from  Minneapolis.   At the age of 20, they were in an abusive relationship and found  themselves 7 weeks pregnant. They went to Planned Parenthood for their  abortion, and that abortion helped them to break from their affiliation  with their abuser. They eventually got back on their feet, and they  could pursue their dream of going to law school and starting a  marketing firm and having a family with somebody who they loved.   These are the stories of people facing one of the most important  decisions we humans will ever make: whether to become a parent. They  were able to make these decisions freely and for themselves. We should  all have this freedom. We should all be able to make these decisions  for ourselves, free from politicians and judges looking over our  shoulders and deciding for us. A majority of Americans agree with this.  They agree that abortion should be legal, and they understand that  reproductive healthcare, including abortion, is healthcare.   Yet, today, the reproductive rights of women in this country are at  their greatest risk since Roe v. Wade was decided decades ago, and it  is no mystery as to how we got here. What is happening today is the  culmination of a nearly 40-year effort by conservatives in the  Republican Party to radically remake the courts. It is 2022, and that  moment is here. The Supreme Court seems poised to overturn Roe, and if  that happens, half the States in this country will ban abortion  entirely--half the States.   In anticipation of this moment, rightwing Republican State  legislatures have been working to pass laws that will gut women's  healthcare and severely restrict our freedom. What this means is that  women's freedom and autonomy over our own bodies--our right to  reproductive healthcare, the healthcare that we need--will basically  depend on who we are and where we live. Make no mistake. Abortion care  will always--it will always--be available to women who have money. It  will be poor women and women of color who will lose this right.   This is why the Women's Health Protection Act is so important. We  need to listen to the voices of the majority of Americans who agree:  Women deserve the freedom and the dignity to make their own decisions  about their own bodies and their own lives. But the reality is, we can  no longer rely on the courts to protect this right. That is why we need  to pass the Women's Health Protection Act.   In a few minutes, we will vote on this bill, which would protect the  right to abortion in every State. It would advance racial justice. It  would limit the structural barriers to accessing abortion care and  protect everybody's freedom to make the best decisions for themselves,  for their health, for their families, and for their futures.   Colleagues, I urge you to vote to pass the Women's Health Protection  Act.   I yield the floor.   