 Mr. President, I rise today to honor Chicago's very  own WGN Radio for reaching its milestone 100th birthday this year.   In a century's time, WGN has reported on so much of our Nation's  history. The station is synonymous with Chicago's vibrant sports  history and has defined time and again what it means to have a vision  and work to see it through.   WGN, which stands for ``World's Greatest Newspaper'' and pays homage  to the Chicago's Tribune's 20th century slogan, comes from humble  beginnings.   Starting with a single staff member in 1922, WGN went on to cover  some of the past century's defining moments and solidify a legacy of  storytelling and determination.   In 1942, it was WGN who interrupted their broadcast of a Bears game  to report for the next 257 hours and 35 minutes on the attack on Pearl  Harbor.   On 9/11, WGN was there, focusing on Chicago's reaction to the events  on that tragic September morning.   As an Illinoisan, I am proud that WGN has consistently shown up  during some of our country's darkest days. But they have been with us  through many of our brightest moments too.   WGN went from broadcasting its very first sports game--a match  between the Cubs and White Sox--go Cubs--in 1924, to Wayne Larrivee,  Dick Butkus, and Jim Hart broadcasting the Chicago Bears' legendary  Super Bowl XX win to 2010's triumphant cries as the station's  broadcasters described Patrick Kane scoring the winning goal in  overtime, earning the Chicago Blackhawks the Stanley Cup for the first  time in 50 years.   WGN has not just been telling our stories for the last 100 years, but  they have become a vital member of our community.   Judy Markey and Kathy O'Malley's beloved afternoon talk show, and  making Mary Sandberg Boyle the station's first woman general manager in  2019, or bringing the voices like Orion Samuelson and Bob Collins to  our days--WGN is embedded in the hearts of so many Chicagoans.   WGN's legacy isn't just about radio. It is about community. It is  about being proud of where you have come from and where you are going.   So here is to 100 more years of WGN, and many more to come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   