 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Newhouse, my  friend, for gathering us together here to honor law enforcement and to  mourn several recently fallen police officers.   Whenever a police officers is killed in the line of duty it is a  tragedy, for the officer, for the family, and for the entire community.  Even one such death is too many. And in the last several weeks in  Washington State, there have been several, and we have mourned  together.   As I speak, the funeral is underway for Officer Dan Rocha, killed in  the line of duty in Everett on March 25. Just 2 weeks ago, I attended  the funeral for Pierce County Sheriff's Deputy Dom Calata, who leaves  behind his wife, Erin, his darling preschooler, Dylan, family, and  friends.   Dom's friend and partner in duty, Officer Rich Scaniffe, spoke at the  funeral. And he was critically injured at the same time but,  thankfully, survived and will make a full recovery.   Back in 2019, when I was first sworn into office, Kittitas County  Deputy Sheriff Ryan Thompson was also killed while serving his  community.    Every day, police officers put themselves in danger to keep our  communities safe, and every day, they and their families face the risk  that they might not make it home to their loved ones. This is why it  has been such a priority of mine to meet with police officers and  police chiefs to thank them for their work and to learn how I can help  support them and keep them and their communities safe.   I have heard from many of my constituents about rising crime rates in  our district, including these hostilities toward police officers.  Everyone, everyone deserves to feel safe in their communities. That is  why I voted to increase funding for local law enforcement a few weeks  ago, and why I will continue to push for funding to make  [[Page H4150]]  sure law enforcement have the tools they need to protect themselves and  our communities.   I am deeply grateful to police officers for their service. I  understand the worries that their families face daily, and mourn  together with families and communities for those who have been killed  in the line of duty.   May their memories be a blessing.   