 Reserving the right to object, my colleague is right-- he has been to the floor to talk about this issue, and I don't think,  though, that he has all the facts right.   We just had a major transportation hearing in the Commerce Committee  before we left for the holiday recess, and we heard from airline  executives--some who had implemented their own vaccines, some who had  implemented other mandates and systems on their own, and others who  basically responded to the Federal Government's desire to say that  passengers would be required to wear masks. All of them said that this  was a big success. All of them said that this, along with the Federal  dollars that went into preserving the airlines, allowed us and our  economy to recover better than other nations had; basically that when  the upswing in transportation got to the point where people felt it was  safe to travel, that those mechanisms themselves helped us have an  airline sector and industry that could respond so that we literally, by  Thanksgiving, were up to 85, 90 percent of where we had been the  previous year.   So my colleague, I think, would like us to predetermine today exactly  everything we are going to do on this issue; that we would prohibit the  President, the Department of Transportation, Amtrak, and the  Transportation Security Administration from making these decisions in  the future.   Now, I can just tell you, I get up every day and I read the press. I  also went to the gym today, and the first thing they said is, Where is  your vaccination card or we are not letting you in? So there is the  fact that businesses--the airlines and small businesses--are using this  as a tool. Even though DC has the highest explosion of COVID cases in  the Nation as a percentage right now--I understand that in the  neighborhood I live in, there was a pretty hearty New Year's Eve, but  everybody had to show a vaccination card to get into those businesses.  Those businesses decided they were going to stay open. Those consumers  decided they were going to participate--not the choice I would have  made, but they decided to do that, and they showed their vaccination  card.   So these businesses, the ones that the Federal Government is involved  in--Amtrak and our transportation system--they also might have further  issues in the future that they want to look at, so why pass a bill  today that restricts them from showing proof of COVID vaccine in order  to travel?   The proposals that were made at the time--we didn't really know 2  years ago now what was going to happen. But I can say--and that is why  we had our most recent hearings--that we were right that the  transportation sector was going to be critical to helping us fight the  pandemic, that it was going to be critical for us to respond in our  economy, and that it was going to be critical to providing essential  services to some areas of the United States. The things we did allowed  that air service to respond, and those business leaders showed up. In  fact, one of them made a little mistake and said: Oh, you know, I think  HEPA filters have really, really good responses, and maybe we don't  need anything.   Well, he corrected that the next day. He corrected it the next day.  He said: Oh, yeah, yeah, by the way, I believed in the mask mandate and  still do.   An airline executive was questioned by some of my colleagues, who  said: Why did you implement your own vaccine mandate of your employees?   He said: Because I wanted to have a workforce, and this is the best  way I could get this workforce.   So this isn't a clear-cut issue, but I know, right now, why should we  prohibit Amtrak or anybody from a decision that some of these small  businesses are making right in this neighborhood, here in DC or  probably Baltimore? My colleague has just joined us on the Senate  floor. These people are making these decisions, and all we are saying  is that the Federal Government, instead of passing Senator Scott's  bill, should also have that decision in the future in their toolbox if  they so choose. Why? Because the movement of commerce and  transportation is so important to our infrastructure. It is so  important to us as a nation to keep it going. I don't want to preclude  any of the tools in the toolbox at this moment.   So therefore, Mr. President, I object.   