 Madam President, we are living in the twilight of  Roe v. Wade and the incredibly important protections for Americans that  flow from it. For almost 50 years, the Supreme Court held that the  Constitution safeguarded women's access to critical reproductive  healthcare, including abortion, and rightly so. Most American women  have never lived without the ability to control their bodies, their  health, and their families' economic well-being.   As we learned last week from a draft opinion, the Supreme Court is  poised to strip away these fundamental freedoms from women around the  United States by overturning its own precedents. This would be one of  the very few times in American history when the Court has taken away  rights rather than expanding them. If this draft stands, young women  today will have fewer choices than their mothers and grandmothers had.   The Senate has an opportunity to pass Federal law to protect the  right to choose across this country. I urge my colleagues to take and  pass this legislation and do what a large majority of Nevadans and  Americans want: to let women make their own decisions.   Here is what could happen if the Supreme Court draft becomes law. If  the Supreme Court overturns longstanding precedent in June, the right  to choose will immediately cease to exist in about 18 States, and  others will act quickly to pass new bans on critical care. And within  months, restrictions on reproductive choice will be in place in  approximately half of the States, meaning that around the world, half  of the women around the country, half of the women of child-bearing age  will not be able to get critical care where they live.   The women who have the money and the time will travel to States like  mine that have legal protections for reproductive healthcare. In  Nevada, we are already seeing women traveling from Texas, where an  extreme law offers a $10,000 reward to vigilantes targeting anyone who  ``aids and abets'' abortions.   If Roe falls, it would automatically trigger abortion bans in  neighboring Idaho and Utah as well. We will see women traveling from  Nevada to those States too.   But the vast majority of women seeking reproductive care won't even  have the option to travel for care. We know what happens to these  women. The research shows that when people cannot get essential  reproductive care, their physical, their emotional, and their economic  health suffers, as does the health of their families. They can face  life-threatening pregnancy complications and long-term health impacts.   This Court decision will strip away women's power to make the best  decisions for themselves and their families. That means women will not  have the same control over their lives and bodies as men do, and that  is just wrong.   Nevadans understand something fundamental about the right to choose.  The fact is that you can never know what circumstances another person  faces until you walk in their shoes. That is why most Nevadans want to  preserve women's freedom to decide what healthcare they receive. They  know it is not right to impose their own beliefs on others when  Americans have such divergent religious views, economic and family  circumstances, and medical histories.    This is why family planning is so important. We have seen it again  and again over the years. Far-right, extreme Republican lawmakers want  to target the entire spectrum of reproductive healthcare and family  planning services.   The laws they are proposing in States like Louisiana and Tennessee  would keep women who want to become pregnant from getting fertility  treatments. They could stop women who are raped from getting the  morning-after pill to prevent a potential pregnancy. These laws could  block access to contraception for women who have painful menstrual  cycles or other health conditions or who simply don't want to have a  child.   It seems that these effects on women don't matter to many on the far  right, including Mitch McConnell, who is already discussing a  nationwide abortion ban that could threaten even Nevada's legal  protections.   That is why my colleagues and I are standing up for legislation that  will codify women's reproductive freedoms into Federal law. The Women's  Health Protection Act will preserve the right to choose nationally and  ensure that women have access to critical care.   If we want our daughters to grow up with the same freedoms we have  had for 50 years, we have to act now. We need to stand up for women in  America and trust them to make their own decisions about their health,  their families, and their lives.   I believe in American women, and that is why this fight for us is  now.   I yield the floor.   