 Madam Chair, I thank Chair DeLauro very much for her  indefatigable leadership of this committee in service to the American  people. I also thank Ranking Member Granger, as well as the dedicated  staff. Special plaudits to Ranking Member Simpson, a hardworking,  serious Member of Congress who devotes his considerable talents to real  challenges facing our Nation.   Our 2023 Energy and Water bill takes a significant step forward to  secure American energy independence, rebuild critical infrastructure,  foster scientific innovation, and sustain life on our corner of Mother  Earth.   We meet at a time when Lake Mead, once the largest water reservoir in  the United States, is now at record-low levels due to a punishing  Western drought across seven States that is sucking the Colorado River  dry. London, England, has experienced its hottest day at 104 degrees,  and forest fires are raging now across Europe and in our Nation, as  well.   Madam Chair, 6,600 wildland firefighters and support personnel are  containing 85 large fires and complexes that have already burned over 3  million acres in 13 of our States. Fourteen new large fires have been  reported, seven in Texas, two in Alaska, two in Washington, and one  each in Arizona, California, and Idaho.   In addition, Putin's unjust war against Ukraine crystalizes how  essential having a comprehensive energy independence strategy is for  our Nation, for our economy, and surely for our security.   America has been making great progress since the Department of Energy  was established in 1977, but we are not at home plate in energy  independence. With this bill, we are rounding second base and running  hard toward third on our way to home plate. We are diversifying across  many energy sectors that hold promise and are climate-friendly:  advanced nuclear, hydrogen, solar, and wind, but also thermal heat  recapture, conservation, and so much more.   In traditional sectors since 2010, oil production has doubled, and  natural gas production is about 60 percent higher. But, of course,  those supplies are finite. We must advance to infinite energy sources  for the long haul of our country and world.   Our bill invests over $56 billion for America's energy and water  priorities while supporting good-paying jobs across the country. Key  investments include $48.2 billion for the Department of Energy, $3.3  billion above enacted. Within the Department of Energy, as our citizens  experience water shortages, wildfires, and fiercer weather events,  energy efficiency and renewable energy receive record funding of $4  billion--yes, an $800 million increase above enacted. We live in  unusual times.   That includes a new office of State and community energy programs  that receives $562 million to increase energy affordability at a time  of inflation and transform our energy economy by working more  cooperatively with State, local, and community-level partners.   ARPA-E receives $550 million, $100 million above enacted, to  literally invent a new energy future for this country.   The Office of Science receives $8 billion, $525 million above  enacted, which  [[Page H6735]]  is so vital to America's energy innovation and research in the physical  sciences.   The new Defense Production Act Domestic Clean Energy Accelerator  receives $100 million to expand domestic manufacturing and help America  lead in solar and other clean energy industries that are being hacked  every day by, frankly, our political enemies.   We responsibly fund our nuclear deterrent while increasing funding  for nonproliferation programs.   The bill provides nearly $11 billion, $2.8 billion above the budget  request, to rebuild our water infrastructure and respond to the severe  Western drought.   