 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Forced Arbitration  Injustice Repeal Act.   Forced arbitration deprives workers of the choice to have their day  in court. When companies impose forced arbitration clauses, they choose  every aspect of the process. They choose the mediator; they choose the  location; and they choose the terms of the relief.   This is a lose-lose scenario, and it disproportionately harms  workers, particularly women and communities of color, but it imposes  enormous consequences for everyone.   You sign a contract for car repair, for car rental, for any consumer  transaction, and when you need that car rental, hidden in those  contracts is a prohibition from you taking any claim to court. No  choice, no notion, even, for the majority of people that this  fundamental right to that choice to sue an unscrupulous corporation is  being taken away from you when you sign that contract.   Madam Speaker, I think of this bill as a bill for the little guy or  the little woman. Women and people of color forced into arbitration  face mostly White male arbitrators in environments that heavily favor  corporate interests.   When musician Jay-Z entered arbitration without a single Black  arbitrator in the room, he asked for ``neutrals of color.'' But only  three suggested alternatives were Black, one of whom was a partner at  the law firm representing the opposing party.   Eliminating forced arbitration would open the courthouse doors for  women, for workers of color, for poor folks across this country,  advancing social equity and aiding the fight against discrimination.  But it is also the right thing for every single consumer to be able to  pursue this right to a day in court.   Just last week, President Biden signed into law my bill with  Representative Cheri Bustos to ban forced arbitration in cases of  sexual harassment and sexual assault. That will protect the right of 60  million workers to a fair day in court. And that is just the people who  are subject to employment contracts.   On top of that, it will apply, and it will apply retroactively, to  all the contracts around sexual assault and sexual harassment. That is  huge progress.   What is good enough in cases of sexual assault and sexual  harassment--and that bill passed in a bipartisan and bicameral way--is  good enough for all workers.   It is time to take the next step by passing this bill to extend these  protections to a fair day in court across the board.    Again, we emphasize that if somebody wants arbitration, it doesn't  stop that route, but it does say you can't be forced only into this and  into denying your day in court.   Now, let's also be clear that the FAIR Act is carefully crafted to  protect unions. It preserves essential union bargaining power while  creating freedoms for nonunionized workers. My colleagues on the other  side of the aisle have introduced an amendment that would undermine  that power. This cannot happen. We cannot allow our Republican  colleagues to undermine unions and the foundation of our middle class.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass the FAIR Act, and I thank  Congressman Hank Johnson for his leadership.   