 Mr. President, while we all gather to acknowledge this  historic day and prepare to vote to--in my case, at least--confirm  Judge Jackson, I rise to bring up another issue. I rise today to urge  my colleagues to pass into law commonsense legislation to bring down  oil and gas costs for Americans.   As many of my colleagues have discussed on this floor, Americans  across the country, including in my State of New Hampshire, are facing  higher costs from the grocery store to the gas pump. As we work  together to build a stronger, more resilient economy that strengthens  our supply chains and invests in American manufacturing, we must also  bring relief to American families right now, an issue that has become  even more urgent in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has  sent gas prices soaring.   As we continue to counter Putin's aggression and inflationary  challenges facing our economy, we have an obligation to work together  to bring down costs.   That is why I am working to hold Big Oil accountable for profiting  off of the pain that Americans are experiencing at the pump. That is  why I pushed the administration to release oil from the Strategic  Petroleum Reserve, an action I was glad to see the administration take,  again, just last week. As we look at all options to bring down costs,  one clear way to provide immediate relief is by suspending the gas tax  for the remainder of this year.   Earlier this year, my colleagues and I introduced a bill to do  exactly that. The Gas Prices Relief Act will temporarily suspend the  Federal gas tax through the end of the year, helping bring economic  relief to families.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Finance  Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 3609; that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Before I wrap up, I just want to point out what you just  heard--what the American people have just heard--is talking points  straight out of Big Oil's playbook.   A gas tax holiday is a commonsense solution that would provide  immediate relief for Granite Staters and Americans all over the  country. Big Oil holds thousands of unused permits at their fingertips  that they could use right now to increase supply. Instead, what is  happening is Big Oil is padding its pockets at the expense of  Americans.   Let's be clear. This would not take a dime out of the highway trust  fund because this bill instructs Treasury to replenish the trust fund,  something it has done half a dozen times in about the last decade. This  is something that has bipartisan support across the country--Democratic  and Republican Governors, Democratic and Republican legislators are  moving to suspend their gas taxes. This is something we could do right  now to help American families balance their budgets and make ends meet.   While I am disappointed to see my colleague block this critical  legislation, I will keep working to bring down costs for American  families and get this bill passed.   