 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  I salute the leadership of Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney and Ranking  Member   James Comer. I thank them both for bringing this important  legislation to the floor and their determined leadership to have a  bipartisan bill, which is really important, and doing so, again, in a  spirit of bipartisanship that would make our Founders proud.   Madam Speaker, 230 years ago this month our fledgling Nation took a  bold step toward the future by formally establishing the modern United  States Postal Service, a beautiful thread that continues to weave  together communities across America.   Today, I rise in support of the Postal Service Reform Act, which  takes long overdue actions to strengthen this pillar of our democracy  so that it can continue to serve our communities for decades to come.   Since our earliest days, when couriers on horseback traversed the  Colonies, America's postal system has been a model for the world.   Indeed, our Founders knew the value of a strong Postal Service,  enshrining it into Article I, Section 8 of our Constitution: ``The  Congress shall have the power . . . to establish post offices and post  roads.''   And, when Alexis de Tocqueville visited in the early 19th century, he  was in awe of how our Postal Service brought Americans together,  writing there was ``no French province in which the inhabitants knew  each other as well as 13 million men spread over the extent of the  United States.''   Yet, decades of poor policy decisions and chronic underinvestment  have put this all-American institution on the path of insolvency. As  was indicated by the gentleman who just spoke, experts project that  USPS will run out of cash as soon as 2024; and reduced services and  added delays would only continue and bring harm in every ZIP Code.   Meanwhile, our Nation continues to ask more and more of our postal  workers. Today, they deliver to nearly 159 million delivery points-- imagine that--159 million delivery points--across the Nation, and they  add one million more delivery points each year. And millions of  Americans depend on the USPS to deliver prescriptions, Social Security  benefits, paychecks, tax returns, absentee ballots, and more.   I will just say in the period of COVID the U.S. Postal Service was  angelic. It was delivering prescriptions to our veterans who were in  need of those prescriptions, as well as to seniors and others. So we  thank them for that.   So this legislation would put the Postal Service on stronger  financial footing while improving the reliability of its services while  protecting the benefits of employees and retirees.   The legislation makes bipartisan, commonsense provisions that will  welcome all future postal retirees into Medicare, free the U.S. Postal  Service from the unnecessary requirement to prefund retiree health  benefits 75 years in advance--and we call that a financial albatross-- and improve USPS reliability with new transparency measures that will  help ensure consistent on-time mail delivery.   I have much more on that that I will submit for the Record, Madam  Speaker.   As a mother of five and grandmother of nine, I heavily depend on the  Postal Service for all kinds of things. Children write letters to  Santa. They still write letters to Santa. They do not text Santa. Some  do, maybe, but the letter to Santa is very important. Parents sharing  graduation photos; friends offering condolences; wedding announcements;  whatever it is, it is still the duty of the Postal Service to deliver  it. And servicemembers communicating with home is so important.   This important legislation takes the strong step to empower the  Postal Service to continue its crucial mission to improve our lives,  touch our hearts, and connect our communities.   With that, I once again want to thank Chairwoman Maloney and Ranking  Member Comer, and I urge a strong bipartisan vote for this legislation.   And again, even though we are communicating electronically in so many  ways, there is no substitute for that personal connection that the  Postal Service provides for us.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chair for her strong  leadership in bringing the CR to the floor, but also for her relentless  work in negotiating the omnibus, what this is all about.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the CR that will keep  government open, meet the needs of the American people, and honor the  values of our Nation.   This short-term measure will ensure that we have the time we need to  finalize negotiations on a strong, bipartisan omnibus to fund the  government through the end of the year.   As I commend the gracious madam chair, Rosa DeLauro, the chair of the  Appropriations Committee, I want to also commend Ranking Member Granger  for her leadership as well.   This legislation extends government funding at current levels through  March 11. To be clear, this bill keeps government open while making  virtually no changes to existing funding policy. The CR does, however,  include urgently needed emergency funding to help clean up contaminated  drinking water leaking from the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility in  Hawaii. In doing so, we deliver a crucial downpayment to help the Navy  meet immediate needs and keep families safe.   In order to advance our priorities for our country and our  communities in the long term, Congress must enact an omnibus funding  package.   For families, a new full-year spending package means strengthening  public schools, protecting clean air and clean water, improving public  health, and ensuring food and consumer safety.   For workers, it means creating new jobs and supporting small  businesses.   For our veterans, it means funding for benefits, reducing backlogs  for veterans and their families seeking assistance, and meeting the  needs of the VA's healthcare system.   For our national security, it means support for our troops,  improvements to defense readiness and modernization, the securing of  our cyber infrastructure, and stronger leadership abroad.   Now that President Biden has proudly signed our bipartisan  infrastructure bill, it is essential that we enact an omnibus in order  to unlock billions in more Federal dollars for infrastructure projects.  While they were in the infrastructure bill, the money cannot be spent  unless we pass the omnibus.   This will help us rebuild our Nation while reinvigorating our middle  class, creating millions of good-paying jobs improving roads and  bridges, ports and airports, water systems, broadband, and more.   As the preamble to our Constitution states: It is our duty as  lawmakers to ``establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide  for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the  blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.''   Today, we uphold this sacred responsibility in the short term with  this continuing resolution. With our omnibus legislation, which we hope  to bring to the floor soon, we will take an important step to honor the  vision of our Founders.   Madam Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan ``aye'' vote.   