 Mr. Speaker, Women's History Month offers an opportunity  to reflect on the courageous, patriotic women who have helped write our  Nation's story.   Indeed, in every chapter of our history, women have been at the  forefront: fighting for our rights, forging progress in every aspect of  society, and pushing our nation to live up to our most cherished  ideals.   So, it is in that powerful, pioneering spirit that I rise today in  support of legislation that will honor two of these historic Americans:  Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.   From their seats on the highest Court in the land, they were not only  instrumental to upholding and defending our Constitution--but they  paved a path in the field of law for generations of women to follow.   With this bill, we honor their extraordinary service by welcoming to  the United States Capitol statues of these two trailblazing women.   Thank you to Congresswoman Lois Frankel for your tireless, persistent  leadership in establishing this special tribute--and for all that you  do for America's women and girls.   Thanks also to Chair Zoe Lofgren: who, at the helm of the Committee  on House Administration, has been a steadfast champion in bringing more  diversity and inclusion to monuments that fill the halls of the  Congress.   These statues will not only ensure that Justices O'Connor and  Ginsburg take their rightful place here, among the many heroes of our  history.   But they will also ensure that all those who walk these hallowed  halls--from Members and foreign leaders to young girls on school  trips--can learn about and be inspired by the legacies of these two  legendary leaders.   It is with great pride that, with this bill, we will soon welcome to  the halls of Congress a statue of a living legend: Justice Sandra Day  O'Connor.   Justice O'Connor has earned her deeply deserved place in history, as  the first woman ever to sit on the Supreme Court.   But beyond the barrier-breaking nature of her service, she brought to  the bench a pillar of courage, integrity and justice: our nation's  highest ideals.   On the Court, she was always an independent and influential voice-- bringing great wisdom, judgment and consideration to her opinions.   She also inspired the world as a proud working mother, proving that a  woman can both excel in her career and care for her family.   She raised her three young sons while serving in the Arizona State  Senate--where she was the first woman Maiority Leader of a State Senate  anywhere in the country.   And all were in awe of her strength in serving as her late husband's  caregiver during his battle with Alzheimer's.   Justice O'Connor once said: ``It's good to be first--but you don't  want to be last.'' Indeed, she always held open the door behind her:  mentoring so many young women in law, including our beloved Ruth Bader  Ginsburg.   And our Nation is so proud that Justice Ginsburg will join that of  Justice O'Connor here on Capitol Hill.   Ruth Bader Ginsburg truly embodied justice, brilliance and goodness-- and nearly every family in America benefited from her quarter century  on the Court fighting for equality, opportunity and justice for all.   The ``Notorious RBG'' quickly became an icon on the bench:   an outstanding and independent legal mind;   a tenacious defender of our fundamental rights; and   the author of fiery opinions still referenced to this day.   And throughout her entire career, she was a tireless advocate for  gender equality, whether:   working at the ACLU as the founder of its Women's Rights Project;   arguing cases before the Supreme Court;   or handing down legal opinions cementing the precedent that all men  and women are created equal.   After her devastating loss two years ago, it was my solemn privilege  as Speaker to welcome her one final time back to the Capitol to lie in  state.   Now, it is with great respect and admiration for her legacy of  powerful progress for women that the Congress passes this legislation  to ensure her statue will be a permanent fixture of our Temple of  Democracy.   It is fitting that we enact this legislation amid the historic  confirmation process of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson.   She was magnificent during the Committee proceedings last week-- demonstrating her brilliant legal mind, her remarkable confidence and  poise, and her unyielding commitment to justice.   And this is a moment of great pride and patriotism for our nation, as  she will soon make history as the first Black woman on the Supreme  Court.   Indeed, Judge Jackson is a blazing new trail for the next generation  of public servants--in the same pioneering spirit as the two  extraordinary leaders we are honoring with this legislation today.   God blessed America with the leadership of Sandra Day O'Connor and  Ruth Bader Ginsburg--and many of us today stand on their shoulders.   With this bill, we ensure that all visit the Capitol feel their  eternal presence and that our children will learn about their towering  legacies.   I urge a strong, bipartisan ``aye'' vote.   