 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah for yielding  to me today.   Mr. Speaker, I was encouraged to see George Washington University,  GW, reverse its decision to censor posters highlighting the human  rights abuses of the Chinese Communist Party, CCP.   The Olympic-themed posters bring attention to the CCP for its  oppression of Tibetans and Uyghurs. They also denounce China for  undermining democracy in Hong Kong, implementing an authoritarian  surveillance system over its own people, and for its dishonesty in the  handling of COVID-19.   Calling these posters racist is absurd and a dishonest attempt to  pander to an authoritarian regime housing ethnic minorities in modern- day concentration camps. They aren't promoting racism but decrying it.   Allowing students to stand up for human rights and democratic values  on college campuses should not be a point of controversy.   Condemning ethnic cleansing and genocide is not controversial.  Condemning the erosion of privacy is not controversial. Condemning the  destruction of democratic values is not controversial. In fact,  condemning these crimes should be something that unites all Americans.   The individuals who hung these posters are braver than many pundits  and politicians who are turning a blind eye to the CCP's atrocities. We  should celebrate their courage, not punish it.   Too many universities tout free speech policies but punish those with  different viewpoints for simply speaking their mind. We must allow our  colleges and university campuses to be places that welcome free speech  and an open exchange of ideas.   Speech meant to incite violence is never acceptable, and I condemn  racism in all its forms. Yet, we must ensure that we aren't letting  politically motivated groups cry wolf whenever someone says something  they may not want to hear or speaks up for the millions who cannot do  so themselves.   If cries of racism can be weaponized to silence political opponents,  then our country will be ruled by the diktats of political correctness  and a fear of censorship instead of rational free thought. If we want  to stay a self-governed and free country, then we must protect our most  fundamental rights, and this includes the freedom of speech.   Colleges and universities must protect the free and open exchange of  ideas. Silencing students or professors for challenging the status quo  makes university officials no better than the Chinese Communist Party.   In the end, GW made the right decision and should be commended for  it. I hope other schools will learn from this and support free speech  from the start.   