 Mr. President, thank you so much. I join my  colleagues. Thank you, Senator Wyden, for your on-point remarks and, of  course, Senator Murray, for her incredible leadership, not only of the  committee but on taking this issue on and making clear to the State of  Washington, yes, but also to the country that this should be a woman's  decision, a woman and her doctor, family's decision, and not a decision  made by politicians.   And part of this is making sure there is access to family planning.  Since this decision has come out, I could not believe the number of  women that have come up to me at home or in airports, flight  attendants, saying things like: Is this really happening? You mean, I  am going to have to go to another State just to get reproductive  healthcare?   So how about contraception? There are people talking about  contraception. People all over the country have realized how extreme  this decision is. And one of the people who has been leading  [[Page S3592]]  this fight--and, in fact, has been leading this proposal on expanding  access to family planning is my colleague Tina Smith. And she is here  in spirit today. She has a mild case of COVID. I know she is watching  right now because she has been fighting for the rights of women to make  their own decisions about their healthcare her entire life. She is the  only Senator in the history of the U.S. Senate that actually worked at  Planned Parenthood and has a firm understanding and has shown so much  leadership in this area. So we thank her. I am speaking for my  constituents, of course, to thank Tina Smith for her work and her  leadership.   As I noted, 26 days ago, the Supreme Court issued this rule shredding  nearly five decades of precedent protecting a woman's right to make her  own healthcare decisions. Now women are at the mercy of a patchwork of  State laws governing their ability to access reproductive care, leaving  them with fewer rights than their moms and their grandmas.   Last week, Senator Murray and I joined several of our Democratic  colleagues, including Senator Cortez Masto, who led this bill to  preserve a woman's right to travel to other States to access  reproductive care. Republicans blocked us. So we are back today because  if the Supreme Court won't protect a woman's right to make her own  healthcare decisions, if Congress can agree to put the protections of  Roe v. Wade into law, then everyone in this Chamber has to decide  whether they will protect women's healthcare or not. And that includes  making sure women have a right to abortion services, but it includes  having reliable access to family planning services.    Let's start by passing the Expanding Access to Family Planning Act to  protect and expand funding for title X clinics, which support maternal  health, cancer screening, contraception, and other essential  healthcare.   In 2020 alone--get this number--1.5 million Americans received  services through title X. But currently, Federal funding is not enough  to serve the number of people who need care. And in the wake of the  Supreme Court's ruling attacking the freedom and the autonomy of women,  it is likely that there will be even more demand in the years ahead.  That is why Expanding Access to Family Planning Act gives title X the  funding needed to serve women and families for the next 10 years.   This legislation is far from radical. The title X program was  actually created under a Republican administration. And the original  bill passed with broad bipartisan support. This is about making sure  women have a way to take care of themselves, especially when they are  pregnant.   Right now, I am thinking about all the women in this country facing  an unacceptably uncertain future. We should all be able to agree that,  at the very least, we should make sure that they have access to the  basic health services that title X provides--a provision that passed  during a Republican administration, created under a Republican  administration, that understood that women should be able to access to  healthcare.   There is a better path forward: We pass this bill, fund family  planning, and save women's lives. I call on my colleagues to join me in  supporting this necessary and completely pragmatic and sensible  legislation for the women of this country.   I yield the floor.   