 Madam President, it is an honor to join with my  colleagues to speak about someone that is a dear friend. And I have  often said to the Senator: You are not really leaving; I am putting you  in a closet and locking the door, and we are not letting you leave.   But then I know that Abby and Charlie and your whole family would not  appreciate that.   We first met back in the 1980s, when Senator Blunt was the secretary  of state in Missouri and I was a State legislator. It was the first  year that the national Jaycees went from 10 outstanding young men to 10  outstanding young Americans, and I had the honor of being one of three  women honored that year. But we met in Tulsa, OK, and Roy has often  joked that we met in a hotel room, but then he quickly explains what  that was to Abby. But we had the opportunity to be there together.   And then it wasn't until the 1996 election. We were both elected to  the U.S. House. We were standing on the steps of the U.S. House,  outside, to take a picture of the freshman class, and 1996 it was, the  end of the year. I turn around, and Roy Blunt is standing right next to  me. And I said: I know you.   We gathered together again and really struck up a friendship. Then we  both were on the House Agriculture Committee, and the very first bill I  think either of us ever introduced was this very exciting bill about  wheat germ. So I often was asked what was the first bill I ever  introduced, and it was a wheat disease bill. But Roy and I got it done  and went on to really form a wonderful friendship ever since.   I was very excited when he then joined us in the U.S. Senate. As many  people know, in addition to our having led the bills on community  health centers, we have partnered together on a new concept of  community behavioral health clinics, actually, funding mental health  and addiction services the same as physical health, and that started 10  years ago.   We stood on the floor of the Senate when we first introduced the bill  and talked about how President John F. Kennedy had actually signed--the  last law he ever signed, the last act he ever  [[Page S6985]]  signed, in 1963, was an act to create community mental health centers.  And the idea was to close, at that time, what they called asylums and  give people community care; care close to home, families, support  people; to be able to be in the community and be successful. Well, the  hospitals got closed, but the rest of it never happened.   So I am so honored to have partnered, and want to continue to  partner, with Roy as he leaves here for other things, to move forward  the rest of the story, which is effective community care for folks, not  in a jail, not in an emergency department, but in the community, with  their family, allowing them to be successful and work and living their  lives because they are getting the care that they need. So I am very  honored to have had the opportunity to work with Roy on that as well.   Now, Senator Wicker was talking, and I thought he might have said  something about the trip that we took together to Asia with Senator  Blunt. Senator Blunt was wonderful at putting together bipartisan  trips, and we had the opportunity to go to a number of places in  Australia because part of everything else that he does is that he has  been one of the leaders in an interparliamentary partnership with the  United States of America and Australia. And I was pleased, I think last  year, to see you receive a very significant honor here because of your  work.   But we had an opportunity to travel together with Abby and for all of  us to be together and really show a bipartisan front to other world  leaders.   I will say as an aside that you never want to play cards with him  because he is a very good card player, and I have often said that I  think he counts cards because he is so good.   On a serious note, I really am going to miss this gentleman from  Missouri. I am proud to have him as a friend, as a partner, and someone  who really exemplifies what it means to be a statesman, to be a public  servant.   And I just send you all my best and all my love for you and your  family.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my floor  statement on the judge we are about to vote on be completed before the  vote.    Having listened already to speak about Senator Blunt, I  also want to say my thanks and best wishes to Senator Inhofe and  Senator Shelby. I had an opportunity in the EPW Committee to speak more  about my work with Senator Inhofe, but to both of you, we deeply  appreciate your service to our country.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   