 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this is a  shameful attempt by the Republicans to keep working Americans buried  under mountains of student debt.  [[Page S4599]]    President Biden's decision to cancel up to $20,000 of Federal student  debt for as many as 43 million Americans with incomes under $125,000 a  year is a historic step to delivering life-changing relief to working  families and to helping rebuild America's middle class.   Senator Scott's bill is just one of the Republicans' desperate  efforts to block cancelation for millions of Americans. Now, the  Republicans are happy to pass out tax breaks and regulatory loopholes  for billionaires and giant corporations, but they are fighting tooth  and nail to keep working families from getting a penny of relief.   Evidently, Senator Scott believes that $2 trillion in Republican tax  cuts that were not paid for is fine so long as those tax cuts are aimed  mostly at millionaires, billionaires, and giant corporations. But a  program that costs a fraction as much and for which 90 percent of its  benefits go to people earning less than $75,000 a year is now somehow a  moral outrage.   Today, he claims to worry about those taxpayers who he says will  shoulder student loan cancelation, but where was Senator Scott, or  then-Governor Scott, when Donald Trump and the congressional  Republicans handed out $2 trillion in tax breaks to billionaires and  giant corporations, not a penny of which was paid for? Where was he  then?   Well, he endorsed the Trump administration's plan to cut taxes for  corporations, and he celebrated those tax breaks for the richest among  us. He wasn't worried about how taxpayers would pay that off--not a  word about the fairness for all of the people who would bear that  burden, so long as the benefits went mostly to the rich and powerful.   Senator Scott has basically laid it all out there for America to see,  and that difference--helping billionaires or helping working families-- pretty much sums up Republican and Democratic differences across the  board. If we are cutting a break for the rich and the powerful, the  Republicans are on board. If we are trying to help out working people,  congressional Republicans take to their fainting couches and claim to  be so worried about the national debt.   Student loan cancelation is very popular in America, including with a  majority of people who have no student loan debt. That is because there  is scarcely a working person anywhere in America today who does not  know someone who is choking on student loan debt. Yet, evidently, the  Republicans in Congress live in bubbles that prevent them from meeting  any of the millions of people out there who have busted their tails,  who have worked multiple jobs, who have made their payments, and who  still watch their debt loads continue to climb.   So let me just set the record straight here. I want to repeat an  earlier point. Nearly 90 percent of relief dollars from President  Biden's cancelation will go to Americans earning less than $75,000 a  year, and none--none--of the help goes to people making more than  $125,000 a year.   Now, actually, those numbers shouldn't be shocking. Think about who  owns student loan debt. Senator Scott talked about Harvard multiple  times in his speech, but it is not the wealthy people who go to Ivy  League schools who end up with the student loan debt. It is middle- and  working-class Americans who were born into families who couldn't afford  to pay out-of-pocket. In fact, 99.7 percent of borrowers did not attend  an Ivy League school. So that would mean--what?--three-tenths of 1  percent of people who went to Ivy League schools borrowed money.   By comparison--I just looked it up while the Senator was speaking--at  the University of Florida, 15 percent have to borrow in order to make  it through to graduation. At Florida State, 26 percent--that is one in  every four people at Florida State--has to take out money in order to  be in college. At Florida A&M, the numbers are even higher: 68 percent.  More than two-thirds of the people who are in school have to take out  money in order to make it through college. This is true across the  country. At State schools, about half of all students have to borrow to  make it through. At historically Black colleges and universities, the  number is about 90 percent.    So let's be really clear about who exactly congressional Republicans  are trying to take relief away from. It is not Ivy Leaguer doctors and  lawyers. Who are the people the Senate Republicans say aren't worthy of  the kind of help that billionaires and giant corporations could get in  their big tax package? Who do Senate Republicans think should be  squeezed harder? Who do Senate Republicans say should simply be left  behind?   Well, the Senate Republicans want to leave behind the 42 percent of  borrowers who do not even have a 4-year college diploma. These are  folks who took out money--loans--in order to become a nurse's aide, to  become a mechanic, to go to beauty school, to get a commercial driver's  license to drive a truck, and, too often, the wages that they were  promised never materialized.   Senate Republicans say: Let them struggle. Leave them behind.   Who gets the most help under President Biden's cancelation? Senator  Scott said this is all about doctors and lawyers. Let's take a look at  that.   The share of student loan borrowers who earned a cosmetology  certificate is about double the share of borrowers who got professional  degrees in law and medicine combined.   Senate Republicans say: Let those cosmetology certificate holders  struggle. Leave them behind.   Similarly, there are more student loan borrowers who took out debt to  earn a certificate for driving trucks and working on the railroad than  those who did so to become dentists and optometrists.   Senate Republicans say: Let those truckdrivers and railroad workers  struggle. Leave them behind.   It is not just the people who have 2-year degrees or certificates who  get help under President Biden's cancelation. It is the people who  don't have any degree at all. These are people who did everything our  country asked them to do by graduating from high school and advancing  their educations, but life happened: They got pregnant or they had to  take care of a sick family member, and they had to leave before  finishing their degree.   Senate Republicans say: Let them struggle. Leave them behind.   Who gets help? It is women, who hold nearly two-thirds of all  outstanding student loan debt. Black women, in particular, shoulder a  disproportionate amount of the student loan debt burden--Black women,  who hold more debt than any other group.   Senate Republicans say: Let them struggle. Leave them behind.   Who gets help? It is Black Americans, who borrow more money to go to  college, borrow more money in college, and have a harder time paying it  off after college. They are the ones who will see their debt eliminated  under President Biden's cancelation plan. Senate Republicans say: Let  them struggle. Leave them behind.    Who gets help? It is the 50 percent of Latino borrowers with debt who  will see their student loan debt completely eliminated. Senate  Republicans say let them struggle. Leave them behind.   Who gets help? It is the millions of people who couldn't save for  retirement, or buy their first home, or start a family because of  student debt. Senate Republicans say let them struggle. Leave them  behind.   We are living in a moment when the President of the United States has  reached out, literally, to tens of millions of families and said: I am  putting government on your side. But the congressional Republicans are  determined to make this country work even better for the rich and the  powerful. That is why they are trying to pass the bill that Senator  Scott has advanced.   These Republicans are all for giving handouts to giant corporations  and billionaires. But the minute--the minute--that our country creates  a little breathing room for the millions of hard-working people whose  biggest sin is they tried to get an education and they grew up in a  family that just couldn't afford to pay for it, those Senate  Republicans are right here on this Senate floor trying to undo it.   I want to take a minute and just look at the bigger picture to see  how we got here.   We have a student debt crisis because our government stopped  investing in higher education and began shifting the costs of college  onto working families.   I went to a great public university that costs $50 a semester--a  price I could pay for on a part-time  [[Page S4600]]  waitressing job. I got to become a teacher, a law professor, and a U.S.  Senator because higher education opened a million doors for a kid like  me. But that opportunity no longer exists in America.   Today, college costs thousands, even tens of thousands, of dollars.  And instead of investing taxpayer dollars to help bring down those  costs, the State governments reduced their financial support, and the  Federal Government told everyone to borrow the money they needed to  cover the rising costs of going to school. That has left millions of  Americans drowning in student loan debt.   What is worse, families have had to navigate a broken student loan  system riddled with bad actors who are trying to take advantage of and  profit off keeping them in debt.   During the Trump years, Betsy DeVos, the Secretary of Education,  threw in with the for-profit schools. And when students who had been  cheated asked for some help, she turned her back.   I have long pushed for more accountability and more oversight to  bring down the cost of college and to make higher education and  training programs more accessible. I have a plan for that. In fact, I  have more than one plan for that, and I welcome any Republican to join  me in helping make any of these options reality.   But cancellation is the first step to fixing a broken student loan  system and to delivering relief to families who have been trapped in it  for far too long.   One final point: The President's plan to cancel student debt will  make a huge difference for tens of millions of Americans in their day- to-day lives. But it will do so much more. Debt cancellation is about  strengthening our whole economy. Better educated workers make us a  wealthier nation and one with more opportunity, not just for those at  the top but more opportunity for everyone.   Just consider one example. Following World War II, a grateful nation  said to returning GIs that taxpayers would pick up the cost of college  and technical training. More than 2 million veterans went to college or  graduate school and nearly 6 million used this opportunity to pursue  vocational training to become construction workers, electricians,  mechanics, and other careers. Together, these men--and they were nearly  all men--built America's middle class.   Taxpayer investments in post-high school education meant that  millions of people were better educated, and they helped fuel an  economic boom that lasted for decades and lifted this entire Nation.  And it was a bargain. Every dollar that was spent on educating our  veterans generated $7 to taxpayers. That is not even counting for the  significant boost to productivity from a more educated population. Just  think about that: a 7-to-1 payoff for investing in higher education for  all our people.   President Biden saw something that he could do to help tens of  millions of Americans struggling under the weight of student debt and  invest in the future of our economy, so he did it. Debt cancellation  was the right thing to do. That is why the majority of Americans--with  or without loans--support cancellation.   I am celebrating because cancellation will provide life-changing  relief for working families across this country. That is why I object  to the Senate Republican's shameless attempt to deny people the relief  they need.   I yield the floor.    So I am still waiting for an answer to the question:  Where were these Republicans who were talking about fiscal  responsibility and what is fair in terms of transferring costs, when it  was the billionaires and the giant corporations who were getting a $2  trillion tax break?   Let us remember--because I was here when that happened--even the  conservative economists and think tanks were saying this is going to go  on the debt balance because it is not paid for.   No. At that moment, they were willing to say: But it is going to  produce all kinds of wonderful benefits--which, of course, did not come  to pass.   What about the example I gave, the example about the investment that  we made as a country in our returning veterans; the fact that we  invested so 2 million of them could get college diplomas, so that  millions more could get technical degrees? What about the fact that the  numbers show American taxpayers got a return on that investment of 7 to  1? This really is about who we invest in.   It seems that what Senator Scott is saying is people shouldn't go to  school. If you are in a family that you can't guarantee that you are  going to have some assets to back you up, if you ever have to think  about the fact that you might get sick, you might fall down, you might  get hurt, and you might not be able to finish, or you might not be able  to turn that degree into a high-paying job, or you might graduate at a  moment when the economy is in a slump, what Senator Scott seems to be  saying is: Don't order off that menu. Don't go to school. Don't try to  get a post-high school certificate in cosmetology. Don't try to get a  certificate for truckdriving school. Don't try to get a 2-year diploma.  Don't try to get a 4-year diploma. That is not going to make America a  better or richer country. That is not going to be an America that is  going to open opportunities.   The next time Senator Scott or any other Republican talks to me about  fair, I would ask them to explain to me what is fair that the daughter  of a janitor a half a century ago could go to a good 4-year college on  $50 a semester? Why? Because American taxpayer invested in those public  colleges and universities. And today that opportunity is not there for  a single one of our kids.    When you want to talk about who has college debt, instead of talking  about the three-tenths of 1 percent of Ivy League grads who have  college debt, look at the 68 percent of Florida A&M grads who have  college debt. That is shameful. We need to be an America that is about  creating more opportunities, not closing them off for tens of millions  of people.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, I want to ask the Senator if he believes  that the 68 percent of students at Florida A&M University who have  student loan debt should never have gone to college because it turns  out their families couldn't afford to pay for college in Florida.   Should they just never have tried?    Mr. President, can I ask for a clarification of that  answer?    So, among the 68 percent of Florida A&M students who have  student loan debt--I believe I heard the Senator say he made it  possible for them to afford college, and I am wondering if he could  explain how they could have afforded college without taking on that  whole student loan debt.    Mr. President, you know, I really do think about this  transfer question, and I find myself asking: Who paid for Jeff Bezos's  yacht? Is it the taxpayers who said: Now, we--America's middle class,  America's working class--are actually going to have to pick up the  slack. And they will be the ones who have to pay to keep the military.  They are the ones who will have to pay for roads and bridges. They are  the ones who will pay for investment in science. But the billionaires  can get richer and richer and richer and pay little or nothing in  taxes. That is a giant transfer, and yet none of our Republican  colleagues seem interested in talking about that transfer and just  putting a stop to the outflow from hard-working, middle-class families  over to the billionaires and the giant corporations.   I yield the floor.   