 Mr. President, I, along with my colleague Senator  Rosen, am pleased to be able to speak out today. We have both been  working throughout our time here in the U.S. Senate to support Nevada's  booming renewable energy industry, including our solar sector for so  many of the reasons that my friend and colleague Senator Rosen  highlighted right now.   There is one thing that is important to also understand, and I want  to put this in perspective. In 2020, I helped to secure extensions of  the investment tax credit and the residential renewable energy tax  credit for solar so that we could increase private sector investments  in this critical sector.   What has happened is, with this investigation--and don't get me  wrong, and I think all of my colleagues feel the same way--that under  the statute, under the code, the Commerce Department has every right to  investigate this circumvention petition. That is not the issue that,  for me, we are coming here today. What we are asking the administration  to do, at least from my perspective, is pursuant to that very statute,  under sub (f), the administrator--in this case, the Department of  Commerce and their incredible staff, which they do have working on  this--are required to make a determination within 300 days of the  petition being filed--within 300 days of the petition being filed. What  we are asking is for that swift determination to be made.    Here is why: Because we know in our State, and what I am hearing from  so many of the industry in my State, it is having a chilling effect  from us moving forward and being able to move forward to, quite  honestly, achieve this administration's goal of aggressive  decarbonization targets for this country and for our future.   What I do know is this: Because of the chilling effect it is having  during this period of investigation, there are a couple of things that  are happening. In the solar industry right now, everything is on hold.  There are concerns that, depending on how the outcome of this  investigation rolls out, there could be retroactive tariffs applied to  these solar industries, more costs to these solar industries. So, of  course, any business is going to say, wait, I don't know in the  industry what the lay of the land is right now, what my costs are going  to be, so I am going to stop moving forward until I know the results of  that investigation, because if there are retroactive tariffs,  retroactive costs to me, I want to be able to know about that as a  business owner.   Here is the other thing: Because of this chilling effect, because  nothing is moving forward, I talked about the fact that we actually  passed, under the previous administration, in 2020, extensions of the  investment tax credit and the residential renewable energy tax credit  for solar. So we gave incentives to the solar industry in 2021 and  2022, at 26 percent so that we can build up our solar industry; so that  we can reduce our carbon footprint; so we can meet our decarbonization  aggressive goals that we had. And then at 26 percent, they are entitled  to that tax credit from years 2021 to 2022, and then it goes down to 22  percent in year 2023, down to 10 percent in year 2024 for commercial,  and 0 percent for 2024 residential. If nothing is moving forward,  nobody is getting the benefits of that investment tax credit that we  fought so hard for under the previous administration to move forward  with.   Here is what our challenge is in this country: Yes, we are all here  because we want to move forward with this decarbonization. We want to  move forward with clean energy. Solar is a way to do that. But we need  a ramp to get there. We cannot shut off the components, the modules,  the panels--everything we need. And 80 percent of those panels come  from outside of this country. We cannot shut it down overnight and  expect our small solar manufacturing companies to achieve the capacity  that we need in this country to continue to move forward. So we need a  longer ramp. We need to figure out, working together, how we make this  happen, with our ultimate goal being reducing that carbon footprint in  this country, bringing back that supply chain and building and making  it in America again, all of those panels, the modules, everything that  we need for solar. But it can't be done overnight.   Yes, we have put those investments out there to bring that  manufacturing here. Yes, we have a new plant going in in Ohio, which is  fantastic. But I will tell you, that one plant alone isn't enough to  achieve what we need in capacity for the solar industry in this  country.   So as we stand here, what is happening is that nothing is moving  forward, and we now have a potential of losing out potentially to other  countries and slowing down a process that we need to reach our clean  energy goals for this country.   That is why so many of my colleagues, including in Nevada but across  the country, are coming up and talking with the administration. What we  are just asking is for the administration to understand the challenges  that we are facing right now but at the same time, make a swift,  determined investigation and action. Do it quickly, quickly, so that we  can move forward, so that the solar industry has the information that  it needs.   Why are we so vocal about this? I will tell you, Nevada's solar  industry is the largest in the Nation. The industry supports more jobs  per capita in my State than in any other. Many of those are union jobs,  and they are on hold right now, and nothing is moving forward right  now. That is not, I don't believe, the intent of the administration or  what we have been trying to achieve here at the end of the day as we  look forward to a clean energy economy.   I know this industry in my State makes our economy much stronger and  more resilient. Solar and other renewables help us meet our climate  goals and enhance our energy independence in this country, which we  need now more than ever. An investment in renewable energy is lowering  energy costs for Nevadans across the State.   Right now, my concern is because of the hundreds of union-trained  workers whose progress on building out critical solar capacity will be  at risk if they can't get the material they need to move forward  quickly--we are slowing down not only the potential to meet that clean  energy future, but we are slowing our economy, and we are putting too  many of our good-paying union workers out of jobs right now.   So my request, and I believe with my colleagues, was that we are  asking the Commerce Department just to make a swift decision here. Yes,  they should be doing this. Yes, this is their right under the statute.  Yes, the circumvention petition is important so that we can prevent any  type of dumping by other countries and flooding our market. Absolutely,  I agree. But within the provisions of the trade laws that we have right  now and the statute, the Commerce Department rightly does the  investigation, but they can do it quickly. And that is all we are  asking here.   I yield the floor.   