 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Water  Resources Development Act of 2022. I am grateful for Chairs DeFazio and  Napolitano and Ranking Members Graves and Rouzer as well as the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee staff for working with my  office and me to ensure that some key needs for Georgia were met.   My district specifically is home to Lake Lanier and the Buford Dam,  which are critical resources in the Chattahoochee River Basin. The  Chattahoochee River supplies 70 percent of metro Atlanta's drinking  water, and it is hard to overstate how essential the lake and river are  to the metro area. The river is also a key source of water for farmers  and agriculture throughout the State. But according to the  Chattahoochee Riverkeeper, more than 1,000 miles of waterway within the  watershed do not meet water quality standards.   This bill would authorize a watershed-based study for the  Chattahoochee River Basin which will allow the Army Corps of Engineers  to assess the water resource needs of the basin, including ecosystem  protection and restoration, flood risk management, watershed  protection, water supply, and drought preparedness.   This bill also includes my important legislation, Lake Lanier and  Upper Chattahoochee River Safety Act, which would direct the Army Corps  to carry out a review of potential threats to human life and safety  from the use of the river. Unfortunately, there are parts of the river  that are extremely dangerous, and during a release of water from Buford  Dam, the Chattahoochee can rise as much as 11 feet in 1 minute. Based  on the findings of this review, the bill would authorize the Corps to  take measures necessary to make the river safer and minimize or  eliminate some of these hazards.   Finally, I am proud to see Lake Lanier included as a focus area in  the previously authorized harmful algal bloom demonstration program  which will allow the Corps to work with local stakeholders to research  tools for freshwater HABs detection, prevention, and management which  is critical to protecting the drinking water of millions of people.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today delivers for my constituents  and the people of Georgia. It delivers for the people of this country.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   