 Madam Speaker, I am very, very proud to  rise today in support of this game-changing, historic bill, the Speak  Out Act. I thank our Senate and House sponsors, Representatives Buck  and Bustos and Senators Gillibrand and Blackburn.   Thanks also to the Committee on the Judiciary, to our staff, and to  Becca Flikier in my office. Most especially, thanks to two very, very  courageous women who may be with us today, Gretchen Carlson and Julie  Roginsky, who, against all odds, fought back against the abuse of  powerful men and a powerful corporation and who have lifted the voices  of women by leading efforts to stem the scourge of sexual harassment  and assault in the workplace and civic society. Thank you to Gretchen  and Julie.   Today, Madam Speaker, we will pass legislation that, in tandem with  the no forced arbitration law, is aimed at stopping sexual abuse in the  workplace and holding abusers accountable.   With all due respect to my friends on the other side, we are here to  protect women from being raped, not States from being raped.   Current Federal law and most States allow employers and others to  force nondisclosure agreements into employment and consumer contracts  that silence survivors of sexual assault and harassment. These are  known as forced NDAs, and one-third of our workforce is subject to  them.   Madam Speaker, I have an example of one right here. I mean, for a  layperson to look, I would just tell you, it is a bunch of  gobbledygook. Nowhere would you know from reading this NDA, which is  very typical, that it means if your boss rapes you, you can't tell a  soul about it or you will be penalized.   Businesses are using these NDAs to cover up their dirty little  secrets of sexual abuse that force survivors to bear the trauma in  silence. It is not bad enough, Madam Speaker, that a survivor is  humiliated, emotionally scarred, or physically hurt, that they have to  quit their job or turn down a promotion or leave the field entirely. If  they are forced to sign an NDA before a dispute arises, they must  suffer in silence and not even be able to tell a spouse, a parent, or a  coworker. If they do, they can be fired or disciplined or sued for  damages and attorney's fees. That is crazy and that is unjust.   Forced NDAs punish the survivor and protect the perpetrator, who is  set free to abuse and abuse and abuse again.   Today, we hold abusers accountable and change the culture of the  workplace. Employers who were used to sweeping these stories under the  rug will now be forced to stop toxic workplaces, sexual harassment, and  sexual assault before it happens. This should lead to safer, more  productive workplaces and a civic society for all.   The change couldn't come soon enough. It is not just the movie and  the TV personalities we have read about that have been the victims of  sexual abuse in the workplace. One in three women, disproportionately  women of color, have suffered sexual harassment in the workplace. There  are 71 million women in the workplace. That is millions and millions of  women who have to endure this.   In our bipartisan Women's Caucus, we heard story after story from  hotel maids raped by guests, waitresses pinched by their customers to  earn tips, farmworkers assaulted in the field by their supervisors, a  tech worker forced to date potential customers.   It doesn't matter whether you are a hotel maid, a farmworker,  secretary, or CEO. People in all walks of life are being  inappropriately touched, raped, and harassed by supervisors, coworkers,  customers, and service providers. The Speak Out Act, Madam Speaker,  will make these forced NDAs null and void.    Madam Speaker, it does not prevent a  business from protecting its trade secrets, and it does not prevent  giving the survivors an option to sign an NDA at a post-claim  settlement if they choose.   So, folks, let's all say ``no'' to the dirty little secrets that  promote sexual  [[Page H8520]]  abuse, ruin lives, and degrade businesses.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans alike,  to vote ``yes'' on the Speak Out Act.   