 Mr. Speaker, I proudly stand with my  colleagues to condemn the terrorizing of our historically Black  colleges and universities.   The cowards who made bomb threats to America's HBCUs sought to sow  fear on the very campuses where Black scholars seek belonging, safety,  and support.   They exploited the legacy of bombings long inflicted on Black  communities, like those ignited in Jim Crow Florida at White businesses  that served Blacks, at synagogues, and at the home of the brave civil  rights pioneers, Harry and Harriet Moore.   They tried to light the same fires of hatred right outside Black  bastions of higher learning, like Florida Memorial, Edward Waters, and  Bethune-Cookman Universities.   On the first day of Black History Month in 2022--2022--over a dozen  other HBCUs saw bomb threats and lockdowns. If Howard and Spelman  aren't safe, they seem to warn, then neither is FAMU.   HBCUs were always scholarly havens when Whites shut Black students  out, and they still mold strong Black leaders, celebrate Black culture,  and nurture academic excellence.    Hatred cannot diminish that, and it will not, but only if we unite as  one to affirm that racism and terror will not be tolerated on college  campuses, especially our HBCUs. A threat to one, after all, is a threat  to us all.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and for bringing this resolution to the floor.   I rise today in support of this bipartisan resolution condemning the  horrific domestic terrorist attack in Colleyville, Texas.   Saturday, January 15, 2022, was supposed to be a day of rest and  prayer for Jews across the world. Instead, it was a day of hate, fear,  and violence.   Four people walked into Congregation Beth Israel as worshipers, but  they walked out as survivors. Their Jewish identity alone put them at  risk of inherent danger. They were ordinary citizens distinguished only  by their faith.   In 2022, this may seem unfathomable. Tragically, it is not.   It is clear that the terrorist responsible subscribed to anti-Semitic  conspiracy theories and dangerous tropes.   Due to the valiant efforts and skills of first responders and the  bravery of these hostages, these worshipers made it out safely.   While no one was physically hurt, the trauma leaves scars far deeper  than any headline could convey. Those wounds and trauma are felt not  only in Texas, but they reverberate all over this country in Jewish  communities and Jewish sanctuaries all over the United States and the  world.   Generations of Jews have faced and continue to face bigotry, hate,  and violence every day. Jews are attacked on public streets, assaulted,  and our synagogues are vandalized.   Anti-Semitic literature has been distributed in neighborhoods in many  parts of this country, including my community in South Florida.   Anti-Semitism is rising at an alarming rate, and an astounding amount  of it has become mainstream.   One in four American Jews has been the target of anti-Semitism over  the past year. Four in 10 have changed their behavior out of fear of  anti-Semitism. That includes people being afraid to wear a Star of  David in public and men afraid to wear a kippah who would wear one  normally in their everyday life.   On a personal note, as the first Jewish woman elected to Congress  from Florida, my family and I know what it feels like to be the target  of anti-Semitic hate.   To combat this scourge in our communities, leaders throughout our  country must clearly, firmly, and forcefully denounce the alarming rise  in rampant hate, violence, and harassment targeting Jewish Americans.    Today's resolution is an important condemnation of one act, but we  must go further. It is time for this body to vote on a resolution that  unambiguously and singularly denounces anti-Semitism.   It should not take a domestic terrorist attack for this body to do  that.   We need an unequivocal, bipartisan condemnation of anti-Semitism.  Enough is enough.   We must denounce the alarming rise in anti-Semitism in the United  States and globally and issue a call for real action to combat it.   Hatred and bigotry against one community are often only a symptom of  a deeper problem affecting all ethnic, racial, and religious  minorities. This resolution condemns a terrible incident, but we must  condemn the underlying root cause of anti-Semitism.   I thank Congresswoman Van Duyne, my good friend, for bringing today's  resolution to the floor.    Mr. Speaker, we must increase the Nonprofit  Security Grant program so it can continue its essential work of  protecting Jewish and other faith-based institutions across the  country.   We must confirm Dr. Deborah Lipstadt as the State Department's  Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism to advance our  efforts to combat discrimination against Jewish people worldwide.   We must denounce the alarming rise in anti-Semitism in the United  States and globally and issue a call for real, concrete action.   Resolutions are nice. Sentiment is helpful. But actions speak louder  than  [[Page H1354]]  words, and we need to come together as a Congress to make sure that  worldwide it is known that the United States of America resolutely  stands against anti-Semitism, not only for one instance but in all  instances.   