 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Washington for her incredible leadership of the Commerce Committee and  focusing on the issues that matter to businesses, something the  Presiding Officer, as the former Governor of Colorado and someone who  knows a little bit about business understands as well. We have to fix  these supply chain issues, and we have to actually take up the torch.   We have gotten through the worst of this pandemic; we see the  lighthouse on the horizon; and it is time to move forward with our  economy.   And instead of just diagnosing the problem, we actually have to do  some things to fix it. And on that list, for my own State, I would say,  No. 1 is workforce and getting people into the jobs that we have  available; No. 2, something Senator Cantwell has made so clear, is the  semiconductors and all of the things we should be making in America;  No. 3 is infrastructure. We are so proud of the bipartisan  infrastructure bill that we worked so hard on and the money going to  improve our ports, including the port in Duluth, the busiest port on  Lake Superior. And then, finally, something I am going to address  today, the Ocean Shipping Reform Act, a bipartisan bill that I lead  with Senator Thune, unanimously passed the Commerce Committee  yesterday, and I want to thank Senators Cantwell and Wicker for their  leadership and help on the bill.    Senator Thune and I are both in the middle of the country. In fact,  we are neighbors in Minnesota and South Dakota, and we know that  American farmers feed the world and consumers and businesses look to  them for in-demand ag goods from soybeans to corn, to dairy, to  poultry, to pork, to beef, to name just a few.   We also have tons of small and big manufacturers in the middle of the  country--and it is not just Minnesota or Colorado or South Dakota that  have been seeing the delays in shipping. It is everywhere in this  Nation.   The past 2 years have highlighted significant supply chain  disruptions and vulnerabilities for U.S. exporters, including many  families across my home State.   U.S. companies have only been able to ship 60 percent of their orders  because they can't access shipping containers during certain parts of  this pandemic. At the same time, ocean carriers--almost all foreign  owned--have reported record profits. It is estimated that the mostly  foreign container shipping industry made a record $190 billion in  profits in 2021, a sevenfold increase from the previous year.   Their financial performance certainly isn't the result of improved  performance, given how many things we have not been able to ship out.  No, they are fleecing consumers and exporters because they know they  can get away with it, and this is all while exporters and consumers are  paying the price, literally, for the supply chain disruptions caused by  their unreliable service.   We need to get exports to those who need them. We need to be a  country that makes stuff, invents things, exports to the world. That is  why Senator Thune and I put together the Ocean Shipping Reform Act. We  also want to thank our colleagues in the House who have a very similar  bill.   Our bill protects American farmers and manufacturers by making it  easier for them to ship ready-to-export goods waiting at our ports. It  levels the playing field for American exporters by updating Federal  regulations for the global shipping industry. It gives the Federal  Maritime Commission greater authority to regulate harmful practices by  big international ocean carriers.   It directs the Federal Maritime Commission to issue a rule  prohibiting international ocean carriers from unreasonably declining  shipping opportunities for U.S. exports.   Believe it or not, they bring in stuff from other countries, and then  what do they export back? Air. Air. So many empty containers with  nothing in them. This would fix that.   In addition to giving the FMC more authority to investigate bad  practices, the bill also directs the FMC to set new rules for what the  international carrier companies can reasonably charge and require ocean  carriers to certify and ultimately prove that the fees they charge are  fair. As rates continue to climb, this is more urgent than ever.   The sheer act of passing this bill will send a major message to the  foreign-owned ocean shipping industry that it is time to ship our goods  out of America and to charge our American manufacturers and our  American farmers and, thus, our consumers a fair rate.   I want to again thank Chairman Cantwell and Ranking Member Wicker for  holding a compelling hearing on this bill, all members of the Commerce  Committee for passing it through, and Senator Thune and I have a  bipartisan group of 27 cosponsors: Baldwin, Hoeven, Stabenow, Marshall,  Peters, Moran, Blumenthal, Young, Kelly, Crapo, Tina Smith, Marsha  Blackburn, Cory Booker, Joni Ernst, Cortez Masto, Braun, Warnock,  Risch, Bennet, Cramer, Wyden, Blunt, Van Hollen, Boozman, Fischer,  Padilla, and, yes, the Presiding Officer, Senator Hickenlooper.   We are excited about the bill, and I am going to end my remarks a  little quickly because I know Senator Coons has some very important  remarks himself about a fantastic staff member.   With that, I yield the floor.   