 Madam Speaker, I thank Lois Frankel, Cheri Bustos,  the chairman, and chairmen of our subcommittees, from   David Cicilline  to Chairman Cohen, for the work that they have done.   Let me agree with the gentleman from Kentucky in saying that it  doesn't cost much. In fact, it doesn't cost much of anything as  compared to the abuse that women have suffered for decades.   Let me also agree with the gentleman that there are and is something  called States' rights under the Tenth Amendment, but let me be very  clear that women don't have to suffer life-or-death circumstances under  the Constitution.   I hold this book up for everybody to understand that this book does  not require silence. This is not the Constitution of silence. This is  not the Constitution of the 14th Amendment with equal protection of the  law, yet as a woman you are silenced. It does not require due process,  but you are silenced.   Let me give you a fact. More than half of all employed women report  experiencing sexual harassment or sexual assault while at work. As a  result, there is a significant concern that NDAs are, in fact, abusive,  to the extent that it breaks a woman to not be able to tell of her  harassment, abuse, or her rape.   Today, widespread sexual misconduct can be covered up by NDAs that  are hiding the fine print that says, take it or leave it. When you have  that, what you have is a circumstance where you are, in fact, promoting  abuse and eliminating the power that women have and promoting the power  that perpetrators have.   I would like to be able to stand on the Constitution that says to  create a more perfect Union. This legislation does not allow the fine  print, doesn't allow or make you sign an NDA before there is even an  issue or a case that has arisen, and more importantly, I think it saves  lives and future women from sexual assault and rape.   We know that Harvey Weinstein had this tool that was used over and  over again. Employment contracts at his company included strict NDAs,  which prevented survivors from coming forward with their stories.   I know that that is not the workplace that you want your daughters to  go into, as our young women leave and begin to work from colleges, but  also the women who work as factory workers, secretaries, and  waitresses.   Those used to be the jobs that people would look down on and say: Oh,  we know why they are in those jobs. No, they were in those jobs so they  could support their family, being a single parent, raising up their  children. I know those women every day. Busdrivers, schoolbus drivers  getting minimum wage, but they encountered those conditions just as you  would encounter them in the major corporations.    I am rising to support S. 4524, the Speak Out Act, and ask whether or  not if you are a believer of the Constitution, where in it it says that  you must be silenced, your due process is silenced, the 14th Amendment  equal protection of the law is silenced.    Madam Speaker, all of this is silenced. The threat  of legal retaliation is daunting to these women, enough to keep workers  from coming forward with their stories of abuse. The Harvard Business  Review has indicated over one-third of the U.S. workforce is bound by  NDAs.   Madam Speaker, I close my remarks by saying, I walk away from here  and saying that when we cast this vote, we will cast a vote for  creating a more perfect Union, and that women will not be second class,  second rate without the same equal protection of the law as anyone  else.   I applaud the secretaries, the busdrivers, the factory workers, the  cafeteria workers who happen to be women, as well as I applaud the  corporate women who are rising up the corporate ladder.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4524, The Speak Out Act, that  would limit the judicial enforceability of predispute nondisclosure and  nondisparagement contract clauses relating to disputes involving sexual  assault and sexual harassment.   This bill is critical to ending the culture of silence that quiets  the voices of survivors of sexual harassment and abuse.   We must protect women from harassment, abuse, and violence of all  types, at every opportunity, and in every facet of life.   As chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, and  Homeland Security, I've led the fight against domestic violence for  many years, and sponsored the Violence Against Women Act  Reauthorization Act, which led to VAWA's reauthorization in March.   Just as VAWA is vital to protect women in their personal lives, the  Speak Out Act is vital to protect women in their work lives, empowering  women against workplace harassment and abuse that can impair their  careers and life paths.   Ending the cycle of abuse starts with eliminating the power that  perpetrators have over their victims.   Currently, companies can sue workers for breaking a Non-Disclosure  Agreement.   The threat of legal retaliation is daunting enough to keep workers  from coming forward with stories of abuse.  [[Page H8521]]    These NDAs have become commonplace in many industries.   Harvard Business Review has estimated that over one third of the U.S.  workforce is bound by NDAs.   These NDAs not only appear in settlements after a victim of sexual  harassment has raised their voice, but also have become routinely  included in standard employment contracts that are used at the time of  hiring.   NDAs are being signed at the start of employment, prior to any abuse  that occurs.   NDAs are intended to provide confidentiality and protection,  especially with regard to corporate trade secrets.   But they have increasingly been misused to protect power dynamics  that enable abusers to continue their dangerous and disgusting  behavior.   One in 3 women has faced sexual harassment in the workplace during  her career.   An estimated 87 to 94 percent of women who experience sexual  harassment never file a formal complaint.   The reality is that many of these women have no voice because the  system rewards male manipulators and penalizes women who challenge the  status quo.   This amounts to institutionalized abuse.   The Speak Out Act can change this reality.   The Speak Out Act would prevent employers from enforcing  nondisclosure or non-disparagement agreements (NDAs) in instances when  employees and workers report sexual misconduct.   In the wake of the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements, our country has  become acutely aware that men in power frequently leverage that power  abusively to exploit women.   Sexual abuse and harassment can destroy a victim's financial  security, mental health, and career path.   By standing up for their rights, the women who have been subjected to  abuse often become mired in a lengthy and costly lawsuit that drains  their finances, imposes a heavy psychic toll, and impairs their future  job prospects by creating a misimpression that they are disruptive  workers.   Women face a disturbing choice when sexually assaulted in the  workplace: report the abuse publicly and face litigation, leave the  company and abandon their income, or the choice that many are forced to  make, put their heads down and pretend it did not happen.   Passing The Speak Out Act would provide victims with a third option  to pursue justice.   It is time to amend the NDA system to strip the power from abusive  employers and give it back to the employee.   