 Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to be yielded to by the  gentlewoman. I thank her for championing this outstanding legislation,  and I thank my good friend for acknowledging the en bloc.   I will say that there is good news. The good news is that the  Recovering America's Wildlife Act is once-in-a-generation funding for  the conservation of threatened species of animals and plants as well as  habitat preservation. I will discuss the importance of it as I also  present to the body my amendment.    Let me, first of all, say I pay tribute to Ellison, 7 years old, and  to Roy, 7 years old, my twin grandchildren who love every species that  they can find within their backyard or anyplace else that you would  take them. I see in their lifetime the vision of this legislation. They  love the outdoors. They love to see crawling things, and they are a boy  and a girl.   Yet, what are we facing today? The world is facing an unprecedented  loss of wildlife. Bird populations have declined almost 30 percent in  the U.S. and Canada since 1970. Over 40 percent of America's freshwater  fish are at risk of extinction, and State agencies have identified  12,000 species of wildlife in need of conservation.   The Speaker pro tempore knows that Texas and Louisiana experienced a  catastrophic oil spill some years ago. I remember visiting oyster  fishermen and others who were devastated. We need to get in there and  make a difference.   Mr. Speaker, 12,000 species are currently identified as endangered in  the United States, and 1,300 of them are in my State of Texas. As I  said, fishermen are still crying out for help. Climate change poses an  unprecedented challenge to plant and animal species due to wildfires,  droughts, floods, and temperature shifts. Hurricane Harvey devastated  the coast and the opportunities for wildlife. The resulting threat to  biodiversity has the potential to disrupt our ecosystem and, with it,  human quality of life and sustainability.   Urban sprawl as well as development of suburbs and exurbs also  encroach on the habitat that supports biodiversity, and it has ripple  effects that compound the gradation of our environment from climate  change.   We want to be hanging in there with fisherman, sportsmen, bikers,  hikers--bikers in the appropriate atmosphere, but hikers in particular.   Our children deserve to know the natural beauty of their country.  They deserve to see the beauty of wildlife. They deserve to be good  custodians of that, and the children need to be diverse.   So the amendment that I offer is to ensure that children will  continue to spend their days fishing, gardening alongside bees,  watching the migratory birds, but also looking at the wilds and the  species that are in them.   The Recovering America's Wildlife Act provides $1.3 billion in  funding to protect our Nation's wildlife, $50 million of which will go  to Texas.    Mr. Speaker, this is a great effort. My amendment  fixes and adds to this. By adding title IV, we stipulate the Secretary  of the Interior must, no later than 1 year after passage, provide a  report on the dollar amount of grants, contracts, and subcontracts that  were allocated to historically Black colleges and universities,  Hispanic-serving educational institutions, tribally controlled colleges  and universities, and women- and minority-owned businesses.   My amendment goes into the broad span of Americans, brings them into  [[Page H5522]]  the arena, and gives a needed investment in people of color who deserve  to be not only included but intentionally targeted in new conservation  investments to open their eyes, to give them the opportunity, and to  ensure our Native American friends are included as well along with  women- and minority-owned businesses. Let them have an investment as  well.   In addition, with the enactment of this legislation, my amendment  would create a framework for prioritizing historically disadvantaged  groups in environmental efforts, bring them, again, into the fold,  which should be replicated in future efforts. This is an important  step.   I want you to listen to me, historically Black colleges and Hispanic- serving institutions, this is also a day for you. Support this  legislation, and we will expand and build and support America.   Mr. Speaker, as a staunch advocate for the environment I rise in  support of the Recovering America's Wildlife Act of 2021.   This bill provides once-in-a-generation funding for the conservation  of threatened species of animals and plants, as well as habitat  preservation.   12,000 species are currently identified as endangered in the United  States. 1,300 of those are in my home state of Texas.   In addition to providing $1.3 billion in funding to protect our  nation's wildlife--$50 million of which will go to Texas--the  Recovering America's Wildlife Act of 2021 designates portion of this  federal funding for special projects that revitalize species facing a  conservation need.   In addition to my support of H.R. 2773, I rise to put forth an  important amendment to today's legislation.   Firstly, this legislation does not stipulate significant transparency  regarding the handling of these funds.   Secondly, nowhere in this bill does it require the Department of the  Interior to include people of color.   My amendment fixes both of those issues. By adding Title IV, we  stipulate the Secretary of the Interior must, no later than one year  after passage, provide a report on the dollar amount of grants,  contracts, and subcontracts that were allocated to Historically Black  Colleges and Universities, Hispanic-serving educational institutions,  Tribally controlled colleges and universities, and women and minority  owned business.   My amendment addresses a needed investment in people of color who  deserve to be not only included, but intentionally targeted in new  conservation investments.   Passage of this bill will encourage fairness in the allocation of  contract, subcontract, and grant dollars, as well as greater  transparency into the details of those allocations.   Climate change poses unprecedented challenges to plant and animal  species due to wildfires, droughts, floods, and temperature shifts.   The resulting threat to biodiversity has the potential to disrupt our  ecosystem, and with it, human quality-of-life and sustainability.   Urban sprawl as well as development of suburbs and exurbs also  encroach on the habitat that supports biodiversity, and it has ripple  effects that compound the degradation of our environment from climate  change.   This bill takes these problems seriously and provides funding for  programs that are essential for human sustainability as well as the  resilience of plants and animals.   Our children deserve to know the natural beauty of their country.   They deserve to grow up in an America teeming with wild strength,  diversity, and beauty.   They deserve to embrace the long American history of wildlife  sportsmanship, recreation, and appreciation.   By supporting H.R. 2773, we ensure that childhood days spent fishing  at the lake, gardening alongside bees, or watching the flight of  migratory birds are not things of the past.   Through this bill we preserve the heritage of our country.   Additionally, enactment of this legislation would create a framework  for prioritizing historically disadvantaged groups in environmental  efforts that should be replicated in future efforts.   