 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Republicans continue to be totally  shocked by the leak of a draft Supreme Court decision. But what is  truly shocking is the fact that we have a radical, rightwing majority  now on our Supreme Court, thanks to three Trump Justices who are poised  to take away a constitutional right that women in this country have  relied upon for almost 50 years.   The Supreme Court has never overturned a constitutional right it has  earlier conferred. And yet today, in 2022, women across the country are  going to wake up and no longer have control over their own bodies once  the Supreme Court stays its course to overturn both Roe and Casey. The  Republican Party has sabotaged the Supreme Court, and women and girls  across the country are going to pay the price.   In 13 States, the minute Roe is overturned, abortion will be illegal,  and dozens of other States will move to do the same. These States are  prepared to outlaw abortion with only narrow exceptions, if at all.   Imagine this. If a child is raped, Republicans will force her to give  birth. If a woman's life is in danger, Republicans will force her to  give birth, despite the fact that the United States already has the  highest maternal mortality rate of any developed country. If a woman  cannot afford to raise a child, Republicans will force her to give  birth anyway. And then, once that child is born, all of a sudden, their  concern for that child pretty much goes out the window.   They have done little to support women and families. They have  repeatedly blocked Democratic efforts to provide healthcare, childcare,  paid family leave, and more. There is nothing pro-life about that. And  if a woman chooses to get an abortion for any reason, whether it be  rape or medical necessity, Republicans stand ready to throw in jail  women, doctors, and even those who help people access the procedure.   And make no mistake, if Republicans take control over the House and  Senate, they will press to pass national legislation that will outlaw  abortion throughout the country.   I have been an advocate for reproductive freedom for decades. When I  was in college, abortion was not legal. It was the first time I wrote a  political letter to the members of Hawaii's congressional delegation  asking for their position on abortion. Abortion is one of the reasons I  became an activist. And I fought against concerted efforts to limit  abortion in Hawaii during the 14 years that I served in the Hawaii  State Legislature. I knew then, as I do now, that women should be able  to control our own bodies.   And, sadly, the threat to women's freedom is as real today as it was  when I was first advocating for this right decades ago.   I am proud that Hawaii was the first State in the country to  decriminalize abortion before Roe. So regardless of the Supreme Court  decision, women's reproductive freedom in Hawaii will be protected. But  for how long? So many women across the country do not live in States  like Hawaii that protect the right to an abortion.   Barriers to abortion access have always existed--barriers like  finding childcare, taking time off from work and travel and  transportation and more. The number of women dealing with the obstacles  to get the essential healthcare they need will skyrocket if Roe is  overturned.   And we know who is going to be harmed the most: people who can't  travel, including people with low incomes, people with disabilities.   Due to systemic barriers and this country's legacy of racism and  discrimination, Black, Latino, indigenous, Asian Americans, Pacific  Islanders, and other people of color disproportionately feel the  effects of abortion bans and restrictions.   We know this is true because we have seen it play out in Texas.  Already, women in Texas have to travel hundreds of miles to seek  abortion services. Many women in Texas do not have the means or the  opportunity.   When you read Justice Alito's draft opinion, it is quite clear that  this Justice has harbored a desire to overturn Roe for the 16 years he  has been on the Supreme Court. And, now, thanks to the three Trump  Justices, his radical opinion on abortion is no longer dissent but the  majority opinion. This is our worst fears coming true.   Meanwhile, I listened to Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader, this  morning, who kept calling Democrats ``extreme'' in our view--in our  commitment to supporting a woman's right to abortion. He said that he  would never support ``smashing'' the filibuster on this or any issue.  Well, he had no problem smashing the filibuster when it came to Supreme  Court Justices, and that is the very reason that three radical Trump  Justices got on the Supreme Court in the first place and the reason why  women are about  [[Page S2375]]  to lose a constitutional right that we have relied upon for almost 50  years.   Make no mistake, these radical Justices are just getting started.  Alito's draft opinion, which denigrates any privacy basis for Roe,  casts doubt on other privacy rights. Without privacy rights, the States  are basically unfettered in what they do.   And now that the radical rightwing Justices are on the cusp of  getting what they wish regarding abortion rights, Justice Alito is  already signaling what is next: revisiting Obergefell, the marriage  equality decision. And we know so much more is at stake.   We cannot sit back and accept this as our new normal. We cannot go  back to a time when women had no autonomy over our own bodies. We  cannot go back to a time when members of the LGBTQ+ community were  treated as second-class citizens. And we cannot go back to a time where  basic human rights were left up to the States--to the States--to  decide.   Since when do States get to decide whether or not a constitutional  right exists? That is what we have the Supreme Court for, and that is  what the Supreme Court is not making sure that we continue to protect.   So here we are. Not only do we have to push to codify Roe nationally,  but we have to take this fight to the ballots in November. As Justice  Alito, in his draft opinion, cavalierly said, basically: All you women  out there, go out and vote. So, yes, he is calling on the women of this  country to use our energy and our resources to fight for a right, a  constitutional right, that women in this country relied on for nearly  50 years. And, yes, that is exactly what we are going to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   