 Madam President, when Senator Roy Blunt announced that  he would not seek reelection, he promised to finish strong. As has been  the case throughout his public service, he has kept his word.   Roy is not only an effective Senator and a persuasive advocate, but,  as Senator Wicker just mentioned, he is also a good friend to so many  of us.   On the Appropriations Committee, we have worked together particularly  closely when it has come to biomedical research aimed at preventing,  treating, and curing Alzheimer's disease.   The fiscal year 2022 funding bill included a historic $3.5 billion  for Alzheimer's research, and that tremendous success would not have  come about but for the leadership of Roy Blunt. It has been truly  outstanding. He has extraordinary vision in understanding the need for  biomedical research that produces the medical breakthroughs.   The American people also saw Roy's effectiveness with the work he did  with Senator Burr on Operation Warp Speed. That was responsible for the  development of the COVID vaccines in record time. No one thought that  the partnership between the Federal Government and the private sector  would be able to produce a vaccine so quickly, but Roy swept away the  bureaucratic obstacles, he provided the funding, and most of all, he  provided the vision. As a result of Roy's work, we have a COVID vaccine  that has saved the lives of so many people.   Serving with Roy not only on the Appropriations Committee but also on  the Intelligence Committee, I have seen firsthand the extraordinary  number of contributions he has made to our country. He is an  experienced and skillful legislator who has the vision to write policy  that makes a real difference.   Roy has mentioned the role that he has played as master of ceremonies  for the inauguration of President Biden. At the time, he delivered  brief remarks on the preamble to our Constitution, observing that it  establishes the uniquely American principle that government derives its  authority from ``we the people.'' Our ongoing mission to create a  ``more perfect Union'' is a continuing project, Roy noted, adding that  ``we are more than we have been and we are less than we hope to be.''   Roy, you have played a key role in advancing that mission, and it has  been such an honor to serve with you. I wish you, Abby, Charlie, and  the rest of your family all the best in the years to come.    Mr. President, what a pleasure it is to join Senator  Wicker in paying tribute to our dear friends and outstanding  colleagues, Senators Jim Inhofe and Richard Shelby.   We could talk about their accomplishments on the floor for many, many  hours, but in the interest of time, we are going to focus--as has my  colleague from Mississippi--on their truly outstanding contributions to  our national security.   Their unwavering commitment to the security of our Nation and the  well-being of our servicemembers has been truly remarkable.  [[Page S6986]]        