 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1124, I call  up the bill (H.R. 7790) making emergency supplemental appropriations to  address the shortage of infant formula in the United States for the  fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, and for other purposes, and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, this funding legislation will work in tandem with  President Biden's launch of Operation Fly Formula and the invocation of  the Defense Production Act to help quickly and safely address the  infant formula shortage in this country and help prevent this from  happening again.   I am shocked by the infant formula crisis. The shortage we are seeing  today is in large part caused by some who chose not to prioritize the  health and the safety of our babies.   In September 2021, Food and Drug Administration, FDA inspectors  conducted a routine inspection of the Abbott Nutrition facility in  Sturgis, Michigan, where suspicions of wrongdoing were already present,  as noted in a Bloomberg article published on May 12 from a reporter who  obtained the FDA report through a Freedom of Information Act request.   On October 20, 2021, a whistleblower who worked at that Abbott  facility submitted a report to the FDA unveiling a damning list of  allegations of wrongdoing at the hands of Abbott. Recalls happen, but  if the allegations are true, this company has lied, cut corners,  falsified records to cover up their misdoings at the sake of infant  health. This is plain wrong.   But this was in October. The FDA knew about what Abbott was doing in  October and, yes, they dragged their feet. It was not until late  December that the FDA interviewed the whistleblower. And then not until  a month after that, in late January, was the plant inspected in person.  Abbott then issued a recall in February, 4 months later.   In March, I requested an HHS Office of Inspector General report to  look into this tragedy, so that we can hold the bad actors accountable.  And then I got ahold of and submitted for the record a whistleblower  report with truly awful allegations against Abbott.   Their wrongdoings included the falsification of records, testing  seals on empty cans, releasing untested infant formula, just to name a  few. In essence, they put a product on the market, a contaminated  product, which they knew was contaminated. We have lost--at least two  infants died. Several were hospitalized.   Let's look back for a moment. Now, we are learning that in 2014,  Abbott deliberately and successfully tried to weaken bacteria testing  safety standards. At that time, the FDA issued a proposed rule that  would have increased the regular safety inspections of infant formula  manufacturing facilities to prevent the contamination of infant  formula; the very crisis that we have today.   The Federal Government has an important role to play in addressing  this painful issue. As I said, at least two babies died, and four more  were hospitalized that we know of because of corporate greed,  consolidation, and a disgraceful lack of proper oversight by the FDA.   This is infant formula we are talking about. Parents trust that this  formula will be safe and healthy for their newborn babies. It should be  the most regulated and protected of any product,  [[Page H5159]]  and here, we see Abbott putting production and profits before people.   I introduced this bill this week because 43 percent of infant formula  is out of stock nationwide. There is an immediate need to bring infant  formula to the babies and families facing such a dire necessity. In the  wealthiest Nation in the world, babies should not be at risk of going  hungry. Parents should not have to play a guessing game and wonder if  the food that they are giving their babies is safe.   Earlier this evening, President Biden announced that he would invoke  the Defense Production Act to increase domestic production of infant  formula, launching Operation Fly Formula to use Federal planes to fly  formula in from abroad.   I have been calling for the swift importation of safe infant formula  from FDA-approved facilities overseas since the beginning of this  crisis. These steps will achieve this goal, and I applaud the Biden  administration for rising to this urgent challenge.   Now that we are ramping up production, preparing to purchase formula  from abroad, we must ensure that it is safe. And I would repeat, this  product needs to come from FDA-approved facilities so we make no  mistake that they are adhering to a standard. The FDA needs the  resources to do that.   The FDA plays a critical role in ensuring formula provides the full  nutritional needs of infants and that it is manufactured in the safest  way possible. We must ensure that a lack of funding is not a barrier to  getting safe formula to parents and babies.   The bill before us does just that. It addresses this pressing need by  providing $28 million in new funding for the FDA. These funds will be  used to prevent fraudulent products from entering the marketplace, to  acquire better data of the situation in the marketplace, and to fund  the balance of FDA activities. To prevent shortages from happening  again, funds will strengthen the workforce focused on formula issues  and increase the FDA's inspection staff.   The FDA needs resources to be able to get this work done quickly, and  safely, and that includes building their workforce. Right now, they  have only nine people on staff inspecting and reviewing the submissions  that could increase the number of FDA-approved facilities developing  infant formula. It is not enough.    Being able to have more staff who are doing this job will ensure FDA  can increase the quality of submissions being reviewed without risking  the quality of the review process. We also have their funds that will  buttress their inspection teams so that we can get more FDA-approved  facilities online.   I am proud that this bill meets this urgent need. People are looking  for some relief, and I am proud that we are on the floor tonight to  ensure that families get this help as soon as possible.   But we should not, and we will not be made to choose between the  health and the safety of our babies and the supply that keeps them fed.  I reject this dangerous and false dichotomy.   Let me be clear: The funding in this bill seeks to address the  shortage now, but we must simultaneously find solutions that prevent  this contamination and the shortage from happening again. Our work here  is not done. We will introduce legislation in the next several days to  address the root cause of the issue so that it does not happen again.   Madam Speaker, we all are heartbroken, both at the stories of the  babies who died and their mourning families, and the millions of moms  and dads today who are frantic and scrambling to find formula, and who,  within their hearts, are scared that the product they may be giving  their infant can potentially cause them grave harm.   That is not who we are. That is not who we are. Our babies are our  most vulnerable, and we must work quickly and decisively to make safe  formula available for every single baby in this country who needs it.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this absolutely  critical piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I might just add, just a quick moment, to indicate to my colleague,  who is my friend, that, in fact, we did check with other departments  and agencies, and particularly with FEMA, to find out what they might  have in stock. FEMA currently has on hand formula for 550 infants for  one week. So, in fact, we don't have other Federal agencies that do  have a stock of infant formula. What we have said in the legislation is  that the FDA must report to House and Senate Appropriations Committees  on a weekly basis of where the money is being used, how it is being  used, so that we have accountability.   I am really honored to yield to my colleague who chairs the  Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and  Drug Administration, and Related Agencies. This is coming through his  subcommittee. He has been a tireless fighter on this issue, making sure  that our kids are safe. To that end, he will be talking with the  director of the Food and Drug Administration tomorrow morning. So he  has been really at the center of this effort.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I just say to my colleague that, in fact, one would  suspect from listening to our colleague that Abbott Nutrition was ready  to really move forward and to deal with reopening. The fact of the  matter is, I have said that the Food and Drug Administration dragged  their feet by not looking at what they were doing in October, et  cetera.   But the FDA had to go to court to get an agreement with Abbott about  how to open. This wasn't a company that was taking on their culpability  in knowingly selling a contaminated product that puts our babies at  risk. Going to court, that is just a part of the delay with moving, is  having to have to go to court to do this.   Congressman Pallone has spent so much of his professional career  focused on food safety issues and, in fact, as the Subcommittee on  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies is doing hearings, the Energy and Commerce Committee  will be doing hearings on this issue as well.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey  (Mr. Pallone), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I will say to my colleague who just spoke that, in fact,  I just talked about what FEMA has in terms of stocks, which would take  care of infants for about 1 week, but I would call her attention to the  article that appeared on May 10, ``Military stores scrambling to get  baby formula: What new parents need to know.''   Military families are dealing with the same shortage of baby formula.  Now, they would have a supply. I take it from what my colleague said  that we should take the product from military families, who are serving  in the service of this country, take their formula and move it around.   We know where the product is, and we know we do not have enough. We  know that we need to move. As to what we are doing and suggesting that  we move to import from FDA facilities that are overseas, there are  seven of them where we can get product on the shelves as quickly as  possible.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Carolyn B. Maloney), the chairwoman of the Committee on Oversight and  Reform. Oversight and reform is Congresswoman Maloney's stock-in-trade,  and she is all over this issue as well.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, we all share the view that the infant  formula shortage is a crisis. The stories that we have all heard-- mothers and fathers struggling to find formula, the images of empty  store shelves--are heartbreaking. We have all heard from constituents  all over this country that parents are scared. They can't find the  product, and they are scared that they are going to have a product that  may put their child in danger.   Mr. Speaker, we need to address two areas. We need to address the  immediate crisis to get product on the shelves as soon as we can, which  is what this bill does tonight, along with other measures that the  administration is taking.   There are some very serious underlying issues that we face. The  question arises, how did we get here? How did this happen?   One of the biggest issues and concerns is the whole issue of the  consolidation of the industry. There are only four manufacturers of  infant formula in the United States, and when one of the four has  produced a contaminated product, knowingly putting our babies at risk,  yes, and they fought the FDA on really calling for a recall. The FDA,  again, had to go to district court to be able to move to a consent  decree to talk about cleaning up the mess in Sturgis, Michigan.   When that product came off the shelf, 43 percent of the product was  gone because that is the piece that Abbott has. They have cornered the  market. We need to address that root problem of sole-source  contracting. This is prevalent in the meatpacking industry as well.   We cannot just rely on four producers of infant formula. We have to  take a look at that, and that will be investigated.   There is an inspector general investigation going on that will take a  look at the issues of the contamination and that underlying cause. We  will investigate why it took so long for the FDA--4 months--to look at  addressing this issue when they had knowledge that this company was  selling a contaminated product, with some very courageous whistleblower  coming forward to tell the story.   Those pieces are going to be investigated. In my view, we will follow  the investigation to where the difficulties are, and we will hold  people accountable for that.   In the meantime, we have a responsibility. That responsibility is to  make sure that there is infant formula on the shelves that parents can  get access to, and that is what this bill is about. That is what our  efforts are all about, giving the Food and Drug Administration  resources to deal with the supply chain, to be able to go to the seven  producers overseas. There are seven countries that are FDA approved:  France, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Denmark, and Ireland are  FDA approved.   Again, I will state my view. We only need to go to FDA-approved  facilities, not open the door to facilities where we cannot deal with  what their standards are in short order.   That is what the resources here can help the FDA do. It would  increase their inspection force. It would increase their ability to  look at infant formula submissions so they can move quickly to approve  facilities and give that approval and, in the meantime, move to get the  product back here.   As the President announced today, we will be able to use our  airplanes. We can get product here rapidly.   Again, it should come from FDA-approved facilities. That is what we  are about tonight. That is what it is. It is not about politics. We are  going to investigate what happened here.   Let's come together. Let's move together to address a nationwide  challenge and a problem that we face. Let's not continue to put mothers  and fathers and babies at risk. We have the responsibility to do  something tonight, to make it happen, and I urge my colleagues, we  cannot let any baby be at risk of going to sleep hungry in this  country. We must act quickly. There is no room for error.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   