 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the full committee  for his full support of this legislation from the very beginning.   Mr. Speaker, this has been somewhat of a long journey. It began in  March of last year, 2021, when a group of Members, bipartisan and  bicameral, were invited to the White House to meet with President  Biden. When we gathered there, he spoke about his vision for creating  ARPA-H, an advanced research project for health.   It is modeled after DARPA, the highly innovative and successful small  agency that was created many years ago. I think one of its chief assets  is its autonomy, and its successes are extraordinary because of the way  it is shaped. They have produced the internet, GPS navigation, and  Moderna's mRNA vaccines.   This bill is shaped to maximize the promise of ARPA-H.   All of us have a relative or someone in our family, extended family,  and our communities that when receiving a diagnosis, it is a death  sentence. That is what the mission of ARPA-H is directed to address. I  have full confidence that, the way this legislation is shaped, it can  meet that challenge.   It will be a place where highly innovative ideas are tested, and if  the approaches fail because these are high-risk undertakings, then the  agency will quickly move on to new ones and redirect the money. It will  be flat and small like DARPA, but it has a mighty mission.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all the members of the Energy and Commerce  Committee on the majority and the minority side. We have really worked  hard together on this to shape something that is worthy of the American  people and has the ability to produce. From the chairman of the full  committee to the ranking member, Mrs. McMorris Rodgers, to the ranking  member of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, ideas kept coming forward. We  polished them, added them to the legislation, and, in some instances,  dropped other parts of the draft.   Mr. Speaker, I acknowledge the work of my staffer, Aisling McDonough,  who has given her all on this; the staff of the committee; the  scientists, because well over 100 of them leaned in and gave us their  ideas and advice on how best to create a small agency that would be  nimble but highly effective; and the patient advocates. So many of them  have cheered us on and given us their best input, as well.   Today is the day. The House is poised. I urge all of my colleagues to  [[Page H5800]]  support this because when this mission is executed, I think even if one  deadly disease is addressed and cured, we will have succeeded. I think  we are going to do better than that.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk made in order  under the rule.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I offer this bipartisan manager's amendment to improve and strengthen  [[Page H5803]]  the bill. I thank my Republican colleagues on the Health Subcommittee,  including Ranking Member McMorris Rodgers, Ranking Member Guthrie, and  Dr. Burgess for working closely with me on this bill over the last  several weeks.   This manager's amendment makes sure that the structure of ARPA-H will  help the Agency achieve success. Specifically, the amendment requires:  First, two-thirds of the ARPA-H program offices be exclusively  dedicated to research and development; number two, not more than 15  percent of the ARPA-H budget to be used on administrative expenses;  and, thirdly, removes the requirement of Senate confirmation of the  ARPA-H director.   I think these are commonsense provisions that improve the bill and,  ultimately, strengthen ARPA-H and its mission; and it is why I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   