 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled votes:  Senator Collins for up to 10 minutes, Senator Graham for up to 5  minutes, Senator Blunt for up to 5 minutes, Senator Romney for up to 5  minutes, Senator Risch for up to 5 minutes, Senator Paul for up to 10  minutes, Senator Sullivan for up to 1 minute, and Senator Menendez for  up to 10 minutes.    Madam President, I rise in strong support of the  accession of Finland and Sweden into the NATO alliance.   In May, I visited Helsinki and Stockholm as part of a Senate  delegation to encourage the Finnish and Swedish efforts to join the  alliance. Our trip, however, started in Ukraine. There, after a long,  secret journey under cover of darkness, our contingent of four Senators  met with President Zelenskyy for 2 hours. We discussed the military,  humanitarian, economic, and security consequences of Russia's  unprovoked, brutal war against Ukraine. I asked President Zelenskyy  whether he thought Vladimir Putin's attack on his country had had the  opposite effect of what he had intended. For example, the Russian- speaking sections of eastern Ukraine are now embracing their Ukrainian  identity, and NATO is more united than ever. President Zelenskyy told  me that Putin's war of aggression not only had been the opposite of the  easy conquest that Putin had expected but also had strengthened the  NATO alliance and the European Union.   (Mr. HICKENLOOPER assumed the Chair.)   Mr. President, one cannot understand how Russia's invasion of Ukraine  has upended decades and, in the case of Sweden, centuries of security  policy for these countries. For 200 years, Sweden has maintained a  policy of neutrality, but, as Swedish Prime Minister Andersson put it  to me, ``February 24 changed everything.'' That was the date of the  Russian invasion of Ukraine.   Finland, which shares an 830-mile border with Russia, likewise  concluded that Russia's aggression required a dramatic rethinking of  its security. To demonstrate the reality on the ground, the Finnish  President took us outside of his home and pointed to his right, where  Tallinn, Estonia, is only 50 miles away across the Baltic Sea. He then  pointed to his left and told us that St. Petersburg, Russia, is only  200 miles away.   Our visits to these leaders came just as the Parliaments of Finland  and Sweden were voting to formally request admission into NATO. We  assured their leaders that there was strong, bipartisan support in the  Senate for their accession and that adding their capabilities to the  alliance would improve, would strengthen our collective defense and  security.   This is, indeed, an important point. Sweden and Finland will both  bring enormous geographic advantages and military capabilities to NATO.  Finland is expected to exceed NATO's 2 percent defense spending target  this year, and Sweden has committed to meeting that target as soon as  possible. Finland has the largest reserve military force in Europe and  has recently decided to upgrade its current fleet of American F-18  fighter jets with the fifth-generation F-35. For the past several  years, Sweden has been increasing its arms spending, and the country  has advanced defense industrial capabilities.   The addition of both of these nations to NATO will bolster deterrence  against Russia in the Arctic, Nordic, and Baltic regions.  [[Page S3895]]    For decades, Finland and Sweden have had a strong history of support  for NATO. Their advanced militaries are, for example, interoperable  with member nations. Both countries also have supported NATO-led  operations over the decades, including in Afghanistan, Kosovo, and  Iraq. They frequently participate in alliance-led exercises and  capacity-building operations in Africa and elsewhere.   During the current crisis in Ukraine, Finland and Sweden have been  invaluable partners to the Ukrainians. They have been sending vital  military aid to Ukraine, as well as humanitarian assistance, since  February, including anti-ship missiles, rifles, body armor, and anti- tank weapons.   There are a few critics who contend that this NATO expansion, which  will more than double NATO's direct border with Russia, is somehow  provocative to Vladimir Putin. This assertion ignores a clear pattern  of Russian aggression extending back years.   In 2008, Russia invaded its neighbor, Georgia. In 2014, Russia  invaded Ukraine for the first time, occupying and seizing Crimea and  areas of eastern Ukraine. Then, earlier this year, of course, Russia  launched the largest and most devastating land war in Europe since  World War II without any justification or provocation when it invaded  the free and democratic nation of Ukraine.   This expansion of NATO is warranted precisely because of Russian  provocations across the region.   As always, NATO and the United States have no desire to see a war  with Russia, but we will defend the territory and sovereignty of each  of its members.   Russia's brutal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine has permanently  changed the European security environment. Enlarging NATO to include  two of our most capable and supportive European allies, Finland and  Sweden, is a necessary and deliberative response.   I urge all of my colleagues, in a strong vote, to join me in the  swift ratification of Finland and Sweden's accession into NATO.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Heidi  Zisselman, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges through  August 4, 2022.   