 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2471, a bill that will  provide funding for the Federal Government through the end of this  fiscal year. While it has taken us far too long to get here, I am glad  we were able to produce a bill that includes many funding priorities  that I support.   Since last summer, I have made it clear that House Republicans would  oppose Appropriations bills unless they increase defense spending,  restrain nondefense spending, include all longstanding policy  provisions, and do not include any poison pill riders.   After months of negotiations, we reached a deal that meets all four  of these criteria. The bill before us increases defense spending by  roughly 6 percent, which is $4.5 billion above the NDAA; rejects the  President's proposed 16 percent increase in nondefense spending;  includes the Hyde amendment and other critical pro-life policies; and  drops other controversial language.   For defense, the bill provides our military and our troops with the  resources they desperately need. The roughly $42 billion increase in  defense spending across all the appropriations bills will improve  military readiness, start key modernization initiatives, and support  our brave warfighters and their families so they can improve their  quality of life.   The package also contains an additional $1 billion for Israel's Iron  Dome to allow Israel to replace the interceptors that were used in the  most recent conflict.   The bill also ensures the safety and security of the American people  by increasing overall funding for Homeland Security by 11 percent,  including increases for Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs  and Border Protection.   New funding is also included to increase staff for the Border Patrol,  which would address the crisis at our southwest border.   Because of this bill, President Trump's successful remain in Mexico  program will continue, and President Biden's plan to cancel existing  border wall funding will be rejected.   I am proud to say that this bill not only funds the police, it  increases resources for law enforcement agencies to address the  troubling nationwide increase in crime.   Also before us today is crucial assistance to help the Ukrainian  people, the Ukrainian Government respond to Russia's invasion. I know  we all share the feeling of shock and grief as we witness Russia's  attack on the sovereign nation of Ukraine and its aggression across  innocent people.   To close, I want to thank my colleagues, Chairwoman DeLauro, Senator  Shelby, Senator Leahy, and the subcommittee chairs and ranking members  for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting the items in this bill that enhance our national security,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), the former chairman of the Committee on  Appropriations and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on State,  Foreign Operations, and Related Programs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Simpson), the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Fleischmann), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Homeland Security.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert), the ranking member of the Defense  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This 4-day CR ensures that there is enough time for the omnibus  package to be processed and implemented.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   