 Madam Speaker, I will tell you, my constituents are up  in arms. They are emailing me, and they are calling my office outraged  that the freedoms that they have had for 50 years are being stripped  away from women in one-half of the States in this country. They are  furious when they hear about victims of rape not being able to end a  pregnancy and when they see a 10-year-old girl who has to flee to a  neighboring State so she won't be forced to carry a pregnancy to term-- a 10-year old.   This is barbaric. My constituents are worried about what might come  next in our home State of Washington.   I am the only pro-choice woman doctor in all of Congress. In fact, I  am a pediatrician. And I have been in the exam room with teens facing  unplanned pregnancies and with mothers who find out that the pregnancy  they are so excited about is not a viable one. These are deeply  personal circumstances. Frankly, when, whether, and under what  circumstances to become a mother is the single most important decision  a woman will ever make, and that must be hers to make. The government  has no place in the exam room.   Today I am voting to make sure that every woman--no matter where she  lives--can access abortion, to plan their pregnancies, protect their  health, and chart the course of their lives. I want my constituents to  know I will fight every day to protect their rights.    Madam Speaker, this new post-Roe reality that we are  living with is still sinking in for most of us, but if you are a woman  who is pregnant now and needs to end that pregnancy, and you are in one  of the States that has outlawed abortion, every day is filled with  panic and horror, trying to figure out how to get the care you need.  This is a crisis.    Now, politicians in some of those States are threatening to  criminalize travel to another State for abortion care and to  criminalize doctors and anyone else who might help, for example, with  transportation. This is outrageous.   Such extreme laws are nothing less than an attack on women--on our  autonomy, on our freedom, on our health, and on our privacy. These are  backward positions. They are extreme and draconian.   The decision to have an abortion is one for a woman to make in  consultation with her doctor--no one else, definitely not politicians.   As a doctor, I have been in the room with women making the extremely  difficult and personal decision about whether to end a pregnancy.  Politics has no place there. I have been in the room with a woman with  an ectopic pregnancy for whom abortion is the standard of care.   Let's be clear, State laws that criminalize abortion and also  criminalize travel across State lines for abortion put doctors in an  impossible situation and put women at risk.   As a doctor, I took the Hippocratic Oath to ``first, do no harm,''  and I want you to think for a moment about the harm of a delayed or  more complicated abortion, or that ectopic pregnancy, or the harm of  having a rape victim carry a pregnancy to term, or the rates of  maternal mortality in this country.   Make no mistake. These bans are draconian. Banning travel is extreme,  controlling, and dangerous. Women will die because a bunch of  politicians decided that they should be in charge of women's bodies.  This is reprehensible.   I will keep doing everything I can to protect women's access to  abortion no matter where they live, and I implore my House and Senate  colleagues to pass these bills.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Garcia).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Speier), a real champion for women, for health,  and for families.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), where this is top of mind.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Wilson).    Madam Speaker, once again, I speak as a woman, a mom, a  doctor, and a pediatrician who has rescued many babies in the neonatal  intensive care unit.   I tell you that we have heard a lot of statistics on the other side  of the aisle, but one statistic that has not been said is that 100  percent of women who choose abortion make that decision on their own  and for themselves, and that is the way that it needs to stay.   This is a healthcare decision that only a woman can make in  consultation with her doctor. That is why we are here today, to protect  women's autonomy over their own healthcare, over their own lives, over  their own destinies, and that is a fundamental right.   When we talk about freedom, we want to talk and we need to talk about  the freedom of a woman to control her destiny, to make her own  decisions; and that is why these bills are so important, to protect a  woman's right to choose and to make sure that if her State does not  allow it, she can choose, freely, to travel to another State and get  the care she needs.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   