 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5497, the BURMA Act  which is important legislation to support the courageous people of  Burma as they struggle to wrest democracy from the hands of their  authoritarian military.   On February 1, 2021, after a decade of promising democratic reforms  in Burma, the Burmese military (also known as the Tatmadaw) seized  control of the civilian government, declared a state of emergency, and  unlawfully detained State Councilor Aung San Suu Kyi, President Win  Myint, and many Members of Parliament. In response, the people of Burma  took to the streets to demand the restoration of civilian rule, only to  be met with the Tatmadaw's brutal campaign of repression, involving  extrajudicial executions, mass arrests and disappearances, and other  authoritarian tactics.   H.R. 5497 is legislation to hold the Tatmadaw accountable for their  human rights abuses by authorizing targeted sanctions against the  Burmese military and its affiliated entities. These sanctions will  deprive the Tatmadaw of the resources they need to continue their  violent suppression of the Burmese people. H.R. 5497 also provides  much-needed funds to support pro-democracy civil society groups in  Burma and alleviate the severe humanitarian crisis caused by the  Tatmadaw's violence and mismanagement of the economy.   I'm pleased that this legislation advances many of the goals outlined  in H. Res. 896, a resolution I introduced on the one-year anniversary  of the coup to condemn the Burmese military's human rights abuses. My  resolution calls for tough sanctions against the Tatmadaw, robust  humanitarian assistance for the Burmese people, and increased efforts  to hold the Tatmadaw accountable for atrocities.   At a time when democracy is being threatened around the world, it's  imperative that the United States join with the courageous people of  Burma who are fighting to restore democracy in their country. By  passing H.R. 5497, Congress will demonstrate our solidarity with the  Burmese people, and I urge all my colleagues to support this bill and  vote yes.   