 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2992, the  bipartisan TBI and PTSD Law Enforcement Training Act, that would  require the Bureau of Justice Assistance to develop training for law  enforcement officers on how best to respond to crisis calls involving  individuals suffering from the effects of traumatic brain injuries and  posttraumatic stress disorder.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC),  there were approximately 2.9 million TBI-related emergency department  visits, hospitalizations, and deaths in the United States in 2014 and  TBI's were identified in 25 percent of all injury-related deaths in  2017.   More than 430,000 U.S. service members were diagnosed with a TBI  between the year 2000 and 2020.   With the prevalence of TBI and PTSD among the general population, and  particularly among military service members, there is a need to  increase training for law enforcement officers to recognize the unique  challenges of TBI and PTSD and more effectively respond to crisis  calls.   TBI and PTSD can have a significant impact on an individual's ability  to make decisions, control impulses, or think clearly.   Many of the symptoms of TBI and PTSD, such as confusion, inability to  follow directions, and impaired thinking or memory, can be  misinterpreted or mistaken for intoxication.   And individuals who suffer from TBI or PTSD may also appear agitated  or exhibit impaired emotional functioning, which can be misunderstood  as aggression.   These impairments can impede proper communication and cause  interactions between law enforcement and civilians to escalate, posing  potential safety risks to both parties--when officers are not trained  to recognize the signs and symptoms.   Many officer-involved encounters could have led to better outcomes if  the officers involved had known: 1) how to recognize that these  individuals were in crisis and suffering from the effects of traumatic  events; 2) the best forms of interaction with them; and 3) how to  maximize officer and subject safety.   H.R. 2992 would require DOJ, through the Bureau of Justice  Assistance, to solicit best practices related to recognizing and  responding to individuals with TBI and PTSD and to develop Crisis  Intervention Training tools for law enforcement agencies to better  respond to these potentially catastrophic encounters.   This legislation would incorporate TBI and PTSD training--once  developed--into the existing Police Mental Health Collaboration  toolkit, a proven, no-cost online resource for law enforcement  agencies, made available by the Bureau of Justice Assistance.   It would further require the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention to study and understand the prevalence of concussions and  Traumatic Brain Injury, specifically, among law enforcement officers  and first responders.   Recognizing that Crisis Intervention Training programs have yielded  significant benefits for law enforcement agencies, including limiting  the need for higher levels of police intervention, reducing officer  injuries, and redirecting people in crisis away from the criminal  justice system and toward mental health services, this legislation  would provide additional resources and support for agencies working to  improve public safety and ensure that individuals in their communities  receive the care they need.   This legislation would also build upon existing best practices to  provide officers, through Law Enforcement Mental Health Learning Sites,  additional tools they need to continue to protect the communities they  serve and save lives.   I commend Representatives Bill Pascrell, Don Bacon, John Rutherford,  and our colleague, Representative Val Demings for introducing this  critical, bipartisan legislation and urge my colleagues to join me in  support of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6943, the  bipartisan Public Safety Officer Support Act, which would expand the  Public Safety Officer Benefits Program to include death benefits for  the families of officers who die by suicide, and disability benefits  for officers suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and other  trauma related disorders.   During Police Week, as we honor the men and women of law enforcement  agencies who serve across the country, we must fully consider the  sacrifices officers make and the risks they take to keep our  communities safe.   Officers who dedicate their careers to our safety do so at the  expense of spending long hours away from their families, while  subjecting themselves to traumatic events, and in too many instances,  making the ultimate sacrifice.   The Public Safety Officer Benefits program is an important initiative  within the Department of Justice that provides financial support to  officers, who are injured while serving their communities in the line  of duty, and to families of officers killed in the line of duty.   In 2017, the Department of Justice approved 481 PSOB claims, but not  a single claim for the over 240 public safety officers who died by  suicide.   Unfortunately, the PSOB program does not currently cover injury or  death caused by trauma and/or mental illness, although public safety  officers are disproportionately exposed to traumatic events.   Research shows that law enforcement officers are called to the scene  of roughly 140 traumatic incidents over the course of their careers.   The resulting rates of PTSD and depression among police officers and  firefighters are unsurprisingly five times higher than among the  civilian population.   While we have known for some time that law enforcement officers are  more likely to die by suicide than by traffic accidents and shootings  combined, officer suicides have increased over the last two years.   Sadly, several examples come to mind, including Amanda Crowder, a  Harris County Deputy with the Harris County Sheriff's Office in  Houston, who died in January after shooting herself; two deputies in  St. Lucie County, Florida, who both died by suicide days apart, leaving  behind their one-month-old son; and four police officers, of the  Capitol Police and Washington Metropolitan Police Departments, who died  by suicide after fighting valiantly to protect members of Congress and  preserve the rule of law on January 6, 2021.   The families of the officers who died by suicide following the  January 6th attack are likely barred from receiving any benefit from  the PSOB program under current law.   The failure to provide PSOB benefits to deserving officers and their  families under such circumstances is a deeply troubling limitation on  federal support for first responders and their families that must be  rectified.   And it is drastically different from the United States' military  policy, where suicides are presumed to be line-of-duty deaths caused by  post-traumatic stress, brain injuries, and other deployment hazards.   Now is the time for the Federal government to similarly support  public safety officers suffering from trauma-related injuries and their  families.   Expansion of the PSOB program would provide crucial financial support  to officers and families grieving the devastating loss of a loved one,  following a line of duty injury caused by trauma.   H.R. 6943 would correct a historic wrong by recognizing the impact of  PTSD and other stress disorders on our public safety officers and  expanding the eligibility of the PSOB program to include trauma-related  injuries and death by suicide.   I thank Representatives David Trone and Guy Reschenthaler for  introducing this thoughtful, bipartisan legislation and I urge my  colleagues to join me in support of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 350, the  ``Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 2022.'' I am proudly supporting  this critical measure and encourage my colleagues to do so, as well.   On this past Saturday, 13 people were shot and 10 were killed going  about their daily lives at a supermarket in Buffalo, New York.    of those lost souls were Black.   We know from the racist, xenophobic screeds posted online by the  perpetrator of this attack that this particular supermarket was  targeted because it was located in a predominantly Black residential  neighborhood.   Then, on Sunday, one person was killed and four people were  critically injured at a church in Laguna Woods, California. It appears  this attack was motivated by political hatred directed at the Taiwanese  community.  [[Page H5151]]    We must respond to these brazen attacks because this country--our  country--cannot continue down this hateful pathway.   H.R. 350, the bipartisan Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act, of which  I am a cosponsor, will strengthen the federal government's efforts to  respond to domestic terrorism, focusing primarily on the threat of  white supremacy.   It is a necessary response to the elevated threat of violence posed  by domestic violent extremists, as declared by the FBI--which we must  not allow to continue.   Each component of this bill has been carefully tailored to address  the inadequacies of our current approach to fighting domestic terrorism  and white supremacy.   First, it would authorize the creation of dedicated offices within  the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the  FBI to analyze, investigate, monitor, and prosecute domestic terrorism  jointly; promote information sharing among federal law enforcement  agencies; and take preventative measures, focusing federal resources on  the most significant threats based on the data collected.   Second, DOJ, FBI, and DHS would be required to provide critical  training and resources to help state, local, and tribal law enforcement  agencies focus on understanding, detecting, preventing, and preempting  domestic terrorism.   Third, the bill would also require establishment of an interagency  task force to address the chronic infiltration of Federal law  enforcement agencies and the military by white supremacists and neo- Nazis and biannual reporting on the state of domestic terrorism  threats.   Fourth, this bill does not create new criminal offenses, new lists of  designated domestic terrorist groups, or new investigative powers for  law enforcement.   And because the fight against terrorism should not encroach upon  Constitutional protections, the bill makes clear that no provisions  shall be construed to infringe upon rights protected by the First  Amendment and requires that each report must include a certification  that all civil rights and civil liberties laws and regulations were  followed when conducting assessments and investigations.   We must better equip law enforcement in all communities, on the local  and federal level, to collaborate effectively to identify domestic  terror threats and thwart these cowardly attacks before they happen.   In the last decade, every ethnic group in the United States has been  touched by the increase in domestic terrorism.   These tragedies and their circumstances are all too familiar--the  shooting spree at a Walmart in El Paso, Texas which left twenty-two  dead and twenty-four injured; the rampage at Pittsburgh's Tree of Life  synagogue where eleven people were killed; the racist attack on the  Sikh Temple of Wisconsin which left six people dead; the brutal murder  of nine worshippers at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church  in Charleston, South Carolina; three Muslim college students executed  in Chapel Hill, North Carolina supposedly over parking but tinged with  hostility for the young people's ``look''; the spa shooter in Atlanta  who killed eight people, including six women of Asian descent; and bomb  threats repeatedly called into historically black colleges,  universities, and places of worship during Black History Month this  year.   This bill addresses a real problem that we can no longer ignore.  Thoughts and prayers are not enough. It is time we do more to help root  out domestic terrorism and white supremacy.   I would like to thank Representative Brad Schneider for his  dedication to crafting this bill in a thoughtful, responsive manner.   I urge all members on both sides of the aisle to support this  important legislation just as they did last Congress.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  350--Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 2022, a bill that will  counter domestic terrorism.   I am a cosponsor of H.R. 350, and I thank Chairman Thompson for his  leadership of the Committee on Homeland Security and his efforts to  prioritize the issue of domestic terrorism.   H.R. 350 would authorize a dedicated domestic terrorism office within  the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) responsible for identifying  and analyzing domestic terrorism activity in keeping with existing  authorities and would codify in statute the establishment of dedicated  offices within the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau  of Investigation (FBI) to investigate and prosecute domestic terrorism.   Domestic terrorism has posed a growing threat over the past decade.  FBI Director Wray, when testifying before the House Committees on  Homeland Security and Judiciary warned about this escalating threat,  including in congressional testimony.   In 2017, Director Wray characterized domestic terrorism as a ``very  serious'' issue and noted that the FBI had approximately 1,000 open  domestic terrorism investigations, approximately the same as the number  of FBI's investigations into U.S.-based individuals inspired by foreign  terrorist organizations.   In 2018, Director Wray warned that ``law enforcement, racial  minorities, and the U.S. Government will continue to be significant  targets for many domestic extremist movements.''   In 2021, Director Wray stated that the domestic terrorism threat is  ``metastasizing across the country.''   In response to the Biden Administration's direction to produce a  comprehensive assessment of domestic terrorism threats, the  Intelligence Community and law enforcement concluded in March 2021 that  domestic violent extremists ``pose an elevated threat to the  Homeland.''   No matter what other challenges might emerge we must never forget  that one of our nation's greatest threats comes from our struggle  against violent extremism that began on September 11, 2001 and has  extended to violent extremist living among us who use political  affiliation as a justification for acts of terror.   September 11, 2001 remains a tragedy that defines our nation's  history, but the final chapter will be written by those who are charged  with keeping our nation and its people safe while preserving the way of  life that terrorists sought to change.   I was at the September 11, 2021 commemoration held in New York last  year and reflected on the twenty years since that day of the attacks.   Since September 11, 2001, it has been a priority of this nation to  prevent terrorists, or those who would do American's harm, from  boarding flights whether they are domestic or international.   Over the nearly twenty years since enactment of the Homeland Security  Act, the mission of the Department of Homeland Security has expanded to  include cyber defense of civilian agency and private sector networks;  protecting critical infrastructure in the form of the nation's electric  grid, water delivery systems, transportation networks and federal  election systems; and most recently managing the question of essential  workers during this pandemic.   Annually the Committee on Homeland Security has held a hearing on the  topic of Worldwide Threats to Homeland Security, which have covered a  range of topics from terrorist organizations like Al Qaeda and ISIS, to  home grown involving Lone Wolves and White Supremacists.   The mission of the Committee on Homeland Security has been and will  continue to be on the nearly 3,000 people who died on September 11,  2001, and whom we owe a debt to do all that we can to prevent another  attack on United States soil.   The escalation in violent domestic attacks since the January 6 attack  has particularly been felt by our nation's law enforcement officers,  but others as well in the rise in murder and assaults across the  nation.   Today, we find ourselves in a nation where the terrorism landscape is  more complex and it is imperative that we recognize the unorthodox  nature of the terrorism threat we face today.   The current terrorism threat landscape has three major drivers of  heightened threat:   (1) the convergence of extremist ideologies;   (2) the speed at which individuals who ascribe to extremist  ideologies escalate to violence;   (3) and the enormous growth of misinformation, disinformation, and  mal-information.   The fringe ideologies that have adherents that move from group to  group complicates the work of counterterrorism investigations,  operations, and policy making because the focus would be on means and  methods, understanding the hagiarchy of an organization, then moving to  nullify threats before they manifest into acts of physical violence.   Research shows that ``over the past roughly 15 years, the average  time span of radicalization in the U.S. has shrunk from 18 months to 7  months.''   As Director Wray said in a hearing before the Committee in September  2020, domestic violent extremists ``can go from radicalization to  mobilization in weeks, if not days.''   The speed and ease of the proliferation of misinformation,  disinformation mal-information is unprecedented joined with the mass  invitation to willing minds to commit acts of violence based on  information is unprecedented.   Misinformation, disinformation, and mal-information proliferate on  the internet and build bridges between conspiracy theory and violent  extremism.   According to research by the Soufan Group, ``algorithms employed by  social media companies to generate continued engagement with platforms  are partly responsible for radicalizing individuals to support QAnon,''  with anti-Semitism serving as a bridge between QAnon and white  supremacy extremism.   The non-profit research group Tech Against Terrorism issued a report  finding that ``terrorist  [[Page H5152]]  and violent extremist operated websites from across the ideological  spectrum . . . pose one of the most significant threats to global  efforts in tackling terrorist use of the internet by governments, the  tech sector, law enforcement and NGOs.   While mis-, dis-, or mal-information may not in and of itself  constitute terrorist content, conspiracy theories in such information  may propel terrorists and violent extremists to action.   Misinformation, disinformation, and mal-information undermine  homeland security and law enforcement efforts to combat violent  extremism.   Misinformation and false narratives in political discourse, news  media, and online have increased support for political violence.   The availability of extremist content online means that today,  ``everyone is just a few clicks away from an ever-expanding series of  rabbit holes that offer up whole worlds of disinformation and hate.''   In January 2021, President Biden initiated a 100-day comprehensive  review of Federal efforts to address domestic terrorism.   The review found that racially or ethnically motivated violent  extremists who advocate for the superiority of the white race and anti- government or anti-authority violent extremists are the two most lethal  elements of today's terrorism threat, and as a result of that review,  in June 2021 the Biden Administration released the first-ever National  Strategy for Countering Domestic Terrorism.   It is a comprehensive strategy for addressing the threat posed by  domestic violent extremists and recognizes that online narratives  promoting attacks on U.S. citizens, institutions, and critical  infrastructure are a key factor driving radicalization and mobilization  to violence.   Under the Strategy, DHS is responsible for preventing terrorism and I  targeted violence, including through threat assessments, grants, and  community-based prevention programs; enhancing public awareness;  assessing, evaluating, and mitigating the 'risk of violence inspired by  violent extremist narratives, including those narratives shared via  online platforms; and establishing partnerships with nongovernmental  organizations.   In May 2021, DHS announced the establishment of the Center for  Prevention Programs and Partnerships (CP3), which would help the  Department combat terrorism and targeted violence.   The City of Houston's Mayor's Office of Public Safety and Homeland  Security (MOPSHS) is a recipient of $603,855.00 and has used the funds  to reengage the cities community partners to form a coalition that will  share information, assess threats, and be a resource to the community.   The city will work with the Texas Educational Service Center to  develop a curriculum to educate students about radicalization to  violence, media literacy, and bias.   According to CSIS, White supremacists, extremist militia members, and  other violent far-right extremists were responsible for 66 percent of  domestic terrorist attacks and plots in 2020.   On June 7, Harry H. Rogers--a self-proclaimed leader of the Ku Klux  Klan--intentionally drove his pick-up truck into a crowd of Black Lives  Matter demonstrators in Henrico, Virginia. One protester was injured,  and Rogers received a six-year prison sentence.   In another case a Nevada man used an armored truck to block traffic  on the Hoover Dam Bypass Bridge and held up signs--then he fled to  Arizona where he was arrested.   At the time of his arrest he referenced QAnon conspiracy theories and  discussed related conspiratorial beliefs.   No matter what other challenges might emerge, we must never forget  that one of our nation's greatest threats comes from our struggle  against violent extremism that began on September 11, 2001 and has  extended to violent extremists living among us who use political  affiliation as a justification for acts of terror.   I ask fellow members of the House to join me in voting in favor of  H.R. 350.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  7791, Access to Baby Formula Act, a bill to amend the Child Nutrition  Act of 1966 to establish waiver authority to address certain  emergencies, disasters, and supply chain disruptions.   I am a cosponsor of H.R. 7791, and I thank my good friend and  colleague Congresswoman Jahana Hayes for introducing this important  bill that addresses the ongoing national crisis in shortages of infant  baby formula.   I serve on the House Committees on the Budget and Homeland Security  both of which have oversight or funding responsibilities for addressing  this current crisis.   Many parents know there has been a short supply of baby formula  nationwide for months, due to pandemic-related supply chain issues.   That shortage is now a crisis after four children became sick, and  two died, after suspected bacterial contamination of formula which  originated from Abbott Nutrition's formula plant in Sturgis, Michigan.   This key bill will help improve access to infant formula for  vulnerable families during the infant formula shortage crisis.   Infant formula is essential to a baby's early life and development.   The shortage of infant formula has disproportionately affected women  and children who rely on WIC benefits to purchase infant formula.   Over fifty percent of the infant formula produced in the United  States goes to the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women,  Infants, and Children (commonly known as the WIC program).   The infant formula shortage crisis has taken a especially dangerous  toll on women and children from underserved communities who use WIC  benefits to access infant formula.   The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and  Children (WIC) helps ensure the health and well-being of low-income  women, infants, and children up to ages five who are at an increased  nutritional risk.   WIC participation has been associated with improved infant health  outcomes--including reduced infant mortality and reduced disparities in  hospitalization rates among black and Latino infants.   WIC serves to safeguard the health of low-income women, infants, and  children younger than 5 who are at nutritional risk.   About half of infant formula sold nationwide is purchased with WIC  benefits.   The baby formula shortage is hitting poorer communities  disproportionately hard.   According to an article from CNN, about half of WIC beneficiaries  lost access to baby formula when their major supplier, Abbott  Nutrition, recalled their products.   The shortage has left all parents with less choices and is adding  further pressure to already existing economic disparities.   Recently, I partnered with the National Association of Christian  Churches to distribute baby formula to 800 desperate parents at Jack  Yates High School to provide help to parents with the greatest need in  Houston.   Ovie and Mikayla Cade were two parents of the hundreds that came to  the school for formula to feed their baby and looked to Jack Yates High  School for relief.   The baby formula give-away provided short-term relief to parents in  search of formula to feed their babies.   That is why for the time being I plan to reach out to national  disaster organizations to pull together resources to provide immediate  support for these families.   This shortage transcends state lines and requires a joint effort on  all fronts to get these infants the nutrition they need as quickly as  possible.   This bill provides the Department of Agriculture (USDA) the authority  to waive certain requirements so that vulnerable families in the WIC  program can continue purchasing other safe and available infant formula  products with their WIC benefits during extenuating circumstances, such  as a public health emergency or supply chain disruption.   The current WIC program has restrictions on which infant formula  products a WIC participant can purchase using their WIC benefits.   WIC has limited the types and form of baby formula that can be  purchased by families by only allowing powder formula.   The current crisis is an opportunity to remove this limitation on the  types of baby formula available to parents and focus on the nutritional  needs of babies.   The bill will also ensure that WIC participants are better protected  during a product recall.   This is the first time in recorded memory that our nation has had a  substantial shortage of infant formula.   Babies are in need and parents and caregivers are desperate to find  formula to feed their children.   As the founder and Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I  have worked to address the needs of women, families, and children.   Currently, the nationwide out-of-stock rate for baby formula has  reached a high of 43 percent.   According to CBS News, more than half of all baby formula products  available in Texas are completely sold out, with an out-of-stock rate  at 52.5 percent in Houston.   Infants must eat every three to four hours and their formula or  breast milk must have certain nutrients in order to provide them with  essential nutrition for their growth and development.   The fact that formula feeding exists on a continuum with breast  feeding.   There is no substitute for formula feeding because only 1 in 4  infants breastfeed exclusively.   For parents who depend on baby formula either out of choice or  necessity, this crisis has the potential of impacting an entire  generation of infants for the rest of their lives.   Desperation is overwhelming parents, and some are turning to making  their own baby formula at home.   Pediatricians caution against homemade baby formula as it runs the  risk of not providing the right amount of nutrients necessary for  healthy development.   This crisis was triggered by a manufacturing recall and subsequent  closure of a major manufacturing plant as well as pandemic-related  supply chain issues.   Specifically, on February 17, Abbott Nutrition--the largest infant  formula manufacturer in the country--initiated a voluntary recall of  several lines of powdered formula (including Similac, Alimentum, and  EleCare) and subsequently closed its large manufacturing facility in  Sturgis, Michigan.   The recall and closure of the plant happened because of concerns  about bacterial infection at the Sturgis manufacturing facility after  four infants fell ill and two died.   Also, at the time of the recall, FDA issued a warning to consumers  not to use these recalled products.   President Biden has directed his Administration to work urgently to  ensure that infant formula is safe and available for families across  the country during the Abbott Nutrition voluntary recall.  [[Page H5158]]    Yesterday President Biden spoke with retailers and manufacturers-- including the CEOs of Walmart, Target, Reckett, and Gerber--and called  on them to do more to help families purchase infant formula.   President Biden also announced additional steps to get infant formula  onto store shelves as quickly as possible without compromising safety.  These steps include:   Cutting red tape to get more infant formula to store shelves quicker  by urging states to provide consumers flexibility on types of formula  they can buy with WIC dollars   Calling on the FTC and state attorneys general to crack down on any  price gouging or unfair market practices related to sales of infant  formula, like third party sellers re-selling formula at steep prices   The Biden-Harris Administration will continue to monitor the  situation and identify other ways it can support the safe and rapid  increase in the production and distribution of baby formula.   As a result, more infant formula has been produced in the last four  weeks than in the four weeks preceding the recall--despite one of the  largest infant formula production facilities in the U.S. being offline.   The CDC has ended its investigation and directs consumers to the  Abbott website to get information on the lots recalled and not  recommended for use.   The baby formula shortage is not over and the Congress and the  Administration must work together to find the solutions parents need to  have access to baby formula to feed their infants.   This is not an issue that parents can easily solve at home.   I ask fellow members of the House to join me in voting in favor of  H.R. 7791.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7790,  the Infant Formula Supplemental Appropriations Act which would provide  $28 million in emergency supplemental appropriations to address the  shortage of infant formula in the United States.   I thank my good friend and colleague, Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro, for  introducing this important bill that addresses the ongoing national  crisis in shortages of infant baby formula.   The bill provides appropriations for the Food and Drug Administration  (FDA) to:   address the current shortage of FDA-regulated infant formula and  certain medical foods in the United States; and   prevent future shortages by taking necessary steps to block  fraudulent products from entering the U.S. market.   This is the first time in recorded memory that our Nation has had a  substantial shortage of infant formula.   Babies are in need and parents and caregivers are desperate to find  formula to feed their children.   As the founder and Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I  have worked to address the needs of women, families, and children.   On Saturday, May 14, 2022, I hosted a baby formula giveaway and was  joined by the National Association of Christian Churches (NACC), a  501(c)(3) organization to provide free baby formula to eight hundred  families in need of formula for the babies.   The formula provided would only last a few days, but it was important  because it gave families a few more days to find more formula for their  children.   I am in strong support of this bill and H.R. 7791, a bill to amend  the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to establish waiver authority to  address certain emergencies, disasters, and supply chain disruptions,  which includes providing relief during this baby formula crisis.   I serve on the House Committees on the Budget and Homeland Security,  both of which have oversight or funding responsibilities for addressing  this current crisis.   As many parents know, there has been a short supply of baby formula  nationwide for months, due to pandemic-related supply chain issues.   That shortage is now a crisis after four children became sick, and  two died, after suspected bacterial contamination of formula which  originated from Abbott Nutrition's formula plant in Sturgis, Michigan.   The FDA's Coordinated Outbreak Response and Evaluation (CORE)  Network, along with the CDC and state and local partners investigated  the issue.   According to the FDA, CORE is no longer investigating the incident,  but the FDA established an Incident Management Group (IMG) on April 1,  to continue to work on supply chain and food safety issues.   Although the source of the contamination has been determined and the  investigation has ended, the baby formula shortage problems continue to  remain around the country, and the recall is still in effect.   Currently, the nationwide out-of-stock rate for baby formula has  reached a high of 43 percent.   Over fifty percent of the infant formula produced in the United  States goes to the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women,  Infants, and Children (commonly known as the WIC program).   WIC serves to safeguard the health of low-income women, infants, and  children younger than 5 who are at nutritional risk.   Infants must eat every three to four hours and their formula or  breast milk must have certain nutrients in order to provide them with  essential nutrition for their growth and development.   Oftentimes, formula feeding exists on a continuum with breast  feeding.   There is no substitute for formula feeding because only 1 in 4  infants breastfeed exclusively.   For parents who depend on baby formula either out of choice or  necessity, this crisis has the potential of impacting an entire  generation of infants for the rest of their lives.   Desperation is overwhelming parents, and some are turning to making  their own baby formula at home.   Pediatricians caution against homemade baby formula as it runs the  risk of not providing the right amount of nutrients necessary for  healthy development.   Not having the correct formula can put a child's physical and mental  development at risk due to malnourishment that could occur if the  formula is not correct.   This is not an issue that parents can easily solve at home.   This places the onus on the manufacturers of baby formula and the  Congress to handle the supply chain issues to deliver formula to  parents and caregivers as quickly as possible.   This bill would give money to ensure that already existing formula  brands are safe and can return to shelves as soon as possible.  [[Page H5163]]    According to CBS News, more than half of all baby formula products  available in Texas are completely sold out, with an out-of-stock rate  at 52.5 percent in Houston.   The baby formula shortage is hitting poorer communities  disproportionately hard.   According to an article from CNN, about half of WIC beneficiaries  lost access to baby formula when their major supplier, Abbott  Nutrition, recalled their products.   The shortage has left all parents with less choices and is adding  further pressure to already existing economic disparities.   Recently, I partnered with the National Association of Christian  Churches to distribute baby formula at Jack Yates High School to my  constituents in Houston.   Ovie and Mikayla Cade are just two of the many parents that have been  struggling to feed their baby and looked to the drive for much needed  support.   A drive like this provides short-term relief for an issue that  requires institutional action to create long-term changes.   That is why for the time being I plan to reach out to national  disaster organizations to pull together resources to provide immediate  support for these families.   This shortage transcends state lines and requires a joint effort on  all fronts to get these infants the nutrition they need as quickly as  possible.   I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 7790 for the Infant Formula  Supplemental Appropriations Act.   