 Madam President, I care about the future of this  institution, but right now, I care more about the future of our  democracy. Our country has been the bedrock for democracies around the  world. It has been the gold standard by which other countries wishing  to achieve transparency and validation of their governments, have asked  us to come and witness their elections.   Let's not forget what is great about a democracy. The power rests  with the people. And when you have an election, it is the people who  have spoken.   So whether it was F.D.R. and the New Deal, or Ronald Reagan declaring  ``Morning in America,'' the people had spoken, and the country went  about the change that was implemented because of free and fair  elections.   Trust me, there are countries who are jealous of this. They obviously  run their countries by other means. They are less stable, and they are  less egalitarian. And yet, if we think of the many great advantages of  a democracy, nothing says it better than the people have spoken.   Yet now, we have a former President of the United States, Donald  Trump, who has dared to say and continues to say the people haven't  spoken. Donald Trump is not just like the guy at a football game who  doesn't like the referee's calls. Donald Trump has taken it to a whole  new level of basically, without evidence, saying his team didn't lose  the game.   Can you imagine an NFL or college football structure where the coach  says, ``I don't like the ref's call. My team didn't lose the game. And  I'm going to spend the rest of my time going, marching around to every  football game and every community saying my team didn't lose the  game.''   Well, thank God college and professional coaches know better. They  don't do this. And yet former President Trump keeps saying, I don't  like the call of election officials, judges, Federal courts, never mind  there were 60 decisions by different courts. I am going to protest the  outcome of this election.   Never in the history of our country do I know a major race where  someone declared they really didn't lose. What if everybody went around  saying, I really didn't lose? What if our system of governments would  be affected by that?   Well, it is getting to that level of absurdity. The Republican  nominee in the 2020 Washington gubernatorial election lost by over  600,000 votes. Yet he claimed voter fraud. He lost by 56-43. And even  though he lost by such a huge margin, he claimed voter fraud. He sued  the secretary of state, who happened to be a Republican, in King County  Superior Court. He only dropped the election fraud lawsuit after the  court threatened his lawyer with making meritless claims.   Do we really understand this danger, the danger of people in our  country, to  [[Page S235]]  our economy, to our way of life if these falsehoods continue? We are  not here, though, just because a former President cannot accept an  election loss. He began sowing these seeds of distrust into our  election system the minute he stepped onto the national stage.   We are here because the problem has become so serious that people are  now trying to disenfranchise the voting rights of our fellow Americans.  Some voter suppression tactics are being put in place because some  believe the former President did not like the outcome of the election.   I want to be clear. There are people on both sides of the aisle that  do believe in free and fair elections. There are Republicans in key  election positions who stood up to the illegal tactics of the President  when he tried to change the outcome of the last election. But what our  country can't afford right now is the continuation of Trump-think to  allow to erode the voting rights of our fellow Americans.   Voting rights have been hard fought and hard won. I know the  President presiding understands this--first by women in 1920, then,  later, protecting minority groups in 1965 with the Voting Rights Act.  In 1970, we updated it, making standards helping to regulate  Presidential elections--in 1975, saying we had to protect minorities.  Both sides of the aisle agreed to this. And in 1992, we expanded it for  bilingual education requirements. That passed with 75-20 votes. And  again in 2006, the last time the voting rights was updated, we were in  a similar situation. The Supreme Court had two cases and struck down  part of the act, and we all came together to renew and reaffirm the  constitutional protections for people in the United States of America.  It passed 98-0.   There is nothing wrong with the John Lewis Voting Rights law before  us. There is nothing wrong with the John Lewis Voting Rights law before  us.    It is a bill with bipartisan support that tries to maintain, I think,  a Federal minimum assurance that States don't suppress the rights of  our fellow Americans. When Martin Luther King was fighting this fight,  he said, ``one man, one vote.'' He knew that this was about making sure  that everybody had a chance to vote.   The John Lewis Act is a continuation of those rights in upgrading  something that has been upgraded numerous times since 1965. That is why  my colleagues Senator Manchin and Murkowski called for bipartisan  reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, a bipartisan call for  reauthorization last spring of the Voting Rights Act. They said,  ``Inaction is not an option.'' They continued to say, ``Congress must  come together just as we have done in the past time and time again to  reaffirm our long-standing bipartisan commitment to free, accessible,  and secure elections.''   And that is what we must do now. That is why there are 150 businesses  who support the John Lewis Act--companies like Microsoft and Google,  Intel and Tesla, Target, PayPal. These are companies who know and  understand, they want to do business in a democracy. As Tim Cook said,  the right to vote is fundamental to our democracy.   American history is a story of expanding the right to vote to all  citizens, and Black people in particular have had to march, struggle,  and even give their lives for more than a century to defend that right,  and we support efforts to ensure that our democracy and our future is  more hopeful and inclusive than the past.   There are others--Best Buy--an election cannot be free or fair if  every eligible voter is not given a fair chance to vote or if the law  makes it harder to do so.   Now, I disagree with my colleague who was just on the floor because  there is a lot of demeaning of the system. I am not going to spend a  lot of time on this now because I have another segment here on the  floor later, but I come from a vote-by-mail State, and I am proud of  what our State has accomplished. So I do not appreciate the  disinformation of Newt Gingrich when he says, ``The biggest way with to  expand voter fraud is to expand vote-by-mail.''   He is wrong. If I could slash a red line and a red circle through  this now, I would do so. But I will spend many minutes later on the  floor talking to people why vote-by-mail is part of the solution and  not the threat that he thinks it is.   Companies know that when it comes to our economy, we are greatly  aided by being in a democracy, and that is why they don't want it  eroded. It will cost us if we are a less stable place to do business.  So why now do people refuse to engage on the John Lewis Voting Rights  Act?   You know, I might be one of those people who would say, ``Don't  change the filibuster rule, we can wait.''   Wait? Wait? For what? What are we waiting for? Our Capitol was  attacked. We were attacked. People defending us were killed. For what?  For what? A big lie, a big lie about our election.   I sat outside the Capitol on January 6 and listened to the President  telling these lies I knew weren't true. I knew what he said wasn't  correct about our voting laws because I know and understand them, and I  certainly know vote-by-mail. But he said many lies that now many court  decisions have all said are not true.   But the point is that Donald Trump and his followers keep following  and they tell the people the election wasn't fairly decided, and now,  they are trying to pass State laws eroding our constitutional rights to  protect every American's ability to vote, and some here don't want to  act.   Our democracy is under threat, and people are trying to undermine the  credibility of our elections, and you don't want to act. Trump  supporters are literally trying to hoist a Jolly Roger flag over our  democracy because they lost the election, and some people don't want to  act. Some percentage of the Republican Party now believe that the  election was wrongly decided, and some people don't want to act.   We have to have faith in close elections, and the best way to do that  is not to suppress the vote but encourage and empower more people to  vote in a safe and secure manner. We need to believe in our voting  system, not believe that we can undermine it.   Democracies don't grow on trees. They need to be protected. They need  to be defended. They need to be fought for. And with all the challenges  we are facing--COVID, a changing economy in an information age, global  migration, climate change--I am getting too many questions from my  constituents about whether we are becoming a fascist nation.    Why am I answering those questions? Because Trump told a big lie and  he got people to attack our Capitol and now he is ramping up fear and  anxiety to the point where locals are changing their election laws and  eroding our democracy? No, I can't stand by. I will vote to proceed and  change. I will not stand by because my parents taught me better.   My father fought in World War II and reminded me constantly when I  was growing up that if someone's rights were eroded, you better stand  up because if you don't, they are coming after your rights next. And a  threat to one was a threat to all.   My mom worked at the polls on election day. When she was a child, she  played in her backyard and met an African-American woman who became her  friend. When election day rolled around, my mom noticed that her friend  had to wait outside in the cold to vote, where the White voters got to  go inside and wait. My mom took her friend by the hand inside the  polling place and said, ``My friend's not waiting outside.''   It earned my mom the nickname ``Little Eleanor'' after the First Lady  of the period.   What might seem surprising is how much my mom liked her fellow  Republican precinct committeemen. She felt like they were on the same  team--Team Democracy: people who got the vote out. They may not agree  on who they were voting for, but they agreed people should vote. And  they were willing to live with the consequences. And believe me, my  parents had a lot of--a lot of things that they had to keep fighting  for, but they believed in democracy.   I remember my mom saying how uneasy she felt when she realized her  friends and neighbors, seeing the results of her precinct, didn't  support John Kennedy for President of the United States.   My parents were crushed when John Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, and Dr.  Martin Luther King, Jr., were all assassinated, but they never lost  faith in  [[Page S236]]  the system, and they never said the system was rigged.   What we need to do now is to protect our democracy. We need to pass  the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. We need to say, as Dr. Martin Luther  King, Jr., said, that one man, one vote is what our country stands for,  and it is the strength of our Nation.   One thing about January 6 that bothers me the most--it bothers me the  most because I think about my father and his brother. My father quit  high school to fight in World War II because his brother was already  missing or in a POW camp. He knew he had to join the fight against the  oppressions, the tyranny, the fascism that existed. He knew he had to  join the fight to uphold the democracy of the United States.   This is a picture of what it looked like to be escorted back into  this chamber on January 6. All I could think of when I saw this picture  is, obviously, yes, support and gratitude for the military who  supported us. But all I could think about was my father and his brother  who fought in World War II for these rights, to uphold a democracy, so  that I could stand for election and that my friends and neighbors could  vote for me, and then I would come here in an environment where I was  free to walk into the Capitol at any moment and cast a vote on behalf  of the people that I represent.   And yet, on one fateful day, that all changed. And we were no  different than some other country who had to use military force to  support our democracy here in voting. That is not the way it is  supposed to be. That is not what we are fighting for. Many Americans  have fought to uphold the democracies of our Nation. The least we could  do is pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. The least we could do is  work in a mission together to pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and  show that our country believes in holding these important values of a  democracy as utmost important. Let's vote to get this done. Let's move  forward to show our country we believe in voting rights in the U.S  Senate.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was out here a little while ago  talking about why it is so important for us to move forward and vote on  the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and to uphold the voting rights of  American citizens, something I feel very strongly about.   I have had the good fortune to be in the U.S. Senate since the year  2000 and I got here--I should say the election was in 2000; I took the  oath of office in 2001. I got here in an election that was decided by  2,229 votes. It took 3 weeks to decide the election. It took recounts.  It took verification by counties--and, yes, the vote-by-mail system  which was pretty much the majority of votes at that point in time. Not  everybody voted that way, but a big portion of votes at that time was a  system that was starting to flourish in our State.   And when I think about the year 2000 and the close election, I give  thanks to my predecessor Slade Gordon for, even though it was a close  election, not contesting the election. If people remember, that was the  same year that there was such a close election that people considered  what was the outcome in Florida. And yet Al Gore conceded the election  to George Bush.   My point is that where have we gotten to today? Because all of those  people, George Bush, Al Gore, me, Slade Gordon, even though we had  close elections, we had confidence in the outcome of the election, and  we moved forward.   We moved forward so much in fact that when our country was attacked  just a few months later, we all pulled together to work together to  build a more secure nation. We didn't sit around and say--Slade Gordon  didn't sit around and say, ``I lost by 2,229 votes.'' Al Gore didn't  sit around and say he lost Florida by so many votes and the votes  weren't counted.   No, we moved our country forward, and here in the U.S. Senate, we  even discussed voting rights, and we discussed our Federal role, and we  discussed what reforms we wanted to have in the system to build more  confidence in our electoral system. We didn't disintegrate into voter  suppression activities. I can't say that there wasn't some.   I now call it nostalgia. There were some who said, ``Oh, yeah, vote- by-mail. Maybe we shouldn't have it.'' I remember one of our colleagues  here on the Senate floor, he was saying, ``I so much like to go into  the polling place. It is my patriotic duty. I like to sign my name. I  like to get on with it. I don't want to get rid of that and I don't  like vote-by-mail.''   Well, myself and Senator Wyden, Senator Murray, and others  successfully defended vote-by-mail. And we can see today where it has  now been more embraced in the United States of America and more than  the nostalgia that my friend had.   Trust me, I could say a lot of nostalgia about going into a voting  place and voting. My childhood was spent getting the vote out because  that is what you did in my family. You spent the day getting the vote  out; you helped. I remember 1 year, I said to my father, ``I'd miss too  much school, and I didn't want to miss anymore school, and I had to go  to school on election day.'' He told me there was no greater education  than getting the vote out and that I was going to be doing that. So I  can be nostalgic, too.   But right now, I am proud of the 84 percent turnout in the State of  Washington in a Presidential election year, thanks to vote-by-mail. And  I am proud that vote-by-mail, I think, is the antidote to the  accusations that people have about a voting system that they think can  be attacked by a foreign government or undermined in an electronic  voting system. The fact that when you vote-by-mail, you sign your name,  both on the registration form, sign your name on the mail-in ballot,  rip off a tab, basically mail in that ballot, and you have proof that  you voted. And your signature is the verification. I am going to talk  about that in a minute.   Your signature is the verification that that system works. So, yes, I  am not very happy that we are here because a lot of the tactics that we  are hearing about around the United States of America is about limiting  vote-by-mail. It is about trying to stop it or slow it down or raise  accusations about how it doesn't work.   And part of the initial establishment of preclearance in the United  States in the 1965 Voting Rights Act was about the great disparity that  existed in the United States between States, that some States had very  different turnouts than other States in a Presidential election, maybe  20 percent or 30 percent different. And so people were starting to say,  ``How are you affecting us if some States aren't really empowering  their citizens to vote, and the consequences is suppressing voter  activity?''   I definitely believe in the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. I  definitely believe that, starting in 1965, we had disparity in States  and the way they voted, and we did something about it. And we did  something about it because people were being discriminated against, and  that was the premise of the law, stop the discrimination.   Stop the discriminatory tactics that States were using to  discriminate against people so that their votes couldn't be cast. And  now, we have updated that law many times over the last several decades  in a bipartisan fashion, most of the time signed into law by Republican  Presidents. So I don't get the stumbling block here. I don't get the  stumbling block why people won't come to the table and help us write  the next version of the 1965 Civil Rights Act that is just called the  2022 Civil Rights Act. I don't get it. I don't get why people aren't  coming to the table to do that. But I know this, that one of the big  lies out there, and the Republicans--I see my colleague was here from  Alaska, and I do feel a great affinity.   People may not understand the relationship between the State of  Alaska and the State of Washington, but it is a very true affinity. We  come from the same part of the world. Our economies are integrated. We  have many people who live in both places. We share commonality of  culture, of our environment. And my colleague from Alaska was here  talking about their vote-by-mail system.   And so the fact that people are telling lies and trying to suppress  the vote by suppressing vote-by-mail or calling it fraudulent is very  frustrating. It is very frustrating, and it is one of the reasons we  should come together in a bipartisan way and support vote-by-mail. We  should be empowering people, and particularly in a pandemic, to cast a  vote so that we know their voting is counted, so that we can have  confidence we had an election and people spoke.   Here, we have Newt Gingrich who said numerous times now, ``The  biggest way to expand voter fraud is to expand vote-by-mail.'' Now, he  said that on FOX News. It has been quoted in the paper--not once, he  said it several times--or maybe they keep reading the same clip over  and over again.   Then his next line, which I didn't put on a chart, is, ``And the  Democrats want universal access to vote-by-mail.'' Well, I am not sure  what is wrong with vote-by-mail. We are going to talk about that  because I am not sure what is wrong with vote-by-mail.  [[Page S246]]    Seriously, I have seen it over the 20 years I have been in office  expanded in our State and in Oregon and now used as the majority of the  way that people vote. And so I don't take kindly to his comments or to  the former President's comments that somehow this is a fraudulent  system. It is not.   (Ms. BALDWIN assumed the Chair.)   Madam President, first of all--I have got a lot of charts here, so  you will have to excuse us.   First of all, when you get a voter registration form for vote-by- mail, it says right on the form you must be a citizen of the United  States of America to vote. You must be 18 years of old the next  election, or--yeah, or 18 before the special election. That is what it  says right on the form. There is no mistaking about it. There is no  ifs, ands, or buts about it.   You are going to sign your name and attest to these issues. In fact,  the attestation basically says, ``Knowingly providing false information  about yourself or the qualifications for voter registration is a class  C felony, punishable by imprisonment or a fine up to $10,000, or  both.'' That is a pretty hefty fine. That is a pretty serious issue. I  don't think most people are going to say, ``Oh, I want to help  perpetrate voter fraud because I want to go to jail or I want to pay  this fine.''   And the notion that somebody illegally in the United States is going  to sign up for this--most of these people are just trying to earn an  income and stay on a low profile. I don't think any of them--if you are  an illegal immigrant and you sign up for vote-by-mail and you vote-by- mail, you will be deported. You will be deported.   So I don't think people are out there doing this voluntarily because  they think this is some great way to gain the system. In fact, the  statistics just done by a major report shows that there is less than 1  percent of voter fraud in this system. It is not really this notion  that the former President would like to perpetrate.   Well, the biggest reason why vote-by-mail works is what is here, but  you don't see it. I guess I should sign my name--because right here, I  declare the facts on this registration form are true. I am a citizen of  the United States. I live at this address, for at least the last 30  days before the election which I am going to vote in. I am old enough  to vote in that election, and I understand the jurisdiction of the  Department of Corrections; you can't currently be serving a sentence  for a felony conviction or incarcerated for a federally or out-of-state  Federal conviction.   OK. Right there, you have to sign your name right below that. So this  attestation and requirement--oh, by the way, part of the requirement on  the form that you get is you also have to put in your driver's license  or an I.D.   Now, in many States, you are moving to this enhanced driver's license  requirement, which you have to prove you are a citizen of the United  States. Not every application you get at a driver's license office you  have to prove that, but this is the information on your voter  registration card that you have to prove that you are attesting to the  fact that you are a citizen of the United States. It is information  that can be searched.    So, now, we come to the actual ballot. I don't know if we have a copy  of the ballot here. Well, we will have to go grab one of those. But on  your ballot, you do the same thing. You get a ballot. Your ballot has  to have that signature on it. You vote who you say you are going to  vote for. You put it in a privacy envelope. You stick it in another  envelope. And you mail it in. So at the county auditor, they match that  signature that you signed on your voter registration card with the  signature on that ballot. And that is how they know you are who you say  you are.   Now, that is no different, really, from most of the way voting has  worked in our country for decades. When you go into the polling place,  they ask you for your name. You go to a book, if you noticed, your name  and address were there, in a blank space. And they say, Sign your name.   Most Americans probably never noticed at the top of that page was  also an attestation that said, ``If you are lying about who you are,  yeah, you are going to pay a fine, and you are going to jail.''   So when you went to a polling place and you signed your signature,  they went back and saw it was the signature that you had on your  registration card. So vote-by-mail is replicating that same system. An  application card matched to a signature on your ballot. And that is  what happened.   Now, that is not to say there isn't attempts at fraud, not to say  that there isn't attempts at monkey business, because there is. But it  says the system is based on something that is safe and secure and can  be validated. I am going to shock some people, I am sure, by saying  this, but when I went to vote in the last election, somebody had  requested several ballots in my name--several ballots in my name. I am  sure it was ill intent. There was nothing good about it.   And when I looked to see that they hadn't counted my ballot, even  though I had voted very early in the process, I became alarmed and  called the auditor and said, ``Why haven't you counted my ballot?''   And he said, ``Several people have filed ballots under your name.''   I am sure there was ill intent and monkey business by somebody. So I  decided I am going down to the courthouse to see what this was all  about. But by the time I got there, the auditor had sorted it out and  said, ``I found the one signature that matches your signature, and we  have counted your ballot.''   So if they hadn't done that, they probably threw it in a pile--``Oh,  we got 10 ballots under this name''--whatever it was. Why did that  happen? I don't know. But I know the system worked because he pulled  them all aside and, when he got to it, they matched my name with the  ballot that existed.   Now, for us in Washington, because we have had some very close  elections, the vote-by-mail system has got a lot of scrutiny. We got a  lot of scrutiny in a Governor's race a few years after I got elected,  and the race got down to several hundred votes, really, I think in the  end. It was several hundred votes.   And we had people admitting that they had voted for dead spouses. We  had all sorts of things at the end, when people knew that the level  of--most elections aren't that close. But when you are down to hundreds  of votes and you know that there is going to be scrutiny, the system  works. It doesn't mean there won't be a mistake somewhere and that you  won't have to redo the count and find it. It doesn't mean that there is  absolutely zero, zero, zero, zero fraud.   It means that there is a system based on a safe and secure measure  and that you can go back and check it. Now, I love our vote-by-mail  system, and the voters are proving it, at 84 percent turnout in the  last Presidential election. Sometimes, in off-year elections, we get as  high as 70 percent turnout. So it is working in off-year elections.   Who is not for empowerment and enfranchisement of people? Apparently,  Newt Gingrich isn't because he thinks it is a mastermind theory or some  scenario where we are going to try to take over the world when, in  reality, I would say it is the next phase of voting, particularly in an  era of pandemic and that we need to have our elections be more secure.   I would say that if people are going to fool around and create  distrust in your election system, have a system where you get to tear  off a tab and keep it at home and know that your ballot was cast and  know that you can count it and know that you can count it again.   In my election when I won by 2,229 votes, the tallies weren't the  same each time. They weren't. It changed. It didn't mean they were  wrong. It just meant that various mistakes were made, they verified  their work, and they were corrected. But my predecessor did not  undermine the U.S. democracy by claiming he lost. He didn't go out and  try to pass voter suppression laws. He came back here and worked on the  9/11 commission with all of us and tried to defend our country.   But that is not where we are today. We are here with Mr. Trump-- President Trump--and on January 6, I sat outside and listened to the  President. I really thought, ``I am going to go ahead and give a speech  that night.'' I had no idea what was going to happen to us.    I thought I was just going to speak on the floor that night. I  thought that  [[Page S247]]  was it. I had no idea that we were going to face an insurrection. So I  was taking notes, I thought I was going to give the speech. Turns out,  I didn't get to give that speech. We had kind of a truncated session  that night. We give a few speeches. A few people talked. But I didn't  give a big speech.   I have been waiting to give this speech for a long time. I have been  waiting to repudiate what the President said at his rally for a long  time. And the reason is because I cannot stand to have our election  system, the basis of our democracy, the basis of our country, why we  are the gold standard around the world--I am not sure anybody should go  on a codel anymore to witness an election in another country until we  get our election system right here.   What are you going to say when you get there? What are you going to  say if you are going to go to another country and witness their  election? ``We know how to do it in the United States''? Because right  now we are not proving that. We are showing that we can't move forward  on the John Lewis Voting Rights Act.   Let's go over what President Trump said that night because President  Trump claimed that--his first claim that the Michigan secretary of  state flooded the State with unsolicited mail-in ballots sent to  everybody on the rolls in direct violation of State law. That is what  he said last, that is what he said. That is what he said at his rally.  ``Go down there. Go down there.''   You know, there is moments in this craziness when you realize there  are people who will stand up. And I am not trying to embarrass anybody,  but I was probably the last person to leave this Chamber, and the  Parliamentarian refused to let anyone touch the ballots, even though  she could barely walk down the hall, even though she could barely carry  all those supplies.   She knew that allowing anybody else to touch these certifications of  the election would give somebody the claim that, somehow, somebody had  interfered. So people were doing their job, and in this case, the  secretary of state, in response to a 2018 vote by the people of  Michigan, they approved, in a vote by the people, a no-excuse absentee  voting law. That is what the people of Michigan voted for.   So the secretary of state sent out ballots. Some people didn't like  that. Some people challenged it. And in September of 2020, the Michigan  court of appeals upheld the decision that the secretary of state,  citing the Constitution and their authority over elections, that they  had the authority to mail those ballots.   The supreme court of Michigan didn't take up that case. They didn't  refute it. So it is false. He is trying to say mail-in ballot  applications were illegally sent. It is not true. The people voted for  it. The secretary of state did her job. The courts upheld it.   He tried to say 17,000 ballots were cast by deceased voters. OK. I  mean, to say nothing of the fact that there are probably a lot of  people with the name of John Brown in Michigan, there are a lot of  people by the same name. But there is a system that uses the Social  Security Administration to flag death of deceased voters. And ballots  in this case of those who have died are not counted in the Michigan  election.   In the State of Washington, if you cast a ballot and you mailed it  and you die 2 days later and the election is not until the next week,  your vote counts. Now, your spouse can't cast it after you die and say,  ``My wife intended to vote for so-and-so.'' No, no, no.   But once you fill the ballot out and you put it in the mailbox or  ballot box, your vote is good, even if you die the next day. That is  our State--in Michigan, no. So they did not do this. They did not have  this claim that the President had.   And then he claimed the turnout in Wayne County was 137 percent of  registered voters--or 139 percent, somewhere in there--also not true.  In Wayne County, it was 61 percent of the vote of more than 1.4 million  registered voters. So all that he said about Michigan that night was  false. It was false. And the courts upheld it. It was just a big lie.   Let's go to the Presiding Officer's State. Let's go to Wisconsin.  Trump claimed 170,000 absentee ballots were counted without a valid  absentee ballot application. Now, the President knows that her State is  infamous--famous, appreciated, for the same-day voting. And in  Milwaukee and Dane Counties, a total of 170,000 people did vote  absentee ballot, in person in the 2020 election.   They filled out an absentee ballot application, located in the  envelope like I showed, and sent in the ballot. So they know who those  people are. They know that they were legitimate voters. They didn't  vote without an application. They filled out the application as well.  So this, too, is part of the Big Lie.   And then Trump claimed that 100,000 ballots were backdated by U.S.  Postal workers. That is what he claimed. The U.S. Postal Service  Inspector General investigation to the allegations in all of the USPS  workers and contractors refuted these allegations. There was no  evidence--there was no evidence. There was no evidence that that  occurred.   And then the famous thing that the other side of the aisle constantly  talks about--which I just don't--I don't understand--ballot harvesting.  They think that, somehow, this is going to lead to ballot harvesting.   So Donald Trump claimed that Madison had 19,000 ballots collected by  human dropboxes. I don't even know what a human dropbox is. I don't  know what he means by a human dropbox or operatives. Well, facing  influx, Madison and the city clerk held a pair of events in which  people could go to a park and drop off their absentee ballots at  stations set up and staffed by poll workers.   What is wrong with us if we are trying to make it harder to vote in  America? What is the premise? If the premise is that you want to  certify that people are actual citizens of the United States, great. We  have a system. If you want to certify they live there, great. We have a  system. We have a fine. We have a penalty. We have a way to investigate  them. We have a way to catch fraud.   So what is it? You just want to make it harder to vote? No, no, no.  Democracies are about enfranchising the vote. It is a constant effort.  The same things we did in 1920 don't apply in 2020. In 2020, it is an  information age, and we had a pandemic.   What is wrong with making the vote available to people? So the ballot  harvesting, that he claims, did not happen. That is also part of his  speech that night. He went on for 45 minutes. He went on for 45  minutes, whipping people up to come down here and attack the Capitol  based on these lies that weren't true--big lies that weren't true.   Then he went on to Georgia. He claimed over 10,000 ballots in Georgia  were cast by individuals whose names and birth dates matched Georgia  residents who died in 2020 prior to the election. He later revised that  down. He was like, ``Oh, wait. No, that is too high.'' He said it was  5,000. And the State election board in Georgia conducted a  comprehensive investigation of deceased voters submitting ballots and  found four cases--four cases. Four cases.   Again, I don't know what Georgia's law is. I don't know if it is like  Washington, I don't know if it is like Michigan's, I don't know what it  is like but they found four people. But it wasn't 5,000; it wasn't  10,000. Trump claimed that there were 66,000 people that were under the  age of 18 who voted.   I think this has gotten a lot of attention because I think there is  been some public accounting of this in the press. I think the secretary  of state refuted this several times. But in general, the secretary of  state said that there were zero individuals under 18 who voted in the  election based upon a comparison of people who voted in the 2020  election in Georgia to their full birth dates. So that also was  refuted.    And then Trump claimed--I showed you that attestation on the  Washington ballot, the certification that you have to sign, what it  says. You can't vote if you are incarcerated or a felon. So Trump  claimed that there were 2,500 ballots cast by incarcerated felons in  Georgia prison. So there was no mass incarcerated voting of felons.   They did investigate and did find 74 potential felons who they think  could have cast a ballot. And guess what happened? They pulled them, so  they weren't counted. That is how the system works. That is how the  system works. That is what you are supposed  [[Page S248]]  to do. That is why you have the system. So just like the other States-- no, those voter claims were false.   OK. Let's go to Arizona, also another claim. He has made a lot of  claims since then, but I am just focusing on the ones mostly from that  evening because that is what sent people down here and, now, that is  what sent us on where we are with candidates all across America  pledging Trump-think to run for office, which is undermining our  election system and undermining our democracy. And all I want is our  colleagues to work together on the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. That  is all I want.   This can't be more tumultuous than 1965. I am not saying that the  former President isn't stirring up a lot. He is. But I have got to  believe that we can work together. So he said 36,000 ballots were  illegally cast by noncitizens.   Why am I going through this? Because I get a little tired of  everybody just saying, ``Oh, the courts decided. The courts decided. He  was wrong, the courts decided. He was wrong.''   No, no, no. People need to have faith in the system. We need to work  to build faith in the system. We need to work in a bipartisan fashion  to build faith in the system, and we need to stop the discrepancies  between States.   The 2020 turnout in Washington was 87 percent; Alaska, 60 percent;  West Virginia, 63 percent; Georgia, 66 percent; and Wisconsin, 72  percent. I don't know. I think it is probably a little higher. I don't  know. Preclearance was based on that there was 20 percent difference in  States voting; 20 percent difference still exists today. How are we  working to protect our democracy and enhance voting rights if we are  here trying to suppress those rights through these various State  actions?   So in Arizona, the President said 36,000 ballots were illegally cast  by noncitizens. Well, I showed you that attestation that you have to  sign that basically says you are going to jail or you are going to be  deported or you are going to pay a fine. And in Arizona, the Supreme  Court basically had previously struck down a law requiring that proof,  and so they did submit proof of their--they do submit and attest to  their citizenship. So they do attest to their citizenship, and since  then, Arizona has further enhanced their laws.   And 22,000 ballots were returned that were scheduled to be mailed  out. I love this all the time--I love this all the time, this notion  that, somehow, somebody leaked a bunch of ballots, as if they all don't  have a barcode on them. They all have a barcode on them that you know  where they are. They have a number attached to them.   But because we have so many people who vote overseas or vote even  here in the Washington, DC, area--some of my staff here get a ballot  earlier than I would get a ballot at my home in Edmonds, WA, and the  reason is because they know that they live here and it takes a long  time to get the ballot and get it back to the secretary of state.   So they are probably referring to ballots that were being mailed out.  The claim was really just a misreading of data that parties that mailed  in the ballot on the first day that literally could have been overseas  ballots before the ballots actually went out because a previous batch  of ballots were already sent.   There was a claim that there were more than 11,000 ballots cast, the  numbers of registered voters in the same State in the 2020 election.  The secretary of state reported 3.4 million votes were cast out of 4.3  million registered voters for a turnout of 79 percent.   So there weren't more--there might have been at some moment. I mean,  one of the things that you see in close elections, particularly in our  State because it takes a long time to count vote-by-mail, because,  again, you are doing the verification of signatures, is counties will  list how many ballots that they have left. No county ever overestimates  how many ballots they have.   They don't know because you are still getting them in because of the  vote-by-mail. Nobody says they have more ballots than they do because  then everybody is going to say, ``Where are those ballots,'' so people  underestimate the number of ballots. The consequence is you have  different numbers that come in every day.   It doesn't mean there is something wrong with the system--the system,  again, based on your signature, on your registration, on your  attestation. Again, it is not to say there won't be less than a decimal  percent of 1 percent fraud. There will be some things that happen, but  it is not pervasive to the system. And there is a way to catch them.  There is a way to penalize them.    And 150,000 voters were registered in Maricopa County without voter  registration deadline--after the deadline had passed. And a Federal  judge, basically, in that case, cited the impact of the COVID-19  pandemic, and there were 20,000 ballots that basically were registered  after October 5. The court legally extended that deadline because of  COVID-19.   So the notion that these were all illegal, you may not have liked the  court decision--I know the former President does not like the court  decision, but this is what the court decided in these cases. These are  what voters decided, what States decided. He just doesn't like the  outcome of the system.   And the reason why we are here today on the John Lewis Voting Rights  Act and to try to pass these laws is because our country, based on a  democracy, knows that enfranchisement, voter enfranchisement, is  something that we have to constantly be working for. I talked about a  couple of companies earlier. I would like to talk about a few more, if  I could.   The reason I am saying this is because, right now, we need to unite  the free press, the business community, the general public, everybody  we can, to say, Let's get behind free and fair elections. Let's get  behind the verification of the system. And let's strengthen the  democracy we have in the United States of America.   But what did Best Buy say? They support the John Lewis Act. They say,  ``An election cannot be free or fair if every eligible voter is not  given a full chance to vote or if the law exists that make it harder  for them to do so.''   Michael Dell basically said, ``Those rights, especially for women,  communities of color, have been hard-earned. Government should ensure  citizens have their voices heard. HB-6 does the opposite, and we are  opposed to it.''   PayPal, an organization, said, ``The passage of the John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act of 2021 is pending now in the U.S. Senate and  will be an important step towards making free and fair access to voting  a reality for all.''   These are all corporations who know the importance of doing business  in the United States, the importance of a democracy, and they have to  be scared about what they are seeing. They got people coming up on  stages in rallies all over the United States basically saying, ``I will  overturn the 2020 election.''   Do you think people want to do businesses in countries like that? No.  People want to do business in stable countries where you have a free  and fair election and you keep going. That is the beauty of the  democracy--the people have spoken, as I talked about earlier.   Microsoft, they are really trying to rally everybody: ``We hope that  companies will come together and make it clear that a healthy business  requires a healthy community. A healthy community requires that  everyone have the right to vote conveniently, safely, and securely.''   So they obviously get it. They know what this is about.   Salesforce, another organization, they basically have said, ``As  voting rights have come under attack in places like Georgia and Texas,  we have used our platform to advocate for the right to vote based on  nonpartisan principles and action.''   Let's go, the Greater Phoenix Leadership--GPL--``Disenfranchising  voters is not election reform. These efforts are misguided and must be  defeated.''   And this was in an op-ed opposing Arizona Senate bills 1485, 1593,  and 1713. And it was signed by 50 Arizona business leaders. The reason  I am saying this is because these businesses right now are leading the  charge on efforts to try to stop these voter suppression tactics in  States, and they are trying to tell us, ``Hey, you guys do the same  thing here, please. You guys please join the effort and do the same  thing here, please.''    There is another--well, Coca-Cola, I think they have been pretty  clear, although we should see what they say.  [[Page S249]]  This is a statement on Georgia's voting legislation. They say, ``We  want to be crystal clear and state unambiguously that we are  disappointed in the outcome of Georgia's voting legislation. Our focus  is now supporting Federal legislation that protects voting access and  addresses the voter suppression across the country.''   Major League Baseball, they have been pretty clear on this. There is  been quite a debate about this. It happened--you know, I don't know  what is going to happen this week. I don't know what is going to  happen. But I know when we raised questions about the Washington  Football Team and spoke directly to the team, we said, ``This is the  wrong approach. You need to change.'' They said, ``We don't want to.''   In the end, the business community, supported by many Native American  organizations, the business community told the Washington team it was  time to change. So the business community is telling us here, Do not  suppress the rights of voters in the United States of America.   So we may not be successful here, but I guarantee you the business  community will continue to be loud about this because they know that  voter suppression and undermining democracy is undermining healthy  communities here in the United States.   So ``Major League Baseball fundamentally supports the rights for all  Americans and opposes restrictions at the ballot box.''   And the Black Economic Alliance, this was a statement on the Georgia  voting legislation signed by 72 Black economic and business leaders:  ``While the use of police dogs, poll taxes, literacy tests and other  overtly racist voter suppression tactics are a thing of the past,  Georgia and other States are rushing to impose new and substantial  burdens on voting laws following an election that produced record  turnout for both parties. The disproportionate racial impact of these  allegedly `neutral laws' should neither be overlooked nor excused. The  stakes for our democracy are too high to remain silent or on the  sidelines.''   So all of these organizations--I want to just end with one last one,  the Civic Alliance. The Civic Alliance is an organization signed by  1,200 member companies that basically said: ``If our government is  going to work for us, for all of us, each of us must have equal freedom  to vote, and elections must reflect the will of the people. We cannot  elect leaders in every state capital and Congress to work across the  aisle. We call on elected leaders in every capital and in Congress to  work across the aisle and ensure that every eligible American has the  freedom to easily cast their ballot and participate fully in our  democracy.''   So these are the statements of people who are ringing the bell of  concerns about voter suppression across the United States of America.  These are the people who are saying it is time for us to act. They are  not saying, Figure it out in a few years. They are not saying, This is  something you can deal with later. They are asking us to act now.   Usually, the business community doesn't get that involved in stating  legislation by House and Senate bill numbers. They usually don't do  that. They are usually a little more reticent. They are not reticent  now because they know doing business in a democracy is way better than  in some scenario of voter suppression.   So I ask my colleagues to join us in getting this done. I see my  colleague who has been the leader on this effort overall, the Senator  from Minnesota, and I thank her for her leadership on this issue. This  has been a hard-fought battle and something she has put a lot of energy  into, and I want to personally thank her for that leadership and  continuing to fight this fight.   I yield the floor.   