 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, last night, as I was doomscrolling--as  they say one does at 2 in the morning when you can't sleep--what I was  looking up were places to buy ballistic protective backpacks for my  daughters, who are 4 and 7, and places to buy ballistic protective  white boards, which could be donated to my girls' school, that would  act as shields should a shooter go to their school. It is bad enough  that I felt I had to do that, but the fact of the matter is, those  pages were already bookmarked because it was not the first time that I  have had to look them up.   Just 10 days, 240 hours, less than 2 weeks is all it took. It took  just 10 days from the racially motivated domestic terrorism attack in  Buffalo before we had to mourn the loss of yet more Americans--this  time, 19 babies and 2 teachers--to a senseless, horrific, and,  importantly, preventable mass shooting in Uvalde, TX. These were  children gunned down at their school, with their small bodies mangled,  utterly destroyed by lethal weapons of war that are designed to quickly  kill adults.   So, last night when I got home, I held on to my two babies so  tightly. They didn't know why, but I wasn't going to let them go. I was  just so grateful they came home from school.   Today, there are at least 19 more families in our country that will  never be able to forget the horrific site of what happens to a baby's  body, to a child's body when shot at close range with an AR-15 or  similarly styled rifle meant for battlefields and not schools.   I come to the floor today because, as a mother, I am beyond angry. I  am furious, heartbroken, and fed up. I am sick to my stomach thinking  about what those parents are feeling right now. They sent off their  babies to school yesterday morning, just like I did. They packed their  lunch, like I did. They argued with their babies about hurry up, the  bus is coming. You are going to miss the bus. No, you really do have to  wear a sweater. I know that you don't think it is cold, but you have to  wear a sweater or today is PE day, and you have to wear your tennis  shoes. But unlike my daughters, those babies never came home again.  They will never laugh their beautiful laughs again. They will never  smile their wild, silly, gorgeous smiles again. That is a hell on Earth  I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.   As a Senator, I ask my colleagues: How many more children will you  allow to be murdered on your watch? How many more? How many more tiny  bodies have to be ripped apart by weapons of war before you will stand  up to the gun lobby and the NRA? How many more children will you allow  to go to school each day traumatized, fearing for their lives;  children, terrified of being gunned down in their classrooms,  practicing active shooter drills instead of studying their ABCs and  123s. When will it be enough for you to do something, anything, to  simply do your job? When will children's lives matter more than your  check from the gun lobby? When?   Last night, my colleague from Connecticut Senator Murphy came to the  floor to ask our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, ``What are  we doing?'' But my Republican colleagues know exactly what they are  doing. They know exactly what they are risking, whose lives they are  endangering when they refuse to lift a finger in the wake of yet  another mass shooting.   When the assault weapons ban was allowed to expire, the number of  mass shooting deaths tripled--tripled. We know that the ban works, and  we need to reinstate it.   Republicans are yet again pushing for nothing to be done, falling  back on the old line that only one thing stops a bad guy with a gun,  and that is a good guy with a gun, knowing full well that there were  good guys with guns at both Uvalde and Buffalo. And here we are,  mourning dozens of lives anyway.   And I have even heard some of them say let's equip the teachers with  guns. I would rather equip teachers with more pieces of chalk and more  learning tools than guns because even if those teachers had had a gun  in the classroom, they didn't have a chance to react to go grab that  gun, and they are dead today.   They pretend like all we can do is send thoughts and prayers or they  say it is too soon to talk about politics. But they know that we don't  have any time to wait. This time, we didn't even have 10 days to wait  from Buffalo.   It is their job to do more than send thoughts and prayers. It is  their job--our job--to prove that we care even the least little bit  about those little bodies and the giant heartbreaks they leave behind.   We know how to stop these attacks from happening as often as they do.  Heck, the entire rest of the world has figured it out. We all know  there will be another and another and another attack in the weeks and  months ahead if we do nothing. More innocent lives will undoubtedly be  lost.   So if you are not willing to act, if you are not willing to do the  most basic part of your job to prevent the senseless loss of innocent  life, then again I ask, why are you here?   The Senate should immediately, at a 50-vote threshold, vote on the  commonsense gun safety reforms that the American people have demanded  for so long. And don't tell me this is about the filibuster because we  have, time and again, voted at the 50-vote threshold on things that  matter, like raising the debt ceiling or the defense budget. Yet the  lives of our babies, the right of  [[Page S2690]]  our babies to not be torn apart by weapons meant for war is not worthy  of that?   We are talking about universal background checks. We are talking  about the kind of reforms that widespread majorities of Americans  support. And in the face of yet another moment of unimaginable,  unbearable, unfathomable grief, let's show the Nation that we value  children's lives more than an arcane Senate procedure rule. Let's do  what adults are supposed to do. Let's protect our kids, the most  vulnerable, the most innocent. Let's do our jobs. Let's do what we were  sent here to do, what our children are depending on us to do.   We owe it to each victim of this tragedy and every tragedy before it  and their loved ones to finally act. Enough was enough a very, very  long time ago. May those babies rest in peace, those little angels now  in Heaven.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   