 Madam President, I rise today at a time in which families  in Arizona and across America are scared. For too long, they have seen  unacceptable levels of violence in their communities, and it threatens  their sense of safety and security.   The morning after the tragic, horrible activity at Robb Elementary  School in Uvalde, TX, we all felt that fear. We felt it when we spoke  to our neighbors and our friends and checked on our loved ones to  ensure they were OK.   For decades, parents have lived with the unnerving uncertainty of  what might happen when they send their children to school or attend  worship services, go to the grocery store, or even simply let their  kids play outside.   For too long, political games in Washington on both sides of the  aisle have stopped progress towards protecting our communities and  keeping families safe and secure. Commonsense proposals have been  tossed to the side by partisan lawmakers choosing politics instead of  solutions.   Elected officials have made a habit of insulting one another for  offering thoughts and prayers, for blaming violence on strictly mental  illnesses or video games or particular kinds of weapons or any cause  that didn't align with and confirm their own predetermined beliefs.   Casting blame and trading political barbs and attacks became the path  of least resistance, but the communities across our country that have  experienced senseless violence deserve better than Washington politics  as usual. Our communities deserve a commitment by their leaders to do  the hard work of putting aside politics, identifying problems that need  solving, and working together towards common ground and common goals.   On May 24, as news spread of the shooting in Uvalde and the 21  beautiful lives cut short, my friend and colleague Chris Murphy came to  the Senate floor, and he asked the Senate one simple question: What are  we doing; why are we here, if not to solve a problem as existential as  this?   I am grateful that colleagues on both sides of the aisle have  answered Chris's question by resolving to do the hard work, build  consensus, and find solutions.   Senator Murphy, a tireless advocate for families in Connecticut,  reached out to my friend Senator John Cornyn of Texas, offering his  condolences and assistance. Senator Cornyn was in Uvalde, comforting  families who were experiencing the unthinkable, and Senator Murphy had,  sadly, been in a similar place 10 years before at Sandy Hook.   That same day, I reached out to Senator Cornyn and Senator Thom  Tillis, two friends I have worked with to craft lasting, bipartisan  solutions managing the crisis at our border and helping veterans access  the benefits they have earned. We all planned to get quickly together  to identify realistic solutions.   Within 1 day, Senators Murphy, Cornyn, Tillis, and myself--all  representing diverse States from across the country--sat down and  started working together.   That same day, we met with a larger group of 12 bipartisan Senators,  all of whom were eager to sit down, work together, and find a path  forward.   Those meetings started a 4-week process, considering and working  toward a host of solutions that would save lives, make communities  safer, and protect Americans' constitutional rights.   As we wrote our bill, we viewed our conversations as collaborations,  not negotiations. We refused to frame our work as giving something up  to getting something in return, and we stayed laser-focused on our  shared goal of reducing violence and saving lives across American  communities.   We acknowledged that the root of violence plaguing our communities is  complex. It can be partly attributed to criminals with dangerous  weapons and attributed to a mental health crisis affecting young people  in cities and towns across America.   We spent hours carefully considering policy provisions, ensuring that  we got the language right and that every policy included in our bill  could help save lives, help children learn and grow in healthy,  supportive environments, and make our communities safer, more vibrant  places.   It was hard work, and it was worth it. Together, we put aside our  differences, focused on our shared values, and crafted a bill that  expands resources in schools to help kids grow and learn, where they  feel connected to their communities and where they know they can seek  help if they need it.   We boosted mental health resources through more community behavioral  health clinics and increased access to telehealth services, ensuring  that kids and families have access to care no matter where they live.   Our mental health and school support proposals include evidence-based  resources and programs that I saw help reduce violence when I was a  young social worker serving in Sunnyslope and Shaw Butte Elementary  Schools in Phoenix.   Our provisions to protect more survivors of domestic violence will  reduce the impact of trauma in children's lives all across the country,  ensuring that more kids and families grow up in safe homes, free from  violence, and free from the fear of violence.   And acknowledging the fact that the overwhelming number of gun owners  are law-abiding citizens, we cracked down on criminals who illegally  sell or purchase guns and ensure that courts, consistent with clear due  process rights, can keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of people  who are dangerous to themselves and others.   I am the sister of a police officer, and I grew up in a family of gun  owners. I know firsthand how fundamental the Second Amendment is to  families across Arizona. Arizonans have a constitutional right to bear  and keep arms, and that right will not be infringed upon.   Instead, our Bipartisan Safer Communities Act ensures that our  background check system works effectively and includes those who have  committed dangerous crimes as juveniles  [[Page S3054]]  or who have a history of domestic violence--protecting the  constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans while reducing familial  violence and occurrences of childhood trauma.   All of these tools together will give families in Arizona and across  our country more peace of mind so they can trust that their communities  are secure and their schools are safe.   And, critically, the broad, bipartisan support of well over 60  Senators from across the political spectrum, including both the  Republican and Democratic Senate leaders, ensures that when our bill is  signed into law, it will stand the test of time.   You know, over the past few years, we have been told, time and time  again, that bipartisanship just isn't possible. And even after proving  bipartisan success with our historic Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  law last year, we continued to be asked by pundits and political  purists to accept a new standard by which important policy can only  come together on a party line.   But that just isn't true. What could be more important than keeping  families and children safe and secure in their communities and in their  schools?   The truth is, Americans are far more united than today's politics  would have you believe. Ask our constituents in Arizona, Connecticut,  Texas, North Carolina, and every State in between--ask them what they  want to see in Washington, and they will tell you: an ability to work  together, to solve problems, and help them build better lives for  themselves and their families.   Our bipartisan group of Senators rejected the notion that legislating  must be a zero-sum game, with winners on one tally sheet and losers on  another.   Together, we provided an example for how Washington can and should  work. We got out of our comfort zones; we built broad coalitions with  unlikely allies; and we refused to demonize each other when things got  tough.   And I sincerely thank Senator Chris Murphy for his passion, Senator  John Cornyn for his leadership, and Senator Thom Tillis for his  pragmatism.   Each of my friends and colleagues brought a unique perspective and  expertise that allowed us, together, to craft the most holistic  approach to community violence in nearly 30 years.   I also want to thank all of our staffs, especially my legislative  director, Michael Brownlie, and my counsel, Chris Leuchten, for their  tireless hours, including working straight through Father's Day to get  this bill right.   You know, their efforts will save lives, help families across our  country feel more secure, and make our schools safer.   I promised Arizonans that I would be an independent leader for our  State and that I would ignore the chaos of Washington and instead just  focus on getting things done. It won't surprise anyone who might be  listening today when I tell you that Washington hasn't always liked my  approach. But our bipartisan bill demonstrates the difference that  elected leaders can make in the lives of our constituents when we  choose to heal our divisions instead of feed those divisions.   Our historic legislation proves that bipartisan solutions are  possible when we just stay focused on what we were sent to Washington  to do--to solve problems, help Americans thrive, and ensure that our  country remains a safe and secure place to call home.   And on this particular bill, my colleagues and I join together with a  special sense of purpose to honor the lives that were tragically lost  to senseless violence in Uvalde, in Buffalo, in Tucson, in Parkland, in  Charleston, at Sandy Hook, and in communities all across our country.   Our plan will make American communities safer, and we will help  return a sense of security to everyday American families.   I couldn't be more grateful for this moment.   I yield the floor.   