 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor to talk about  supply chain issues because we all know that supply chain issues are  plaguing us on a variety of fronts, and Congress needs to act to help  consumers, to help our industries, and to make sure that supply chains  work very well.   I want to start by thanking the Biden administration for their fast  action, along with Agricultural Secretary Vilsack, for creating popup  space at our ports to make sure that U.S. growers and shippers can get  their products to market.   We have seen exorbitant rates now charged in shipping; that is, rates  that used to be $1,300 a container have now gone up to either $5,000 a  container or $11,000 a container, just depending on where you are  talking about products being shipped. So agricultural products are  being left on the docks because ships are actually returning empty and  not taking our products with them.   Tomorrow, we will try to address this issue in the Senate Commerce  Committee, but for now, as I said, last Friday, the administration  announced a very innovative plan to make sure that there was dock space  at U.S. ports to make sure that U.S. shipments--agriculture  specifically--can be waiting and ready on the docks and get out the  door. This is so important because there were industry officials there  from the lentil association, from the dairy association--they said they  had lost billions last year from the impact of not being able to get  their products to market.   We know for a fact that there were 24 percent fewer containers that  left full last year, and some people say that number has risen to 30  percent this year. So it means that instead of being filled with our  U.S. exports to Asia, these containers are being left empty, and they  are hurrying back to be filled up with more imports and then running  back here to the United States.   We can't allow this cost to impact our growers. Not only does it  impact them in not getting the product to market, but what happens is,  they actually lose shelf space. No one is going to wait forever for the  U.S. product to come; they will just go to another country and give  them the shelf space. So the Biden administration is taking quick  action to create this space at our ports to make sure that U.S.  products are well positioned to get back to these markets as quickly as  possible.   Congestion has been part of the problem. We have seen a huge increase  in imports coming into the United States. That has caused uncertainty  and congestion at these ports, and we need to do--that is why many of  us supported the infrastructure bill, to also build more capacity at  our ports.   We know that we are going to continue to do everything we can in this  area of shipping reform to make sure that U.S. farm agricultural  products get to their destination in a timely fashion.   I will have more to say about that tomorrow after we get legislation  through our committee, but today, I really wanted to speak to our  colleagues and ask them to support moving forward on going to  conference on the United States Innovation and Competition Act.   It has been 286 days since the U.S. Senate passed this legislation,  and we have an opportunity to help establish on a continued basis  American leadership in technology, to employ more people, to help our  country compete in the economy of the future. But we can't do that if  we don't get legislation passed, and we can't continue to wait for  people who don't want to go to conference. Our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle have to help us get to conference.   This is so important because by 2030, there could be more than 10  million new jobs in clean energy, advanced  manufacturing, communication, and in computing. All of those--guess  what--depend on us making sure we do the right amount of R&D and making  sure that we help bring U.S. manufacturing back to the United States.    This is so critical as Americans are feeling the pinch from products  that they can't get. We all know that we have to help small  manufacturers who struggle with the supply chain themselves. That is  why this bill invests in the National Institute for Technology to help  companies strengthen their supply chain and fend off the threats of  [[Page S1264]]  cyber security attacks. We also know that there is money in here to  help educate a STEM workforce so that we can train and skill the number  of people in STEM jobs that we need. But let's talk specifically about  one supply chain crisis that is crippling America's economy right now  because we don't have enough semiconductors.   Semiconductors are an integral part of our system in communication,  in defense, in healthcare, in transportation. Yet there are zero  semiconductor fabrication facilities in the United States that produce  the most advanced chips. That is what we are after--the most advanced  chips.   The United States must keep its leadership in this area of advanced  technology. In fact, over 90 percent of these chips are manufactured in  the Pacific, in Taiwan. The rest are made in South Korea. So this is an  economic and national security issue. Chip shortages drive up costs,  and they also make us less safe.   We know, thanks to a report from the Senate Armed Services Committee  10 years ago, that more than 1 million counterfeit components have been  made and made their way into our national security system. So we have  been fighting hard to fix that problem.   Just this month, Europol reported that counterfeiters are trying to  exploit the semiconductor shortage by introducing fake chips into the  market, raising the chances that critical infrastructure like our  defense system or other kinds of communication systems could be  compromised.   We have also been working hard to ``rip and replace''--a term that  has been used--to try to get foreign telecommunication electronics that  could be compromised and used as a backdoor to try to make sure that we  lower this threat.   According to the telecommunications industry, this effort is  compromised by what? Our chip shortage, which now we know that waiting  times for some network equipment is now at 50 weeks--50 weeks for  something that is so important to our national security.   The cost of some networking equipment has risen by as much as 12  percent. You hear about the cost of everything. We certainly hear about  the cost of cars. So 12 percent, and people are selling chips for 100  times their regular price. That is no way to help us build out secure  broadband access.   When it comes to clean energy, which requires chips, the prices of  solar panels are up 18 percent because of the chip shortage. The cost  of a used car has gone up 41 percent and 12 percent for new cars.   So a lot is due to this semiconductor shortage. Yet our colleagues  don't know if we want to hurry after 286 days, go to conference, and  fix this problem. I am asking my colleagues to vote to help us proceed  to conference. Let's not take another 3\1/2\, 4 weeks to figure it out.  If you don't like the House bill--I know a lot of my colleagues don't-- let's get a better bill, but let's go to conference to get that done.   We know right now depending on one country largely for chip  fabrication is not the best idea, particularly when there are numerous  issues. It has just been over 18 months since security researchers  found a hacking campaign that compromised at least seven Taiwanese chip  manufacturers to steal semiconductor chip designs.   So do we want to continue to rely on these other countries or do we  want to manufacture here in the United States of America something so  critical to what is critical to the industries of the future and help  us by making sure that we have a plan never to have these kinds of  price spikes impact us because of shortages?    So I ask my colleagues this. These R&D bills are going to help us  with U.S. manufacturing. They are so important. In addition to the  semiconductor manufacturing incentives that are in these bills, it  specifically has resources for the Department of Defense to secure  microelectronic supply chains and help our national security mission.  That is what is at stake here. Why are we delaying? If you don't like  these ideas, at least let's get on the bill and offer some ideas in  conference that you would like to see. We are more than happy to have  that discussion.   Industry is taking action to try to resolve the shortages, but  investing in semiconductor manufacturing technology will actually help  us increase the productivity that is so essential and needed for our  foundries.   Our current shortages--some people might think: Well, in a few years,  we will catch up, and it will be a thing of the past.   I will tell you, if we don't act, more shortages are to follow. The  world needed 1 trillion chips per year by 2018. In 2021, it was nearly  1.2 trillion chips per year. That is how our economy has changed, and  everything relies on these semiconductors. In 2031, if total sales  match the revenue projection, we will need 2 trillion chips per year.  That is why we need to act quickly on something that is impacting,  practically every day, parts of our lives. Current projections show  that demand for chips will grow in all sectors--especially the  automotive sector, where semiconductor content in vehicles could  double.   Now, I don't know--I heard a lot of talk as I went home to hear about  these issues. Some people are saying that maybe people are even taking  semiconductors out of the current designs of automobiles just so they  can get the product ready, so they can get it to ship. Now, why do we  want that? We don't want that. We want America to have a full supply of  semiconductors, produce the best intelligent product that the market  wants, and compete internationally. But to do that, we have to get this  bill moving, and we have to get support.   That is why on Wednesday we are having members of the semiconductor  industry testify before the Senate Commerce Committee--so we can hear  about how the United States can have next-generation technology and  lead in this critical area. We do not want to rely on someone else to  make sure that we have a secure nation, secure communication, and the  next generation that is going to move our industry--particularly  manufacturers--to be competitive in a global economy.   So the choice in front of us is whether we want the United States to  have a leading role in chip fabrication and in R&D and whether we are  going to meet that demand. If you are ready to take that, please help  us get to conference.   It can take 3 to 5 years from when a foundry is built to when  production begins, and every day that we don't move to pass USICA is  just another day that U.S. manufacturers are waiting.   This bill means investment in our future, it means investment in  securing the supply chain, and it means investments that will protect  us from these kinds of price spikes in the future. It is an investment  well worth meeting if Congress will act, and I encourage my colleagues  to do so.   I thank the President, and I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   