 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes and Senator Durbin for up to 15  minutes prior to the scheduled vote.    Madam President, I am happy to come to the floor today  to join my colleague the Senator from Alaska, Mr. Sullivan, as well as  my colleague from Kansas, to talk about where we are with this  administration or where, unfortunately, we aren't when it comes to  prioritizing American-made energy.   As has been noted here on the floor by my colleagues, the President  has just returned from the Middle East. It wasn't for a sightseeing  trip; it was really all about oil. He was talking about oil. Above all,  the President made that trip to ask the leaders of several foreign  nations, members of OPEC, to increase their production levels.   OK, we get it. Gasoline prices are way too high. We know that. We  have hit national records in recent weeks. They are averaging right now  about $5.32 a gallon in my State. That is actually down a little bit  from where we were last month, but it is up over 50 percent from where  we were last year.   As has been said repeatedly, and we don't need to say it here on the  floor of the Senate, people are feeling it in their homes. They are  feeling it in their pocketbooks. Families are. Businesses are. Whether  you are in places like Anchorage or Fairbanks, your budgets are  stretched thinner and thinner and thinner.   It is increasingly difficult for small tourist operations, whether  you are trying to take people out on sightseeing trips in the air or on  the water. Our fishing fleets have to fill up their fishing vessels.  But especially, particularly, our outlying villages--these villages  that are off the road system--that already faced high prices, now the  prices are astronomical.   I met with some leaders from the Northwest Arctic Borough just a few  days ago, and they shared with me that in many of their communities,  the communities were paying about $5.25 on average. But these were  prices that were locked in from last fall when the last fuel barge came  into those northern waters and was able to make its way up the river  systems. Now, with the first spring barge comes literally--literally-- in 1 day going from $5.25 to over $8 a gallon. That is a lock-in price  that they are going to be living with until that next barge.   Think about what that means when you are a community that is locked  into these extraordinarily high prices. When that last fuel barge  comes, you are going to have small villages that are going to be  looking to see how much--not how much do we need to get through the  winter but how much can we afford? They don't have much of a tax base.  How much can we afford?   My theory is that they are only going to be able to buy as much as  they can, and it is not going to be enough to get them through the  winter. So halfway through the winter, in the darkest and coldest, when  everything is locked in the ice, they are going to run out of fuel. And  you have to be able to keep the heat on or everything breaks. So how do  you get the fuel? You fly it in. Think about what those costs then  become. So for us in Alaska, this is not only frightening, but it has  the potential to just be catastrophic as we look at no end in sight for  these prices.   I don't begrudge the President for meeting with world leaders. We  expect him to do this. And I think it is a great idea to do what we can  to increase supply to reduce prices. This is kind of the basics of  supply and demand. I have championed this for years. Let's increase our  supply. But the question is where that energy is going to come from.  Where should we focus our time? Where should we focus our efforts? I  think it just has to begin at home. It has to be here.   But apparently this administration has decided they are going to go  elsewhere. They are going to seek oil from the Middle East. They are  sending envoys to Venezuela. They are pushing for a weakened Iran deal,  signaling that oil from the two worst regimes in the world could  somehow come back online? This makes zero sense to me. It just makes no  sense. Why would we do this? Why would we go abroad when we have the  resources here? Why choose oil produced at low environmental standards,  like my friend from Kansas just said? You are going to countries that  have lower environmental standards and track records when it comes to  human rights abuses, and we are just going to turn our eye to it? We  are just going to close our eyes and say that is OK now? No, it is not  OK.   Why? Why do we give fist bumps to leaders while sucker-punching the  producers, the refiners, and the gas station owners in our own domestic  industry? Unfortunately, that is what we are seeing. We are seeing that  happen in my State. We have billions of barrels of oil in our Federal  areas. We have a world-class pipeline that is one-quarter full and a  general refusal from the administration to help us do much of anything  about it.   We can talk about the 1002 area, the largest untapped conventional  oilfield in North America, is what is projected, but you are not seeing  this administration pushing forward with that even though we mandated-- even though Congress mandated this in 2017. Not a chance. They are not  moving forward with that. They have halted all development--illegally,  I might add.   But also take the 5-year plan, the proposed 5-year plan. It is long  overdue. Now we are learning that the administration may not hold a  single offshore lease through 2028. They are proposing a single sale in  Cook Inlet in Alaska after canceling the one that was just supposed to  have been held, suggesting that they are OK, they are somehow OK with  crimping the only source of natural gas for hundreds of thousands of  Alaskans.   Again, this direction just makes no sense to me. We need a course  correction from the Biden administration. Even as we are moving forward  in so many other initiatives, we need to have a strategic plan that  assures that our own energy security--our own energy security--is  addressed and also helping to improve the energy security of our  allies.   I believe that we can do this without taking our eye off the ball of  what we need to do to reduce emissions to address the challenges that  face us when it comes to climate. But we have to acknowledge that the  world has changed. There is still, though, no substitute or equal for  American energy. So what we need is for common sense to prevail over  wishful thinking. We need resource development here at home in places  like Alaska and Kansas. They need to be our first and our highest  priority. The longer it takes for that to happen, the greater the price  that Alaskans will be paying and all Americans will be paying.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  privileges of the floor be granted to my second-session summer interns  for the month of July through August 5; that is, Jonathon Ford, Matthew  Agron, Isabella Kershaw, Jocelyn Cannon, Devin Moorehead, Nicole Makar,  Matthew Park, and Harold Monroe.   