 Madam President, I am not sure where to start, having  just heard my colleague from Florida. I just have to say that who he is  describing I don't recognize, either, because I don't recognize that at  all of anyone who is here.   I just want to start by thanking my Democratic colleagues, first of  all, for voting for the American Recovery Act that, among many other  things, is helping to focus on ways to bring down the cost of food and  our food supply chain, to help fix it, and a number of other issues  that unfortunately not one colleague on the Republican side voted for-- not one.   So we have heard a lot today about how we should be focusing on the  needs of the American people. I think there would be a collective  ``amen'' from our side about that. We would love to have our colleagues  join us, frankly, in that effort. But nothing is more fundamental to  our democracy than preserving our freedom to vote as Americans, and  that is really what the debate and the votes are all about today.    We know there are people willing to use violence to stop accurate,  legal certifications of our national Presidential election. How do we  know this? Because we were here. We were here a year ago on January 6  and witnessed the violence and the death and the destruction.   We also know there is a coordinated Republican effort across the  country to limit the freedom to vote and make it easier to intimidate  and remove election officials who won't do their bidding. And how do I  know this? Because it is happening in Michigan as I speak.   Today's vote on the legislation in front of us is the fundamental act  we must do to stop this destructive, partisan movement, and we also  know that in order to make this happen, we have to return the Senate to  its original principle--the original principle of majority vote.   Our Nation's Founders had a lot of opinions about the type of country  we should be and the type of government we should have. At times, the  discussions got heated--and not just because it was summer in  Philadelphia, Senator Casey. They were actually wearing wool at the  time, so it got heated in a number of different ways. However, there  was one thing they agreed on: Government should be run by the will of  the majority--not a minority, not a King. They agreed on this because  they saw what happened when a nation is held captive to the views of  the minority.   The very first Constitution of the United States, the Articles of  Confederation, was, frankly, a dysfunctional mess. That is why they  gathered in Philadelphia to try again and to get it right this time,  and getting it right meant majority rule.   James Madison said that majority rule is fundamental to our  democracy. Thomas Jefferson said that ``the will of the majority is in  all cases to prevail.'' In Federalist 22, Alexander Hamilton wrote a  lengthy description of the problems that arise when a minority can  override the will of the majority.   The Founders didn't have an opinion on the Senate filibuster because  it didn't exist. It didn't exist. However, over time, Senators figured  out they could slow down legislation through unlimited debate.   We know that, at first, the filibuster was rarely used--mainly by  southern Senators who wanted to block civil rights legislation. Yet,  over time, it has evolved from a procedural tool into a weapon, and we  all know this. This weapon is increasingly used to stop our Nation from  making progress on issues that are so important to the American people  and so important to our families and crucial to the future of our  country.   We are here today because the most basic freedom in our democracy is  the freedom to vote, and across the Nation, Republicans are pushing  legislation to take that away, including in Michigan.   In 2020, Michigan voters clearly and resoundingly chose Joe Biden to  be our President and Kamala Harris to be our Vice President in the  largest voter turnout in our Nation's history. They won by more than  150,000 votes, and that is 14 times more than Donald Trump's margin was  in 2016.   Now, I very much appreciate my friend Senator Thune saying he  accepted his first loss to the Senate. None of us like to lose. It is  not fun. President Trump should have done the same thing, but instead,  Donald Trump's campaign and his allies filed eight lawsuits in  Michigan. They lost every single one of them. In the only case that was  appealed to the Michigan Supreme Court, the court declined to hear the  case despite having a majority of Republican justices.   The people of Michigan voted. Michigan Republican and Democratic  counties verified the vote, and our State, on a bipartisan vote,  certified it. There is no evidence of fraud that would suggest we need  legislation to now restrict our voting.   So why are Michigan Republicans trying to make it harder to vote with  39 different bills they have introduced? Well, they just don't like who  Michiganders voted for. Think about it. Because they didn't like the  result,  [[Page S311]]  Michigan Republicans decided to target Michigan voters as part of a  coordinated, nationwide assault on this fundamental right that my  friend, the late Congressman John Lewis, called precious, almost  sacred.   That is why we must pass the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act  today. I know that some folks think any legislation we pass to protect  the freedom to vote must be bipartisan to be legitimate. But when it is  time to vote, we are told not 1 Republican will join all 50 Democrats-- 50 Democrats--in voting for the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act;  therefore, they say, the bill shouldn't pass. Yet the attacks on  democracy in Michigan and the other States are strictly partisan.   In Michigan, Republicans are even using a loophole in our  constitution to go around the Governor's veto and take away people's  freedom to vote without the capacity to veto the legislation. They are  doing it by a simple majority, and they are doing it with not one  Democratic vote--not one--in Michigan. But they are still doing it.   Republicans are making it harder for people to vote using a simple  majority. Yet we are told that protecting people's freedom to vote  needs a supermajority to do it. That makes no sense. And--wait--I think  I hear Hamilton, Jefferson, and Madison rolling over in their graves.   Today, we each will choose to protect every American's freedom to  vote or allow those supporting the Big Lie to limit people's freedoms  and undermine our democracy. Today, we will choose to stand with our  Founders and our Constitution as written or maintain Senate procedures  that are seriously broken.   It is time to restore the Senate to majority rule, as it was intended  by the Founders, so we can protect--protect--the American people's  right to vote.   I yield the floor.   