 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I returned to the United States Sunday  night after leading a bipartisan Senate delegation visit to Poland and  Germany. Ten Senators--Republicans and Democrats--traveled together to  demonstrate America's unwavering support for the freedom-loving people  of Ukraine and affirm the strength of the world's most powerful  alliance.   I will never forget an engagement with Ukrainian civil society  leaders. This group of passionate, strong women demonstrated Ukraine's  spirit and their will to fight. They delivered a very clear message to  the United States. They said that Ukraine can win, but they need more  lethal aid delivered now.   Our bipartisan delegation departed with the conviction that the  United States, Ukraine, and the free world have the will and the means  to stop Vladimir Putin's tyranny. I am here on the Senate floor today  to state my belief that Ukraine will beat back Vladimir Putin's bloody  invasion. They will throw the Russian army out of their country, and  they will declare victory over this lawless criminal incursion.   Folks, Ukraine can win this war. When the shooting is over, the  Russian military will be broken, and the Russian economy will  collapse--consequences brought about by Putin's chosen isolation and  rejection of the free world. He and his cronies, their futures are not  bright either. Putin's propaganda media machine will break down. He  will be marked by the international community as a war criminal and, I  predict, will be held accountable by his own people. His best days are  behind him. Freedom will win.   Most of us thought these outcomes were improbable just a few weeks  ago. The President's policymakers circulated intelligence assessments  in the first days of the invasion which concluded unequivocally that  Ukraine didn't stand a chance. They predicted Putin would topple Kyiv  within 3 to 5 days. Tomorrow marks 1 month since the start of the war.  The Russian military is disorganized and demoralized.  [[Page S1728]]  Four separate divisions are all competing for logistics resupply.   Putin knows he is losing, and he is panicking. He jailed his deputy  chief of intelligence, and his military is burning the bodies of their  Russian casualties. Russia's manpower and ammunition are tapping out  while, on the other side, Ukraine's forces are hanging tough.   The weapons the United States and our allies and partners provided  are being deployed with lethal proficiency. The frontlines have been  frozen for over a week, and Russian casualties are greater than 1,000 a  day.   Ukrainians are intercepting unclassified calls and eliminating  Russian field commanders. Most crucially, the Ukrainian people are  ready to fight to the last man. The Russian army is a force of teenaged  conscripts, subjects of an authoritarian war criminal whose delusions  of grandeur about the old Soviet Union drove this invasion. The  Ukrainian army is made up of free citizens who chose freedom over  Russian tyranny. Putin's invasion doesn't change Ukraine's choice, and  they will not go quietly.   Given all of this, has the United States shifted its strategy? Do we  believe we can help make a Ukrainian victory a near certainty? We all  know why we must come to Ukraine's aid. This body's memory is not that  short. The United States is an agreement-bound partner with Ukraine. We  entered into an agreement. We are their partners.    In 1994, Ukraine dismantled and surrendered its nuclear armament  entirely in exchange for our security guarantee--the protection of the  world's greatest superpower. Our agreement resulted in a prosperous  Ukraine and made the world a much, much safer place.   Before Vladimir Putin attempted to snuff it out for good 3 weeks ago,  the American people and the world benefited from the breadbasket of  Europe's vital agricultural sector and energy production. Ukraine has  been an invaluable economic and security partner for nearly 30 years.   Putin is not only testing that agreement today in the streets of  Kyiv, Mariupol, and Kharkiv, he wants to break freedom's momentum all  around the globe. Folks, we can't allow that to happen. We must not.   If it has not been made clear enough already, an unshakeable  commitment to allies and partners keeps Americans prosperous and our  families safe. Authoritarians--whether it is the Taliban, Vladimir  Putin, Xi Jinping, the terrorists who rule Iran--they cannot dictate  terms to our security and our economy. We still are the world's  superpower 28 years after we made a security agreement with Ukraine.  America cannot be pushed around.   We also know how we can come to Ukraine's aid. Congress just passed  $14 billion of support for Ukraine, which included nearly $2 billion of  lethal weaponry. That aid--those weapons and that logistical support-- must flow right now. I fought for a provision in the aid package that  allows the President to draw down on pre-positioned military equipment,  and I will be ensuring he follows through and gets these weapons into  Ukrainian hands. There is no excuse for American inaction.   The Commander in Chief now has the authority to transfer pre- positioned weapons and logistical support, including as many as 40  Soviet-style helicopters purchased for Afghan security forces, to the  Ukrainians. America's commitment to Ukraine and our NATO allies demands  we expedite the delivery of weapons and capabilities to Ukraine. Any  delay due to the fears of escalation is reflective of a doctrine of  appeasement that will only further embolden our adversaries.   Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby said recently that success for  the U.S. mission in Ukraine is, at the end of the conflict, a free and  independent, sovereign Ukraine.   Folks, I wholeheartedly agree with this sentiment, but if that is our  mission, America has to provide more support to enable Ukraine to win  this war. We cannot hold back. The U.S. mission in Ukraine must go  beyond ensuring the country merely has the means to defeat itself-- defend itself against Russian aggression, defeat the Russians. Now is  not the time to be risk-averse.   This administration did little to deter Putin's march on Kyiv, an  invasion set in motion as early as April 2021. President Biden lifted  sanctions on Nord Stream 2, framed the United States-Russia  relationship as stable and predictable as late as June of last year,  and canceled European Command military exercises calling them ``too  provocative.''   Public opinion, Congress, and even European nations have hammered,  begged, dragged, and pushed the Biden administration to action. From  economic sanctions to the Russian oil ban, the administration has led  from behind and from a position of weakness.   Take the Polish MiG debacle; three Sundays ago, Secretary Blinken  gave Poland a green light to transfer MiG fighter jets to Ukraine. The  following Tuesday, the White House did a flip and rejected the transfer  of planes out of fear Putin would see the move as escalatory. Forty-one  Republicans joined my letter voicing displeasure to the President for  his failure to act. Letting an adversary define your military's rules  of engagement, letting the aggressor dictate the boundaries of our  response is not just a folly, it is suicidal.   The administration crossed their fingers and hoped Putin would play  nice. Well, folks, we know Putin. He didn't play nice, and deterrence  failed. But the failure of this administration's doctrine of  appeasement doesn't mean Ukraine will lose the war.    I commend actions taken to shore up the NATO alliance following the  invasion, but our Commander in Chief must now lead and give Ukraine the  means to win. If he is to continue being the most powerful man in the  free world, he must act as such.   Delaying the loss of Ukraine to Vladimir Putin is not a strategy.  Success is not a Russian-occupied Ukraine. Success is not a protracted  insurgency. Success is a free, independent, and sovereign Ukraine.  Defending freedom in Ukraine is defending freedom everywhere.  Authoritarianism cannot prevail in this conflict.   I yield the floor.   