 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that the rule can be amended to consider H.R. 6858, the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act offered by my colleagues, Ranking Member  McMorris Rodgers and Ranking Member Westerman.   The Biden administration has taken seemingly every step possible  since taking office to cripple the energy dominance agenda of the Trump  administration that saw America become an energy-independent Nation for  the first time in decades.   In New Mexico, the Biden administration has yet to hold a lease sale  since taking office, which is a direct violation of Federal law. By not  holding a lease sale, the Biden administration is robbing the citizens  of New Mexico of revenues that could be used to improve vital services  like our public education system.   By artificially reducing our energy production, we are only  increasing Russia's power in the world. Since the beginning of 2020,  imports of Russian oil into the U.S. have increased by nearly 300,000  barrels a day. This is a direct result of the Biden administration  flipping the switch and taking disastrous executive actions that  prevent energy development here at home. Our increased dependency on  foreign sources of energy is causing energy prices for our constituents  to skyrocket. Gas prices are up over 50 percent, which is hitting our  constituents hard every time they go to the pump and every time they  buy groceries or heat their homes.   If we get back to producing energy at the capacity that we are  capable of, our energy supply will be secure, gas prices will fall, and  economic outlook will vastly improve. Advancing innovation and  increasing U.S. production is the only effective way to achieve  American prosperity and reduce global reliance on Russia.   By accepting the status quo of being an energy-dependent Nation, my  Democratic colleagues are willfully weakening both our national and  economic security.   H.R. 6858 will change the course of American energy policy and bring  back the era of American energy dominance. I urge my colleagues to  oppose the previous question and support the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act.   