 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez and  our ranking member for all the work they are doing on the House  Committee on Small Business.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to stand up for the small business  owners in their community and vote for my bill to support the Women's  Business Centers.   Women are the engine of our economy. Women-owned businesses employ  9.4 million people nationwide, contributing $1.2 trillion to our  economy each year. When we invest in the success of women, we are  giving our entire economy a boost.   Women's Business Centers are an effective resource that reach more  than 88,000 entrepreneurs each year through training, mentorship, and  counseling. In 2020 alone, the WBC program increased its outreach by 22  percent and helped start and sustain more than 30,000 small businesses.   To put it clearly, during the pandemic, they increased their  outreach. That is a solid record of success made even more impressive  by the commitment to stepping up when they were needed the most.   I have visited with the local Kansas City Women's Business Center in  Overland Park. They serve the Kansas City metro area and the entire  State of Kansas. I have also spoken with women who have used their  services, folks like Lenora, who started Technology Group Solutions 15  years ago with the help of the Kansas City Women's Business Center. She  now oversees more than 80 employees in three States.   She told me that she hears from women who don't have the network or  access to capital that they need to get their businesses off the  ground. She sends them to the WBC because when Lenora first started her  business, the center helped fill those gaps, paving the way for her to  grow what is now a multimillion-dollar company.   Other women I have spoken with specifically cite the WBC's evening  and weekend hours and that they offer childcare during training  sessions. It is those tailored services that have made these centers  such a crucial contributor to the success of so many businessowners.   My bill, which we are voting on today, will enhance the WBC program  to ensure that women entrepreneurs all across the country have access  to counseling and training services. I have seen it in action, and it  is why I introduced and strongly support this bipartisan piece of  legislation.   It would raise the cap on grants for the first time since the program  began and create an accreditation system to help establish standards of  excellence, ensuring that our funds are being spent wisely to help  growing entrepreneurs.   The Kansas City Women's Business Center served more than 800 clients  last year. How many more businesses could they grow? How many more  aspiring entrepreneurs could they reach with more resources?   I am proud to have introduced this important piece of legislation  alongside Congresswoman Tenney, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   