 Madam Speaker, I would reiterate Mr. Raskin's point that  certainly the voters in Pennsylvania that I have heard from care deeply  about whether or not their votes are counted.   Madam Speaker, the Presidential Election Reform Act will reinforce  one of the defining American characteristics of our American experiment  in democracy: the peaceful transition of Presidential power.   It is critical to that experiment that Americans have faith that our  leaders will honor the will of the people when they vote. The process  of counting and transmitting votes is a question of procedure and  should not be treated as an opportunity to manipulate the outcome of a  free and fair election as it was in the wake of the 2020 election.   I am heartened that the legislation under consideration today is a  bipartisan bill. I don't care if you are a Democrat, a Republican, a  conservative, a liberal, an Independent. If you love this country and  believe in a government by the people, for the people, and of the  people, we all have an obligation to confront the dangers posed by  antidemocratic agents who try to undermine our elections, abandoning  the rule of law and the peaceful transfer of power for their own  personal or political gain.   I regret that we must bring this bill to strengthen the guardrails of  our democracy after the subversive actions of the disgraced former  President and his supporters threatened to derail our government  entirely.   But we must confront those continuing threats to our electoral  system, in Pennsylvania and across the Nation, where bad actors  continue to promote lies about election security. To be clear, there  was never justification for the efforts to overturn the 2020 election.  But bad actors lied about the election results and willfully  misinterpreted the law, and Members of the former President's party,  whether explicitly or by their silence, continue to support these lies  and baseless legal challenges.   These tactics demand the bipartisan set of reforms we are considering  today to insulate our democracy from demagoguery.   I look forward to working with my colleagues of all political stripes  to strengthen the guardrails of our democracy and to support and defend  the Constitution.   