 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today on behalf of  9 million Americans who directly benefited from very important health  insurance credits in the American Rescue Plan--credits that are set to  expire at the end of the year if Congress doesn't act. I don't believe  enough attention has been focused on this issue.   Last year, in March of 2021, we came to this very Chamber and passed  the American Rescue Plan, which provided a crucial lifeline for so many  families. We eliminated health insurance premiums for low-wage workers  making less than 150 percent of the Federal poverty level, expanded  eligibility for health insurance tax credits to middle-class families,  and guaranteed that health coverage would not cost more than 8.5  percent of a person's income. The American Rescue Plan also increased  the size of the tax credit for all eligible income brackets, putting  more money in workers' pockets.   As a result, ACA health insurance premiums were brought down by an  average of $50 per person per month, and people in both New Mexico and  in Minnesota took great advantage of that. As a result, a record number  of Americans--14.5 million Americans--are enrolled in the Affordable  Care Act health insurance plans. That is 2.5 million more people who  signed up in a  [[Page S2847]]  single year than ever before. In my home State, that translated to a  record-low uninsured rate of just 4 percent. That means 96 percent of  Minnesotans have health insurance, which is a great improvement over  where it was.   Millions more Minnesotans and Americans now have the peace of mind  that comes with affordable, quality health coverage. Eligible  households in Minnesota have an annual average ACA tax credit of  $3,600. That is $3,600 freed up for housing, gas, and groceries, while  maintaining access to healthcare. But unless Congress acts to make the  enhanced, family-friendly tax credits currently set to expire at the  end of 2022 permanent, millions of Americans will have the rug pulled  out from under them, likely seeing a double-digit hike on their health  insurance premiums. Karen Tumulty, a columnist for the Washington Post,  called it a ``ticking time bomb.''   If these tax credits are not made permanent, 70,000 Minnesotans--or  61 percent of Minnesota families--purchasing health insurance on their  own could see a 35- to 41-percent increase in their health insurance  premiums, and over 10,000 Minnesotans could lose their health insurance  tax credits in 2023 unless Congress acts.   In my State, Americans between the ages of 55 and 64 would be most  affected, and you think about this with cost issues and inflation and  all the things people are already facing. Right now, a 60-year-old  Minnesota couple with a household income of $75,000 is saving $773 in  monthly premiums. Taking away those tax credits would increase their  annual health spending by at least $9,000. That is like taking away  multiple paychecks.   It is no wonder that Americans overwhelmingly support making these  tax credits permanent. Doctors and patients have called on us to  protect these historic gains in affordability, coverage, and equity.  Families can't afford to go back to paying upwards of 20 percent or  more of their monthly income toward healthcare premiums.   This is important for patients, and it is also important for  providers. We know--hearing when we are back home--that many hospitals  are stretched thin right now, and putting millions of Americans'  healthcare in jeopardy is going to create a lot of volatility as  patients are forced to disrupt their care and cancel procedures.   At a time when so many families are struggling to make ends meet, we  just can't sit back and let those ACA tax credits expire. More  Americans insured is good for patients, good for families, good for  communities, and good for our country.   I would note one other thing I would do when it comes to healthcare,  and that is making sure that we allow Medicare to negotiate prices  under Medicare Part D for pharmaceuticals. While our communities are  facing the potential of this--what the Washington Post called a  ``ticking time bomb''--we also must act when it comes to  pharmaceuticals because those prices are also going up.   I have just presented two really straightforward ways that we can  help families with costs when it comes to healthcare. One is making  sure we keep in place the tax credits that protect middle-class  families in this country, and the second is to make sure we allow  Medicare to negotiate better prices under Medicare Part D because when  you look at what is happening right now, we continue to see major  drugs--major drugs--go up, doubling, go up 200 percent, 300 percent, to  the point where we are already paying double what they pay in Canada  for a significant number of drugs. For Minnesota, that is right across  the border.   We must allow, in my mind, reimportation of less expensive drugs, but  the biggest game changer would be to lift the ban that the  pharmaceutical companies got in place in law that says Medicare,  representing tens of millions of seniors, is not allowed to negotiate  cheaper prices. That is what the VA does, and it has been really good  for our veterans. We should allow the same help for 46 million seniors.  It will be good for all Americans because it will bring down the  taxpayer expense in part of the payment of drugs, and it will be good  for individual consumers. So let's get these two things done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   