 Mr. President, for years, solar power has been a growing  source of clean, low-cost energy and economic development in my State  of Nevada, in States across our Nation, and surely in States like the  Presiding Officer's, in California, but Nevada currently has the  largest solar economy in the country, with the most solar jobs per  capita--per capita--of any State.   Supporting solar energy creates American jobs, and these jobs are  helping us to transition to clean, renewable energy. Our domestic solar  industry is made up of more than 10,000 businesses, large and small,  located in every single State, employing over 250,000 American workers.  But, at this moment, the American solar industry is at risk. All of the  progress we have made to transition to clean energy and dramatically  lower energy costs for American families is at risk. Hundreds of  thousands of good-paying solar jobs are at risk because of a Department  of Commerce investigation into imported solar panels.   Our domestic solar industry's success depends on a steady supply of  solar panels to install. If we don't have the panels to install, we do  not have--we just don't have--a domestic solar industry. Unfortunately,  solar panel manufacturers in the United States can only meet the needs  of 15 percent--15 percent--of American solar projects. That leaves 85  percent of solar projects without any access to solar panels, and this  requires--requires--importing solar panels.    And let me make something very clear. I 100 percent support ramping  up domestic solar manufacturing so that someday all of our solar panels  and cells can be made in the United States, and I have introduced a  bipartisan bill with Senator Jerry Moran to do just that. However,  today, we simply do not have the capacity or the capability to  manufacture enough panels to meet demand or to support the hundreds of  thousands of American workers--many in union jobs--whose livelihoods-- well, they depend on access to available, affordable solar panels.   Utilities across the country, and especially in the southwestern  States, are shifting to renewable solar energy. They have already hired  workers and in many cases have made multimillion-dollar investments to  do so. These are good-paying jobs, which often require special  expertise to install and maintain our solar installations.   But since the administration's investigation was launched, there have  been widespread reports of project cancellations and layoffs. It has  thrown the entire solar industry into uncertainty, and it is  threatening jobs. It is setting us back on our clean energy goals, and  it is just sending--well, sending the wrong message to our communities  as they plan for their infrastructure investments.   One industry report states that as a result of the solar freeze, over  80 percent of American solar companies--I want to repeat that--over 80  percent of American solar companies are facing cancellations; they are  facing delays on all the materials that they need. Projects are on  pause, companies are facing closure, and American jobs--people's  livelihoods--they are in jeopardy.   Earlier this month, the State of Indiana announced that, due to the  investigation, it will not be able to complete its solar projects on  time and will have to keep its coal-powered plant opened several years  longer than initially planned. They won't be able to complete their  solar panels in time.   And in my State of Nevada, NV Energy, the State's largest power  company, has said that this investigation is causing massive  disruptions to multiple Nevada solar projects that would provide low- cost--low-cost--power to more than 114,000 homes. This is hurting  President Biden's own clean energy goals. It is reversing our progress  toward clean, renewable energy.   I have highlighted all this in bipartisan letters that I have led to  the Department of Commerce and to the White House signed by nearly a  quarter of the Senate, including many of the colleagues you are going  to hear from today.   If the Department of Commerce continues down the path we are on and  enacts additional and retroactive solar tariffs, more than 100,000  American jobs could be lost. Hard-working families across this country  will feel the pain of this decision that will cause energy costs--they  are going to cause energy costs to go up.   Americans are already getting squeezed at the gas pump, facing  historic inflation, and paying more for groceries. We cannot allow home  energy costs to increase as well.   The administration--they can prevent this outcome and quell the panic  in the solar industry by swiftly bringing the Department of Commerce's  misguided investigation to an end.   I understand and respect the Department of Commerce's need to be  thorough in investigating any claims of unfair trade practices, but as  I have been pointing out, this petition is built upon a house of cards.  The petition for the investigation was brought by one--one single solar  company relying on data from researchers who say the company's claims  are wrong and that the claims and the complaint do not accurately  reflect their research.   We cannot let this one single company use data in a misleading way to  destroy hundreds of thousands of American jobs. We must support and  build our U.S. solar manufacturing, and I stand ready to work with all  my colleagues to make that possible. But there are supply needs that  need to be met right now, and we cannot simply build our domestic solar  manufacturing overnight. This is not an either-or situation. We need to  do both. American jobs are on the line. We need a resolution.   So I call on the Department of Commerce and the White House again to  use every resource at their disposal to expedite this process and get  American solar--well, let's get us back on track.   President Biden, we need action today; not next week, not next month,  or later this summer. Hundreds of thousands of American solar workers,  their families, our communities, they are counting on you.  [[Page S2642]]    Today, we will hear from several of my colleagues on this critically  important issue, and I look forward to hearing from them about how we  can continue to work together to save American jobs and protect our  climate future.   I yield the floor.   