 Mr. Speaker, I thank all of the cosponsors of the  legislation. Particularly, I want to mention Robin Kelly, who is not  able to be here today. I know she wanted to be able to speak to this  legislation.   But it was brought to our Consumer Protection and Commerce  Subcommittee by a really brave mom, and that is Trista Hamsmith, a  woman who lost her 18-month-old daughter, Reese, tragically after she  ingested a tiny button cell battery.   And I am just so proud of not only the subcommittee, but the full  committee that unanimously has passed this and brought it now to the  floor.   But we give a special thanks to Trista Hamsmith, mom of Reese.   So, as the chairman mentioned, these batteries are found in many  household devices and even toys that are used by children. And it is  estimated that once every 3 minutes, a child is treated in an emergency  room having swallowed one of these small batteries.   These deaths and injuries that continue are absolutely not necessary  because voluntary standards for their packaging and to protect children  are just not present.   And so, Reese's Law would require that the Consumer Product Safety  Commission draft mandatory standards for these button cell or coin  batteries. And these standards will ensure that the batteries'  packaging would have information about what is dangerous; and that they  would be child-resistant and would have warning labels on the packages  and instructions for parents to protect their children.   More times than not, I want to just say that in our subcommittee we  learn from parents about the hazards that their children face. And I am  just so proud that, with the help of Gus Bilirakis, the ranking member  of the subcommittee, the help of both the chairman and the ranking  member of the full committee, and our full committee, we are able to  address these hazards.   And the fact that Trista was able to bring Reese's story to us and  tell it--you know, sometimes I think that our subcommittee is--you  know, we have to pass out tissues because of the stories that we hear  from these parents--and turn their tragedy into power and are able to  make the difference.   So I just want to thank my friends and colleagues, and I look forward  to passing this legislation.   