 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1518, I call  up the bill (H.R. 1437) to amend the Weather Research and Forecasting  Innovation Act of 2017 to direct the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration to provide comprehensive and regularly updated Federal  precipitation information, and for other purposes, with the Senate  amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1437.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Further Continuing  Appropriations and Extensions Act, which extends funding for critical  Federal programs and services through December 23.  [[Page H9814]]    While I would have preferred to come before the House today to pass a  final 2023 government funding package, I am encouraged that we have  come to an agreement on a framework that provides a path forward to  enact an omnibus next week.   The legislation before us today is a simple date change that keeps  the government up and running as we negotiate the details of final  spending bills and complete the work of funding the government programs  that meet the needs of hardworking Americans.   All of us in this room know well that final funding bills are the  best way to guarantee the necessary resources for the government  programs and policies that make the biggest impact on our constituents.  We will soon bring to the floor an omnibus that continues to make  important investments, because we know the impact of a government that  looks out for the middle class, working families, and for small  businesses.   The final funding bills we will bring to a vote will include  investments that will help hardworking Americans, rebuild our  infrastructure, keep our Nation competitive, strengthen our supply  chain, and help small businesses access the capital they need, the keys  to our economic future.   The final omnibus agreement will help keep our Nation and our  communities safe with the certainty that we all deserve. I can say with  certainty this package will include community project funding that  responds directly to some of the most pressing needs in communities all  over America and that so many of my colleagues have worked tirelessly  to deliver to their constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.    Mr. Speaker, I would like for just a moment to set the record  straight. There was an offer made to my Republican colleagues on where  we should go with an omnibus in June; another was in October. We were  told at the time that they couldn't move to do anything until after the  elections. We were then told that they had to then wait for their  leadership elections to occur before they could actually engage. Then  we were told we had to wait until after a Georgia election in order to  engage.   Speaking of enough is enough. I would also just say they were invited  to the table many, many times to join the negotiations; they decided  not to do that. So we find ourselves here today when we have to meet  the deadline in order to keep the government open.   What we do need, Mr. Speaker, is this bill to continue negotiating  final 2023 funding bills.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 123), providing  for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1437, and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   