 Madam President, I urge my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle to allow these highly qualified Federal law enforcement  nominations to move forward.   In my State of Nevada, the position of U.S. attorney has been  unfilled for nearly a year.   This position, well, it plays a vital role in maintaining the rule of  law and making sure that justice is carried out in our State. The  continued obstruction of these critical nominees impacts the public  safety of Nevadans and impacts their ability to see justice served.   They have a highly qualified nominee to serve as U.S. attorney, Jason  Frierson. He is a graduate of the University of Nevada, Reno, and the  Boyd Law School of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. He is a former  Nevada Supreme Court clerk. And he served in the district attorney's  office as a public defender and as a deputy attorney general for our  great State.   In addition, Mr. Frierson has a long track record of fighting for  hard-working Nevadans as speaker of the Nevada Assembly. I know he will  lead in his role with integrity--integrity and a deep commitment to  upholding the law as a top Federal prosecutor for our State.   There is absolutely no basis to delay his nomination and the  nominations of other U.S. attorneys and marshals around the country.  Holding up these qualified nominees does not help Americans. It only  leaves them unprotected.   We must rise above partisan politics and do our duty to allow these  key roles to be filled. For all of the people, for my State of Nevada,  I urge my colleagues to allow the nomination of Jason Frierson and the  other nominees in this block to finally move forward.    Senator, I will reiterate what my colleague from Minnesota  said. I do not serve on the Judiciary Committee, and I do not serve in  the Department of Justice. Therefore, I am not privy to the information  that has been provided in privacy to the Department of Justice.  [[Page S745]]    Those marshals, if they would like to divulge their information, they  are free to do so as U.S. citizens. But there are privacy agreements  with attorney-client privilege that is clearly not being able to be  pursued in this fashion. So my opinion does not matter. What matters is  the law. I do not serve in the Department of Justice; therefore I  cannot answer your question.   