 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of our bill, the  Willie O'Ree Congressional Gold Medal Act, legislation which honors the  historic career and life of service of the one and only Willie O'Ree.   With today's vote in the people's House, we honor a giant, and it has  been an honor to be a steward in this effort. Willie is a trailblazer,  an ice breaker, a hero, and an activist whose powerful story is unknown  to too many. That ends here today. We change that.   Mr. Speaker, 64 years ago, in the midst of the fight to end Jim Crow,  Willie O'Ree made history with the Boston Bruins by becoming the first  Black player to play in the National Hockey League.   A descendant of enslaved people who escaped the horrors of slavery  through the Underground Railroad, Willie was born and raised in New  Brunswick, Canada, and was the youngest of 13 children. His love of the  game began at the young age of 3 when he earned his stripes playing  alongside his older siblings.   Known as the Jackie Robinson of hockey, Willie played 45 games in the  NHL and spent more than two decades playing professional hockey--all  while hiding the fact that he was nearly completely bind in one eye.   Willie O'Ree was a young and fast left winger, but he could not out- skate the racist backlash in response to his desegregating the National  Hockey League. As the sole Black player in the NHL at the time, Willie  endured relentless bigotry, racism, discrimination, and even violence  from fans and players both on and off the ice. And despite it all,  Willie embodied resilience, grace, dignity, and never gave up on the  determination to live out his dream.   In the decades following his historic career on the ice, Willie has  spent his time paying it forward to the next generation of ice  breakers. As the NHL's director of youth development and diversity  ambassador, he has worked to increase opportunities for young Black and  Brown players so that they too can take their rightful place in the big  league.   In 2018, Willie was formally inducted into the NHL Hall of Fame; and  while his time with the Boston Bruins was short, his legacy lives on to  this very day. Earlier this week, Mayor Michelle Wu declared January 18  in the city of Boston Willie O'Ree Day marking the momentous day 64  years ago when Willie hit the ice and changed the game forever.   Just yesterday, the Boston Bruins formally retired Willie's number 22  jersey, raising it up in the rafters at the Garden alongside other  Bruins legends.   Mr. Speaker, Black history is American history, and today we salute  an American hero and inspiration. Willie demonstrates for us the power  of holding on to one's dreams--an ice and ceiling breaker.   I would like to thank my esteemed colleagues, Representatives  Quigley, Katko, and Emmer, for their partnership, and the 290  colleagues who cosponsored this piece of legislation in order to get it  across the finish line. My team and I have been working diligently  pushing and organizing since 2019, and this work would not have been  possible without the support and partnership of the longtime grassroots  activists who organized to ensure that Willie, who took up space and  who created space, now takes his rightful space in our history books.   The Congressional Gold Medal is Congress' highest expression of  national appreciation and recognition. With this honor, Willie will  join history-makers like Jackie Robinson, the Reverend Dr. Martin  Luther King, Jr., and Coretta Scott King, and the Tuskegee Airmen--  incredible company for an incredible man.     Mr. Speaker, at the age of 86 years young today, we  give Willie O'Ree his flowers.   Go Bruins.   