 Madam Speaker, as an adoption attorney for 25 years, I  worked with more than 300 birth mothers making the most personal,  private decisions of their entire lives. They consulted their families,  their loved ones, their doctors, but not one of these birth mothers  looked to the government to make this choice for them.   On January 1 of this year, sweeping abortion restrictions took effect  in my home State of New Hampshire; in fact, the first abortion ban ever  to pass the New Hampshire legislature and to be signed into law by our  Governor, Chris Sununu, making it illegal to terminate a pregnancy  after 24 weeks, with no exceptions; no exceptions for rape, for incest,  or for fatal fetal anomaly; and requiring every person seeking an  abortion to undergo an invasive ultrasound.   This new law places a felony penalty and fine of up to $100,000 for  doctors who violate the law, making New Hampshire a less desirable  place for doctors to work, and for patients to seek care.   Granite State women and families are already feeling the impact of  this harmful, regressive abortion ban.   Earlier this year, a constituent of mine, the daughter of a dear  friend, reached out to tell me her story and how this law is impacting  families like hers across New Hampshire.   Madam Speaker, 38-year-old Lisa, has a beautiful 1-year-old daughter  at home and she is now pregnant with twins. Twenty-one weeks into her  pregnancy, her doctors told her what no parent wants to hear: One of  her twins had no chance of surviving outside the womb, and that twin  was threatening the life of her other healthy twin.   Because of New Hampshire's abortion ban that makes no exceptions for  late-term complications, fetal viability, or even maternal well-being,  Lisa and her husband have had to travel out of state to get a second  opinion on their options.   After traveling four States away for a specialist consultation, they  learned that an abortion had the potential to save the healthy twin's  life, and even the life of the mother. But in the time that it took to  get this second opinion and to weigh her options, Lisa was past the 24- week threshold in New Hampshire, and she will be unable to get this  treatment, even if it becomes medically necessary.  [[Page H3967]]    If Lisa chooses to deliver her healthy twin in New Hampshire, she  runs the risk of losing both babies, and even her own life, as her  doctors would not be allowed to perform an abortion, even to save her  healthy twin's life or her own life.   Lisa and her family are already facing an impossible circumstance,  which is being made even more excruciating by the New Hampshire extreme  abortion ban.   Safe access to reproductive and preventative healthcare, including  abortion, is essential to the health and well-being of women and their  families in New Hampshire and throughout this country. Restrictions on  access to reproductive care ignore the complexities of maternal health  and threaten the life of countless mothers and their children.   New Hampshire's new abortion ban, and those like it across the  country, are harming families, and putting politics above health and  science. This I know: New Hampshire voters believe in less government  interference in people's personal and private lives.   I want to thank Lisa for sharing her story, and for shedding light on  the tragic impact that this abortion ban is having on mothers and  grandmothers and husbands and families like her across the Granite  State and throughout this country.   Madam Speaker, I thank the representative from Texas for this  opportunity.   