 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  bipartisan, bicameral Speak Out Act. I thank Representative Lois  Frankel and the chairman for their leadership.   This bill bans forced nondisclosure agreements in assault and  harassment disputes and preserves the right of survivors to use their  voices.   Women across this country have been told for a long time what  constitutes appropriate behavior, what constitutes sexual harassment,  and what doesn't. Well, let me tell you, it is time to let them speak  up and shine a light on exactly what is happening.   The reality is that estimates are that a third of employees in the  United States are covered by these NDAs.   Last year, we heard stories of exactly this situation in the  Judiciary Committee. Last year, Tatiana Spottiswoode bravely testified  under the protection of a friendly subpoena about the harassment and  abuse that she endured from her boss and former CEO, Zia Chishti.  Previously, Tatiana had been bound by a gag order that silenced her and  prevented accountability for her abuser.   Madam Speaker, after her moving testimony, after bringing light and  being able to talk about the horror that she experienced, Chishti was  finally fired. He was finally held accountable. In fact, the former  British Prime Minister resigned from the company's advisory board after  that happened.   Why should she have been silenced in the first place? Why should she  have been raped or any other woman been raped and bound to silence  because of a nondisclosure agreement that was forced, in many cases, in  order for these women to be able to actually have employment? That is  absolutely wrong.   Why should women be forced to feel alone, feel like somehow this is  their fault, that they are crazy? They should be able to talk about  what has happened and bring light to the situation.   The reality is, Madam Speaker, this is about power. This is about who  holds the power and how it is held.   That is why we need the Speak Out Act to be passed. It is the only  way to make sure that we bring transparency and light to this.    Madam Speaker, for millions of survivors across the  country who deserve to have their voices heard, vote ``yes'' on S.  4524. I thank those people on the other side of the aisle who agree  with us and know that this is the right thing to do.   