 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I rise today as border communities in  Arizona and across our country are in complete crisis. This crisis is  not new. It is one that has progressively worsened year after year,  administration after administration, due to the Federal Government's  repeated failures to address our broken border and immigration system.   As a native Arizonan, I have seen firsthand how these failures fall  squarely on the shoulders of border States, risking the safety of our  communities and endangering the lives of migrants themselves.   Right now, we are experiencing a dangerous tipping point. The  combination of an insecure border, an overworked and underresourced  Border Patrol and protection force, and never-before-seen levels of  illegal immigration, asylum seekers, and coordinated smuggling efforts  have completely ruined an already broken system.   To make matters worse, title 42, the public health order that stops  some migrants from entering our country, may soon expire, allowing  thousands of migrants to enter Arizona, Texas, and other border States  without the proper procedures, plans, or infrastructure in place.   Let me be clear. This is a humanitarian and security nightmare.  Already, our border towns can barely keep up with the demand from the  overwhelming levels of immigration. In San Luis, a small community of  roughly 37,000 people right on the Arizona-Mexico border, the fire  chief recently told us that three of his five ambulances are used  solely to care for migrants in need, leaving only two ambulances for  the entire local community on any given night. The city of Tucson has  already accepted over 15 percent of its total population just in  migrant releases since April of this year. In Yuma, the threat of  street releases persists every single day, including today.   With thousands of migrants coming to our border and seeking asylum,  our overwhelmed Border Patrol agents are now additionally tasked with  processing asylum seekers, taking the agents away from their important  work of patrolling the border, apprehending illegal crossers, and  stopping cartels, drugs, and smugglers. The consequences are plain to  see. The mayor of San Luis even recently reported seeing migrants  traveling along inner-city highways because Border Patrol was too  overwhelmed to apprehend them closer to the border.   While towns like San Luis, humanitarian organizations across our  State, and our brave women and men in blue, green, and brown shoulder  the burden of a failed system, Washington continues to politicize  solutions. Politicians are retreating to their partisan corners instead  of examining the problem for what it is, not what one party or the  other party wishes it was, and focusing on finding meaningful  solutions. Some refuse to acknowledge the need for increased security  measures at all, while others have a singular view of what kind of  security is sufficient. Some want to welcome all who come to the border  into our country, while others want to keep everyone out, and a few  want to defund the very agencies that are tasked with enforcing our  immigration laws or underfund the very humanitarian organizations that  provide vital services and care for the asylum seekers our country has  always pledged to help.   As someone who has seen all the challenges at our border my entire  life, I know these are all false choices. That is why I rejected the  partisan echo chamber and partnered with my good friend Senator Thom  Tillis on a bipartisan proposal to help solve some of the real problems  our border communities and immigration system continue to face. Just as  we have on a number of complex issues--from gun violence to marriage  equality and religious freedom--we focused on our shared values and  shared goals. Before we could tackle the issue of a backlogged asylum  process, employment visas, or the status of undocumented residents, we  knew we had to focus first on securing the border.   A problem as big as our broken border needs a smart, comprehensive  solution, and that solution starts by investing in the brave men and  women who keep our border safe. A robust, well-trained, and well- resourced Border Patrol, Office of Field Operations, and Air and Marine  Operations force are critical to secure the border, to keep our  communities safe, and to ensure the fair and humane treatment of  migrants. Senator Tillis and I focused on boosting pay, increasing  force sizes, and providing our agents and officers the equipment and  the technology they need to do their jobs safely and efficiently.   Beyond supporting our men and women in blue, green, and brown, we are  committed to reasserting control of our border. Senator Tillis and I  understand that to secure our border, we need physical barriers where  they make sense but that relying only on physical barriers is a 17th- century answer to a 21st-century problem. The fact is, the majority of  illegal drugs seized coming into our country arrive through our ports  of entry.   This past October, our Office of Field Operations officers reported a  73-percent increase in fentanyl seizures compared with just 1 year ago.   And just 2 weeks ago, the Office of Field Operations officers at the  Nogales Port of Entry seized over 1.5 million fentanyl pills in less  than 5 days. A wall alone can't stop these drugs from finding a way  into our country and killing our friends, our neighbors, and our loved  ones.   We must supplement security barriers with innovative technology  solutions, we must boost our border protection and patrol forces, and  we must update the policies governing our border to meet the moment.   For years, our asylum system has represented the promise of America-- welcoming those fleeing persecution to find freedom and safety. Today,  though, our asylum system is broken, our Border Patrol isn't able to do  their jobs and catch dangerous criminals, and our border communities  cannot keep up.   In order to uphold the promise of protection and freedom and ensure  that our asylum system works for those who seek to serve, we must  acknowledge that the status quo is no longer functional. Our  immigration courts and asylum officers remain completely backlogged,  with simple cases taking years to resolve, sending a message that  America does not take this process seriously and that our system can be  manipulated.   In Arizona, the impact is clear. Small towns along our border like  San Luis, Nogales, Naco, Yuma, and Ajo are overwhelmed daily,  struggling to care for their own residents while managing an increasing  influx of hundreds of migrants every day.   With our asylum system broken, more migrants make the arduous and  often devastating journey to our border. When they arrive, they risk  not being able to access the care and medical attention they need.   Now, Arizona's humanitarian organizations do incredible work. They go  above and beyond every day to avoid street releases and to ensure that  migrants are treated fairly. But they can only do so much. For example,  the main humanitarian organization in Tucson, Casa Alitas, has been  operating over capacity for over a month,  [[Page S7807]]  serving an average of 600 asylum seekers a day. And Yuma's Regional  Center for Border Health now is contracting hotel rooms and buses due  to the large number of migrants coming to that small city.   With the snowbird season and farming season well underway, hotels are  increasingly limited, placing even more strain on Yuma's already  overwhelmed public health and emergency response system.   So Senator Tillis and I understand we cannot address the border  without also fixing our asylum system. Our bipartisan plan creates an  orderly system for those wishing to claim asylum. By streamlining the  asylum process in a manner that respects American values, we will  quickly and fairly adjudicate claims and remove those who do not have a  valid claim of asylum, sending a message to those in other countries  that our asylum system will no longer be manipulated.   The crisis at our border represents an immediate threat, but those of  us from border States know--and we have seen up close--that strong  border security, healthy cross-border trade, and a fair immigration  system all go hand in hand. We can--and we must--achieve all three.   In 2019, over $2 trillion worth of goods were traded through our  ports of entry, and the Nogales port alone handles over $1 billion of  produce every year. The goods and services traded between Arizona and  Mexico power jobs across our State; and often, immigrant workers are  the very ones fueling our cross-border trade and keeping this sector of  our economy strong.   To ensure that our border States' economies continue to grow and to  ensure our Nation's economy continues to thrive for generations to  come, we need a robust workforce. And that is why our bipartisan  proposal fixes a wasteful loophole in our current employment visa  system. For years, hundreds of thousands of visas have gone to waste.   By righting this wrong, we will increase our country's  competitiveness and make sure America has the workforce it needs to  power our economy and compete on the world stage. I believe the future  resilience of our country also depends on the full inclusion of  millions of young people, often known as Dreamers.   In America, we don't punish children for the actions of their  parents. And millions of young people have been brought to our country  through no fault of their own. These kids have grown up in our  neighborhoods, attended our schools, graduated, gotten jobs; they have  served in our military; they have contributed to our economies--all  while making our communities more vibrant and great places to live.   But now, they are stuck in limbo, casualties of Washington's  inability to solve our broken immigration system. And that is why  Senator Tillis and I have said: Enough is enough. We call on our  colleagues to join us in a bipartisan plan to give these young people a  chance to be recognized as Americans.   Look, our proposal is tough, but it is fair. And I am certain that it  will make America a stronger and safer place for all of us.   I stand here today disappointed, as we come close to closing out the  117th Congress, that Washington has chosen yet again to retreat to its  partisan corners instead of doing the hard and necessary work of  finding the lasting solutions when it comes to the crisis at our  border. And in Arizona, we will continue to shoulder the burden.   Now, part of the problem is that many in Washington have never taken  the time to really see our border up close. And without seeing it for  all of its diversity and its challenges, it can be easy to rely on the  partisan talking points instead of focusing on the meaningful,  realistic solutions.   That is why when we come back to Congress in January, one of the  first things I will do, with Senator Tillis, is convene a bipartisan  group of Senators who are willing and committed to get something done.  We are going to bring them to the border. We are going to see what  Arizonans see every single day, because a crisis this big should not  and cannot be ignored. And in Arizona, we cannot afford for this crisis  to continue much longer.   Over the past 4 years, I have been privileged to work with colleagues  in this body on both sides of the aisle to solve some of our country's  toughest challenges. Through honesty and collaboration, we have shown  America there is so much more that unites us than divides us. We have  shown America what is possible when we listen to one another, not to  respond or debate, but to understand.   There is no challenge more intractable, more difficult to bridge, and  more dire for us to solve than our border and immigration crisis. And I  believe that we can come together and earnestly solve this challenge. I  am willing to do this work. And I couldn't be more grateful for  partners like Senator Tillis, who is also willing to do this work. And  today, I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us.  Put down the politics. Let's get this done.   I yield the floor.   