 Mr. President, for weeks, the United States and the world  have witnessed the horrors that are unfolding in Ukraine, the result of  Russia's unprovoked and unjust attacks on a sovereign nation and its  people. Innocent men, women, and children have lost their lives. Homes  have been destroyed, neighborhoods and businesses obliterated. Families  and communities have been torn apart, some never to be reunited again.   Let's be clear: The blame for this chaos and devastation falls  directly on the shoulders of one tyrant--one tyrant--Vladimir Putin.  And no amount of hollow justifications, false equivocations, false flag  operations, or outright propaganda will change that.   Putin, you are responsible. Putin, you will not prevail. Justice is  coming--coming for you and coming for your cronies.   And as appalling as the stories and videos of Russia's brutality have  been, we have also seen incredible acts of heroism, kindness, and  patriotism from Ukrainian leaders, the military, and, well, everyday  citizens. The people of Ukraine have inspired the entire world with  their resilience, with their courage, and with their determination to  live in a free and democratic country.   This past week, I joined my colleagues in a call with President  Zelenskyy, and I will say now what we said to him then. We are with  you. And the people from Nevada, we are with you too.   From north to south, Nevadans have come together to voice their  support for the Ukrainian people and their opposition to Russia's  aggression and brutality. Nevadans agree that we can't sit idly by as  Putin continues to terrorize--terrorize--the Ukrainian people. The  horrific images that the world has seen, they require action. They  require action. We cannot sit idly by and do nothing.   Here in Congress, we are working to give Ukraine more security  assistance and to hold Putin accountable by crippling Russia's economy.  And I call on every Senator in this body to vote yes on the omnibus  package, which includes nearly $14 billion to aid Ukraine's fight  against Putin's forces and to support the Ukrainian people. This  bipartisan legislation builds on the work that Congress and the  administration have been doing over the past several weeks to confront  Vladimir Putin head-on.   I applaud the Biden administration for so forcefully bringing  together an international coalition of partners, a coalition that  stands behind Ukraine's cause: the cause for freedom. But we must do  more. We must do more to support Ukraine, to devastate Russia's  economy, and to stop Putin's violent attacks.   President Zelenskyy made it clear in our call just this past weekend  that Ukraine urgently needs fighter jets to defend itself. Let's heed  his call and work closely together with our European partners that have  these jets to provide Ukraine with the aircraft they desperately need  and to find ways to compensate or backfill our allies' supplies.   We also must continue to strengthen the security of our NATO allies  and demonstrate that the transatlantic community remains united. And we  must do more to bring Putin's war to an end and make Putin himself feel  the full consequences of his horrible actions. That means hitting  Russia's economy where they will feel it most: energy.   Just this week, I cosponsored bipartisan legislation that would end  all Russian energy imports to the United States. I am glad to see the  Biden administration responded to this call and that the United States  is now ending all Russian energy imports, which are funding Putin's  cruel, cruel, cruel, and unprovoked war. I am heartened to see the  United Kingdom follow suit, and I call on all of our allies to do the  same.   Another area where we can put pressure on Russia is through trade. As  chair of the Commerce subcommittee that oversees trade policy, I  strongly support legislation to strip Russia's most favored nation  status at the World Trade Organization. And I am committed to pursuing  additional actions that would severely weaken Russia's economy and  drain Putin's war fund.   And our efforts are not only about defending Ukraine and stopping  Russia, though stop them we must. This is about defending democracy and  the fundamental right of a nation and its people to choose their own  destiny--the fundamental right of a nation and its people to choose its  own destiny.   America must make it clear that we will not stand idly by when an  autocratic bully decides to invade another nation without provocation  and without justification. The United States and our allies must leave  no stone unturned to ensure that Vladimir Putin pays a steep price for  his aggression against the people of Ukraine.   We--we--must continue to serve as a shield and a beacon for democracy  and freedom for those in need. On behalf of the Battle Born State of  Nevada, I stand with Ukraine and will continue fighting to make sure  the United States stands proud and strong as a beacon of peace and  security.   I yield the floor.   