 Mr. President, today I rise to pay tribute to my  longtime Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee staff director  and dear friend Joe Schultz, who will soon be taking on a new challenge  after more than 15 years of service in the U.S. Senate.   Now, the first thing I have to say about Joe, just to get it out of  the way, is that he is a proud Ohio native and a graduate of the Ohio  State University, which is an immediate challenge for anyone from  Michigan, whether you are a University of Michigan grad or, as I am, a  Michigan State University grad. In fact, his first job in the Senate  was working for my colleague and friend Senator Brown of Ohio.   Senator Brown swears that Joe was 6 feet 2 inches and had hair when  he worked for him, and said it is all about the farm bills that somehow  changed that.   But somehow I convinced Joe to come and work for me on the  Agriculture Committee, in part, by assuring Senator Brown that Joe  would still be working for Ohio because Senator Brown is on the Ag  Committee. And I am so glad and lucky that I was able to do that.   Joe started as our chief economist. He is a great numbers guy, and  nobody loves spreadsheets as much as Joe. Of course, he is so much more  than a numbers guy, though, and we very quickly found that out.   He always knows every part of farm policy, and he is an amazing  people person--someone you definitely want on your team when you go  into a farm bill negotiation, which have been known to be tough.   Joe instinctively knows what people's reactions will be, what they  will need in order to get an agreement, and he has always had his  finger on the pulse of the Agriculture Committee and the community.  That is, in large part, because agricultural is way more than a job for  Joe; it is his life.   He grew up on a farm, a family farm in Ohio. He even convinced his  wife Virginia to have their wedding on the family farm. It was  beautiful, and I was so honored to be in attendance with all their  family and friends and their sheep.   Now, if you have ever talked with Joe, you would probably know that  his family raised sheep on the farm. And, boy, can he tell you some  wild stories.   For years, Joe would have a contest on Facebook during lambing  season. He called it ``Lambageddon.'' His friends would all guess the  number of lambs that would be born over Presidents Day weekend,  typically the busiest lambing weekend of the year. And, of course, he  always took time off to be there. Whoever got closest to the correct  number of lambs got bragging rights and the opportunity to name a lamb.   Given his dedication to the family flock, nobody on the Ag Committee  was at all surprised when Joe and Virginia welcomed two adorable  babies, Will and Izzy, into their own family--twins--a little bit more  than a year ago. After all, sheep typically have twin births, I  understand.   If you have ever worked with Joe, one of the first things you notice  is his wonderful positive attitude. He is quick to smile, quick to  laugh. He always assumes the best of people. He makes everything he is  involved in so much better. That is true whether you are talking about  very contentious farm bill negotiations--and we have had more than a  few since 2011--or field hearings and meetings with stakeholders.   I wonder if he has kept a running total of the number of farms he has  visited in Michigan.   Nobody--and I mean nobody--can talk about crop insurance like Joe. He  knows all the details.   I will never forget, Brandon Fewins, who worked for me for 20 years  as my Northern Michigan regional manager, and is now the USDA Rural  Development Michigan State Director. Brandon told this story about  seeing this firsthand: He remembered a farm bill hearing during which  one attendee asked a very technical question about regulations. Joe  gave a very detailed answer and then said: Hold on. He then consulted  the farm bill legislative text in front of him, found the applicable  section, and repeated word for word what he had just said off the top  of his head.   And then there were the codels. I will never forget the trip to  Africa in 2014 with the women Members of the Senate. I led this first  all-women's codel and members of the Agriculture Committee. We went to  five countries on two continents in 10 days, and many of our stops were  in very rural areas.   The codel focused on food security, global hunger, empowering women  and girls, and agricultural trade.   Having Joe along was such a huge help--help because of his broad  knowledge of agricultural issues. And, I have to say, he is an amazing  travel guide. I know every Senator on the trip would agree with me, and  we are so glad that he was a part of the trip.   One thing I am extremely proud of, and I know Joe is too, is the  strong sense of collegiality he has nurtured with our amazing  Agriculture Committee staff and beyond.   As one former colleague said: Joe is the kind of leader who makes  working long hours under crazy stress tolerable and survivable.  [[Page S3879]]    Even Republicans have wonderful things to say about Joe. That is not  something you see on every Senate Committee.   Joe, I know I speak for all of us, Republicans included, when I say  we will miss you deeply. I am so grateful to have had your leadership  and friendship as we have steered the Agriculture Committee  together. We have an amazing, talented ag staff because of you and your  leadership.    I wish you and Virginia and your two beautiful children much success  and happiness as you move forward to your new adventures. I know you  will be successful, and I look forward to celebrating all the success.   I yield the floor.   