 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Maloney for her  tremendous leadership on so many issues, including reproductive rights,  and for holding a hearing earlier in her committee on abortion and  inviting several of us to testify.   I am very proud to be here as the chair of the Congressional  Progressive Caucus. This is our Special Order hour, and I couldn't be  prouder to be dedicating this Special Order hour to this critical issue  of women's freedom, because that is what we are talking about is  women's freedom.   The leaked draft opinion from the Supreme Court represents an  unprecedented, unlawful, and unjust attack on our constitutional  reproductive rights. Reproductive rights groups and Black and Brown  folks on the front line of this fight have been sounding the alarm for  years that this day would come. The leaked draft opinion is a  culmination of decades of insidious work from the extreme right, who  have rigged the system in their favor.    I speak to you, Madam Speaker, today as one of the one in four women  in America who have had an abortion. For people to understand how I  ultimately decided to have an abortion, I have to start with the birth  of my first child, Janak. Janak was born at 26\1/2\ weeks while I was  on a 2-year fellowship in India. She weighed only 1 pound 14 ounces,  and upon birth she went down to a weight of just 21 ounces. Janak was  so small, she fit into the palm of my hand. She was no bigger than a  medium-sized squash. For 3 months, we did not know if Janak would live  or die. She needed multiple blood transfusions, she had to be fed drop  by drop, and she constantly had her heart stop and restart.   We returned to the United States after 3 months, and in those early,  intensely difficult years, Janak had hydrocephalus, water in her brain.  She had seizures and she returned repeatedly to the emergency room  because of life-threatening pneumonia. The fact that Janak is today a  26-year-old beautiful human being is a true miracle, and the greatest  gift in my life.   At the same time that Janak was born, I was also fighting to keep my  legal permanent resident status, married to a U.S. citizen and with a  U.S. citizen child, and yet without the ability to return with the same  status that I had. In the end, I was able to return to the United  States with Janak, provided that I started from scratch to qualify for  citizenship.   As a new mom taking care of a very sick baby and recovering from  major surgery myself, I was struggling. I experienced severe postpartum  depression and post-traumatic stress disorder that was only diagnosed  after I contemplated suicide and realized that I needed to seek help.  My marriage did not survive. We split custody of Janak, and I was a  part-time single parent.   Shortly after, I met a wonderful man who is my husband today. I knew  I was not ready to have another child, so I religiously took my daily  contraceptive pill. Despite that, I became pregnant. I consulted with  my doctors, who told me that any future pregnancy would likely also be  high risk to me and to my child, similar to what I had gone through  with Janak. I very much wanted to have more children, but I simply  could not imagine going through that again.   After discussions with my partner, who was completely supportive of  whatever choice I made, I decided to have an abortion. Two decades  later, I think about those moments on the table in the doctor's office,  a doctor who was kind and compassionate and skilled, performing  abortions in a State that recognizes a person's constitutional right to  make their choices about their reproductive care.   For me, terminating my pregnancy was not an easy choice, but it was  my choice, and it really shouldn't matter if it is a difficult or hard  choice. That choice, that freedom is what has to be preserved for every  pregnant person, a freedom that cannot be dictated by people in the  minority pushing their extremist agenda on everybody else, the Supreme  Court included.   Until 2019, so for 15 years, I never spoke publicly or privately  about my abortion. In fact, I didn't even tell my mother about it. Some  of it was because as an immigrant from a culture that deeply values  children and in a society that still stigmatizes abortion here in the  United States, I felt a shame that I never should have felt.   Two years ago, I decided to tell my story as a Member of Congress  because I was so deeply concerned about the abortion ban legislation  that was coming out from States across the country, and I became only  the second Member of Congress to publicly talk about my abortion.   Today, as we are on the cusp of a horrific decision from the Supreme  Court to criminalize women's rights and the right to an abortion, we  all have to speak out to tell our truths if we are able. I want you to  know that there are so many different situations that people face in  making these choices.   Whether the choice to have an abortion is easy or hard, whether there  are traumatic situations or not, none of this should be the issue. It  is simply nobody's business what choices we pregnant people make about  our own bodies. Let me be very clear, I would never tell people who  don't choose to have an abortion that they should have an abortion, nor  should they tell me that I shouldn't. This is a constitutionally  protected, intensely personal choice.   I did not suffer the economic issues that so many poor people suffer.  I did not suffer from living in a State that doesn't allow pregnant  people to make these choices, and I was very privileged to live in a  world post-Roe v. Wade where abortion had been established as settled  law as a constitutional right.   Today, abortion is still the law of the land, and providers remain  hard at work to give the care that so many desperately need and  deserve. But it is clear that the Supreme Court, a majority on the  Supreme Court who were appointed by two Republican Presidents who did  not win even the majority of the popular vote, that the Supreme Court  is poised to overturn this fundamental right to choose. And the  communities that will pay the steepest prices are our low-income  communities, our Black and Brown communities, our LGBTQ communities.    The Progressive Caucus and our members have been at the forefront of  protecting these rights and ensuring that we in the House passed the  Women's Health Protection Act, that we work to repeal the Hyde  amendment, and that we remove the stigma around abortion care and  reproductive health choices.   This is existentially urgent, and we will not allow the Supreme Court  or the United States Senate, the people who voted against the  codification of Roe v. Wade, to win in this battle. We  [[Page H4904]]  will fight to the very end for our freedoms.   