 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  marking a very solemn anniversary. A year ago, our former President,  Donald Trump, and his Big Lie about the 2020 election incited a violent  insurrection on our Nation's Capitol and an attack on our very  democracy.   We must never forget this dark day in our Nation's history. We must  never forget the heroic work of the Capitol Police, the Metropolitan  Police, and the National Guard to protect all of us and this  institution and its critical work from that violent mob. We must never  tolerate such an attack on our democracy and our democratic values.   That disgraceful day led to the deaths and injuries of brave people  in uniform, created lasting scars for countless members of our  community, and further opened the door to undermine our trusted  democratic process for generations to come.   I applaud the ongoing efforts of the House Select Committee,  bipartisan in nature, to uncover the truth, to provide accountability,  and to ensure that this never happens again in our country. But  Congress cannot stop at making clear to the American people how January  6 came to be and ensuring those who contributed to this tragic attack  on our Nation and its institutions face the consequences of their  actions.   We must also act to protect the right of every eligible American to  vote and to secure the integrity of our elections against partisan  interference because the Big Lie hasn't gone away--far from it. Across  the country, Republican State legislatures are using it to justify  attacking our democracy time and time again.   In the last year alone, more than 400 pieces of legislation--bills-- that restrict access to voting have been introduced in 49 of our  States, and in at  [[Page S69]]  least 19 of those States, these measures have become law.   In my home State of Wisconsin, the Republicans in the State  legislature are willing to disregard the clear reality that  Wisconsinites from across the political spectrum exercised their right  to vote in record numbers in a secure, fair, and safe election in 2020.  Instead, they are pushing Trump's Big Lie to gain a partisan advantage  by curtailing voting rights and putting up barriers to make it harder  to vote.   They are today fleecing taxpayers to support a sham, partisan process  under the false guise of election integrity, undermining people's faith  in our elections. At the same time, they are advancing a redistricting  proposal that will double down on Wisconsin's unprecedented level of  partisan gerrymandering, all while our hard-working election officials  are facing threats against their lives simply for doing their jobs.   Enough is enough. That is why the Senate must take up and pass the  Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act  without delay.   Regardless of where you live in this country, you should have the  same access to the ballot box and faith that our elections are fair and  safe. Voting rights has long been a bipartisan issue, but,  unfortunately, my Republican colleagues are obstructing us from taking  up this incredibly important legislation and obstructing us from taking  action to stop voter suppression and protect voting rights.   The Freedom to Vote Act will counter election interference by  protecting election officials from the kind of threats, intimidation,  and harassment that we are seeing across the country and, very  specifically, we are seeing in Wisconsin. It will put an end to the  partisan gerrymandering that lets legislators choose their voters,  something we have seen all too clearly in my home State. And it will  ensure that there are commonsense, nationwide standards on early voting  and voting by mail that make it easier for more people to exercise  their constitutional right to vote, particularly in challenging  circumstances like this global pandemic.   The John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act will restore protections  under the Voting Rights Act against the type of efforts to restrict  access to the ballot that we continue to see in States across the  country.   January 6, 2021, is a day none of us will ever forget. The images of  insurrectionists assaulting our brave people in uniform, our seat of  government and democracy, will forever be burned into my mind. But far  too many would like to whitewash the violent day and pretend the  insurrection was not an existential threat to our democracy.   We have colleagues who have inexplicably and falsely said the violent  mob was a group of mere ``tourists.'' My Republican counterpart from  the great State of Wisconsin even called January 6 a ``peaceful  protest.'' These fly in the face of the truth. This is not right, and  we cannot allow the truth to be buried.   We must all condemn this insurrection in no uncertain terms, as well  as the Big Lie about the 2020 election that drove the mob to desecrate  this hallowed Chamber. And we must honor and strengthen our democracy  by passing legislation that puts an end to these ceaseless attacks on  voters and the integrity of our elections.   I yield the floor.   