 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Graham, Gillibrand, Schumer, and I be able to complete our remarks  prior to the vote on H.R. 4445.    Madam President, I also ask unanimous consent to engage in  a colloquy with my colleague Senator Graham.    Madam President, protecting survivors of sexual assault  and  [[Page S625]]  harassment has been one of my top priorities here in the Senate. In  fact, yesterday, I introduced the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act  Reauthorization Act of 2022, which now has the support of 10 of my  Republican colleagues.   Today, we are here to talk about another issue that is impacting too  many in our Nation's workforce. The Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual  Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2022 provides survivors of sexual  assault and sexual harassment with a choice between litigation and  arbitration so their voices will not be silenced.   Earlier this Congress, I was glad to see progress in the Senate  Judiciary Committee as they moved forward on this bill. The committee  took action that I supported. They removed the provision on collective  bargaining agreements. Just this week, I was even more encouraged when  the House made further changes to the bill that improved the definition  of sexual harassment.   While these changes are important and significant, it is still not a  perfect solution. That is why, when I sat down earlier this week with  the majority leader and the lead Republican sponsor of this bill, my  friend from South Carolina, we agreed to come to the floor and ensure  the congressional intent of the Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual  Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2022 was crystal clear.   During our meeting, my colleagues agreed with me that this bill  should not be the catalyst for destroying predispute arbitration  agreements in all employment matters. Specifically, we agreed that  harassment or assault claims should not be joined to an employment  claim without a key nexus. Harassment and assault allegations are very  serious and should stand on their own. The language of this bill should  be narrowly interpreted. It should not be used as a mechanism to move  employment claims that are unrelated to these important issues out of  the current system. These clarifications are needed.   I care very much and support survivors of sexual harassment or  assault having access to the appropriate process to ensure swift  justice, but it is also very important to me that those claims stand  separate from any other kind of claim. I am grateful that Senators  Schumer and Graham stand with me today in knowing that those claims are  meaningfully different.   There is one other important piece here that I would like to mention  and that, I hope, my colleagues can agree with me on. If an employment  agreement contains a predispute arbitration clause and a sexual assault  or harassment claim is brought forward in conjunction with another  employment claim and the assault or harassment claim is later  dismissed, a court should remand the other claim back to the  arbitration system under this bill.   I think we can all agree that we want to ensure survivors of sexual  assault have their voices heard. We just have to do this in a thorough  and thoughtful way.   My hope is that the legislative intent of this bill reflects the  conversation with my colleagues discussed here today; namely, that the  Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act  of 2022 should not effectively destroy arbitration in employment  litigation.   This bill is narrow and scoped to address sexual assault and sexual  harassment cases. These clarifications we are making here reflect the  specific challenges that victims of these particular allegations face.  And if any subsequent litigation manipulates the text to game the  system, Senators Schumer and Graham have pledged to work with me on a  bipartisan bill to further codify the intent and language of this bill.   I would yield to Senator Graham for further discussion.    I am good.   I will yield the floor but want to thank my colleagues.   