 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S481]]     Madam President, I come to the floor because this week,  hopefully, our House colleagues will be taking up legislation that they  have named America COMPETES. My colleague was just here on the Senate  floor talking about the legislation we passed last year, and we are  glad our colleagues are finally addressing this in the House of  Representatives.   I said ``glad'' they are ``addressing''--we are happy about that  because, between 1996 and 2015, federally funded research led to over  $1 trillion in economic growth and millions of new jobs. So we know  that when we invest, we see a big return in our economy.   What we know, however, is that R&D investment is at its lowest point  in nearly 45 years, as measured as a percentage of GDP. That is where  we have been going. And the rest of the world isn't waiting.   Overall, U.S. R&D spending places us ninth globally, behind advanced  economies like South Korea, Japan, and Germany, and far below the fifth  place ranking that we held in the 1990s.   So this is why we need to do something, and that is why we passed  what was called the United States Innovation and Competition Act last  year and why we encouraged our colleagues to take it up. There is a  competition for global leadership in technology in a range of areas-- semiconductors, manufacturing, artificial intelligence, low-Earth orbit  satellites. And there are countries that are very eager to make  investments to try to capture those jobs that I mentioned that come as  a result of investment in technology.   We know that we tried to solve this problem before; that is, to stay  competitive. We passed an America COMPETES Act in 2007, and we passed  one in 2010. And we were trying to stay competitive with changing  economies and the information age that we now are in. These acts were  intended to double the key research accounts at the National Science  Foundation and the Department of Energy, but, unfortunately, the  appropriations authorized did not materialize. In large part, we had a  2008 recession and subsequent fiscal sequestration, and we reduced the  NSF and DOE budgets.   So we had the right idea. We had a year or so of activity that really  tried to get us on the right track, and then fiscal issues put us  behind.   So job openings today and the opportunities for us to grow our  economy by making this investment are just monumental. And that is why  we hope that this is a bipartisan effort by the Senate and, ultimately,  a bipartisan effort by the House to come together to make the  investments to help fill these jobs of the future.   Job openings in computer science occupations are expected to exceed 1  million in the next few years, nearly 400,000 just in the area of cyber  security alone.   The Wall Street Journal reported that planned growth in the U.S.  semiconductor industry will require up to 90,000 more workers by 2025-- 90,000 more workers just in that 1 sector. And these are very well- paying jobs.   According to the National Science Board, the only way that the United  States can fill the gaps in these STEM workers is to double the number  of women in the STEM workforce and double the number of other  unrepresented minorities in these jobs. And that is exactly what we are  trying to do with this legislation.   On our manufacturing sector--which we have a very large manufacturing  sector in the Northwest, driven by aerospace but also other forms of  transportation, and it also includes small and medium-sized  manufacturing--but one organization estimated that it will take up to  $250 billion over 10 years to help us upgrade our existing  infrastructure in manufacturing and equipment to be competitive.   So that means we must do our part. Many of these industries will do  their part. But on the R&D side, we must continue to do our part.   Other countries are investing heavily. On the semiconductor advanced  manufacturing facilities, which are very, very expensive to build, we  just heard of a major announcement by Intel a few weeks ago about their  investment in the State of Ohio. These facilities can cost $30 billion  over 10 years, including $20 billion in just the capital expenses.  Other countries are making huge investments to help build cheaper  foundries, anywhere from 30 to 50 percent of the investment in Asia.   So, as a result, over the last several decades, the United States has  lost a big share of what they had in the semiconductor manufacturing  chip sector, going from about 37 percent of the market for production  from the United States down to 12 percent today.   So the United States must respond, and we must continue to make  investments in these sectors. My colleagues, as we had this floor  debate, will remember, we talked about a $52 billion investment--an  enormous amount of money. But I asked my colleagues who helped us get  this legislation and those who weren't with us at that moment to  consider this information: The semiconductor shortage cost vehicle  manufacturers, just in 2021, $210 billion. In 1 year, our shortage cost  us $210 billion.    So I think making this investment in chip production in the United  States is critical. It is time we try again with our House colleagues.  It is time that we engage in a bipartisan legislative process to get  this legislation to the President's desk.   I know the House will consider many amendments on Friday when they  are supposed to take up this bill. We in the Commerce Committee had  over 230 amendments filed. We approved 130 amendments. We had a 6-hour  markup. We had healthy debate on amendments, and then the Senate  proceeded to an open-floor debate and hundreds of amendments were filed  here on the Senate floor.   So I encourage our colleagues in the House to have their amendments,  to consider these ideas, and to come to an effort with us to get this  legislation passed.   We know that this would be the largest 5-year commitment to public  R&D in our Nation's history. We need it for the job growth. We need it  to stay competitive.   This legislation would also make a $15 billion investment in growing  and diversifying that STEM workforce. As I said, given the large amount  of job openings in this sector, we are not going to find the people to  take them unless we are diversifying our workforce.   This would establish a Senate-confirmed position on improving STEM  diversity and make sure that NSF and the investments we would make  would help us not only assure diversity but geographic diversity within  the United States.   This legislation would also create a first-of-a-kind NSF--National  Science Foundation--tech directorate to help accelerate the development  and translation of new technologies within the United States to the  future and helping those jobs grow more quickly.   Now, I know a lot of people, probably at the beginning: If NSF was  already doing a good job, if DOE was already doing a good job, why do  we have to do something different?   Well, the issue is the United States is producing a lot of R&D, and  that R&D is being used by other people. It is actually documented  public information that ends up getting used and translated by somebody  else hungrier, faster moving, with opportunity, and thereby getting  translated. So this bill addresses that. This bill, with the creation  of a tech directorate, is about accelerating the R&D that we do and  turning it into real manufacturing at a faster rate.   We call this tech transfer. And if you have any kind of university in  your State, you know exactly what I am talking about, and these  universities play a key role in tech transfer. In fact, tech transfer  in this realm of university has been responsible for about 4 million  jobs over the last 20 years, I think it is--the last 20 years. So these  are big investments that they have supported. They have supported over  4 million jobs.   So USICA would make an investment of 17 billion in the Department of  Energy and authorize the tripling of the manufacturing extension  partnership to help with those manufacturing opportunities and also  make investments in tech hubs to help create private sector investment  and the same kind of workforce opportunities for the future.   As I mentioned, the announcement by Intel in Ohio to build a new  foundry and the expensive cost of building a new foundry was  interesting news because it wasn't in the same places that  [[Page S482]]  investments in chip fabrication has been done so far. And yet the CEO  of the company said, if we pass this legislation, there could be 100  billion in investment.   That is important because we have to understand how important chip  fabrication is, semiconductors are, to the information age that we live  in today--how important it is that we not lose market share any lower  than 12 percent and we actually start going back in the other direction  so that we can grow these jobs in the future.   So I just want to emphasize: There is a lot to agree on with House  colleagues. Both bills call for a $52 billion investment in the  semiconductor industry. Both bills call for major investment, about  $160 billion, in critical R&D Agencies like the National Science  Foundation and the Department of Energy. Both bills recognize the need  to invest in creating tech hubs and making investments in the domestic  supply chain. Both bills call for growing the diversity of our STEM  workforce to meet workforce gaps. Both bills attempt to address  disparities in our trade and research policies that I was just  mentioning--trying to not let people just grab the R&D that the United  States does and translate that, but make sure that we have strong laws  in preventing intellectual property theft where it occurs and making  investments in American businesses. And we know that there are other  provisions that we will be able to agree on as well. So with our  investment in R&D reaching a 45-year low, now is the time to grow our  economy.    I hope our colleagues in the House will join in a bipartisan effort.  We stand ready in the Senate to join a serious discussion to get this  legislation onto the President's desk and grow these jobs. It is a very  important economic opportunity for the United States and continues our  leadership.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Commerce, Science,  and Transportation I report favorably the following nomination lists  which were printed in the Records on the dates indicated, and ask  unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive  Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the  information of Senators.   