 My, my, my, Madam Speaker. Here we go  again.   I thank my friend from Texas for yielding. I keep saying that I think  Texas and Florida, we are in the race, the race for the worst. I don't  know who is winning that one.   But like the gentlewoman, those of us in Florida, we have been stuck  in an unfortunate situation, battling with a State government that is  actively harming the people they are supposed to protect and it is  especially true when it comes to abortion care.   They call us the so-called Freedom State. We are the Freedom State,  which means that the Republican legislature and the Governor believe  they have the freedom to deny people the freedom to make one of life's  most personal decisions, and that is whether to bring a child into the  world.   Madam Speaker, I remember the days before Roe v. Wade, and I was 15  years old, and I--literally, one of my friends was missing for a day,  so I went looking for her and I found her in a bed covered with blood.  And what had happened is she had had a back-alley abortion, nearly  died. We got her to the hospital in time, but how I wish she could have  gone and gotten proper care. That is just an example.   Here's the thing. You can have all the laws you want to outlaw  abortion. You are not going to stop abortion. All these laws do are try  to stop illegal abortion, and they unfairly burden the people with the  least amount of money, because if you are wealthy you find a place  where you can get a safe abortion.   But I want to say, I really come to this as a mother, and as a  grandmother. Those who know me know that I--and my grandchildren call  me Lolo. I come to this as a Lolo. Really, it is the best part of my  life. What a blessing my son is to me and my two grandchildren.   But I also know the responsibility. I know the responsibility, which  really brings us to why we are here today because, whether or not to  bring a child into the world, as I mentioned, I think is one of the  most important personal decisions that a person makes.   They shouldn't have to call their Congressperson, their Governor,  their State legislature.   So tonight, I want to thank the gentlewoman because we are  recognizing those people that we know in our community who have really  been advocates or providers for the healthcare that people deserve and  need.   So I am going to recognize two courageous leaders from my home State  of Florida, champions for women's access to full healthcare, not just  abortions, which should be part, but all kinds of care. And they are  Lillian Tomayo and Mona Reis.   And like the gentlewoman's advocates that she talked about tonight,  they are fighting against, they have been fighting against an unending  tide of terrible State laws that try to undermine reproductive freedom.   And once again, once again, this time we are following Texas, we are  on the cusp of enacting a dangerous restrictive abortion ban, which is  a ban on abortion after 15 weeks that is now awaiting our Governor's  certain signature.   But for decades, Lillian and Mona, in their own capacities, have  fought hard for reproductive freedom in our State. For more than 20  years, Lillian has been advocate for women, teens, the LGBTQ community  as president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of South, East, and North  Florida.   And Mona Reis is the founder of the Presidential Women's Center in  Palm Beach County. She ran that for about 40 years, and she faced  threats, arson.   There was a period of time, even today, abortion providers are under  danger. Some have even been murdered.   But both have persisted. They have persisted to make sure our  underserved communities have access to the healthcare that they need.  And they have been essential in providing access to reproductive care,  and the freedom that people deserve in our State.   Each are going on a new journey, but they leave a legacy of  unrelentless pursuit of reproductive freedom. I say thank you to Mona  and to Lillian.   