 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to ask my  colleagues to vote on the nomination of Admiral David Pekoske to serve  a second term as Administrator of the Transportation Security  Administration.   We recently commemorated the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks and the  3,000 lives lost here in the United States when tragically the Pentagon  was struck, downtown Manhattan, and Shanksville, PA. In response to  that, Congress created the TSA--Transportation Security  Administration--to strengthen the Nation's security and our  transportation system.   And every day that TSA works the frontlines to protect the traveling  public, it is working to also prevent future attacks. It is  safeguarding our Nation's infrastructure and certainly working every  day to make sure that the flying public continues to move through a  successful process.   TSA's mission lies in the commitment of professionals and highly  skilled individuals. Admiral Pekoske's confirmation and continued  leadership of this team will enable the TSA to further its ongoing and  important mission.   Over the past two decades, the TSA has had to deal with many  challenges: facing the continued threats of concealing weapons in shoes  and underwear and even in soft drinks. And in 2010, the TSA began  detecting explosives in electronics and countering attacks on the  public side of airports.   Today, the landscape is even more sophisticated with state and  nonstate actors and cyber attacks. Unique challenges posed to us during  the COVID pandemic have made these challenges to the aviation security  landscape even greater.   We know that we need to have continued experienced leadership. And  Admirable Pekoske is well qualified for this position. He will continue  to make transportation security and its modernization the Nation's No.  1 priority as it relates to the sector.   Each day, at over 430 airports across the country, TSA screens over 2  million passengers and 1.4 million checked bags for explosives and  other dangerous items. This helps ensure the security for over 24,000  domestic flights and nearly 3,300 outbound international flights per  day.   Security demands for the Agency are returning and every day are  continuing to grow. Over the Labor Day weekend, TSA screened nearly 11  million people, or 3 percent more, over the corresponding period in  2019. In fact, TSA screened more people on 4 of the 5 days, from  September 1 to 5, marking the first sustained period of checkpoint  throughput during a holiday weekend above prepandemic levels.   So the traveling public is back, and, obviously, we need dedicated  TSA officers and individuals to continue to work. We are not saying  that there aren't improvements to that process--there certainly are-- but TSA has been charged with a critical, obviously, responsibility to  make sure that we continue to work to ensure the safety of our air  transportation system.   Last year's ransomware attack on Colonial Pipeline threatened nearly  50 percent of the east coast's fuel supply. So we must harden all of  our targets and make sure the TSA has leadership to make sure that  they, too, are helping us address these emerging threats.   Admiral Pekoske's experience in leading TSA in these critical  missions deserves support for renomination to this position again.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   