 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit, and my  amendment affirms this Chamber's commitment to being a proper steward  of taxpayer dollars and ensuring the integrity of SBA's programs.   Over 2 years ago, Congress enacted and activated numerous relief  programs to rescue the American economy from the COVID-19 State and  local shutdown orders that devastated small businesses across the  country. Speed was of the essence, and Congress focused on getting  dollars out quickly before parts of the economy collapsed.   However, criminal behavior took hold as many illegal applicants  entered programs and scammed others to take advantage of this relief.  According to the SBA inspector general's estimates, over $80 billion of  the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program payments and $4.6 billion of  the Paycheck Protection Program are potentially fraudulent. These are  American taxpayer dollars that are on the line, and they are being  misused and stolen.   We must do everything in Congress' power to stop this illegal  behavior and ensure that the fraudsters are brought to justice. Our  oversight capabilities must be reinforced and strengthened.   As the ranking member of the Oversight, Investigations, and  Regulations Subcommittee of the Committee on Small Business, I stand  ready to ensure that these programs are adequately built to deter this  fraudulent behavior.   However, we must also ensure that law enforcement has the tools at  their disposal and enough time to complete the job. We must lengthen  the statute of limitations for the loans and grants made during this  emergency period and give the SBA's inspector general, the Secret  Service, and the Department of Justice the necessary time to launch  investigations and complete their process.   Five years is simply not enough, especially when the SBA continues to  defer payments on EIDL loans. Therefore, my amendment moves the statute  of limitations from 5 years to 10 years to capture, recover, and seize  fraudulent dollars within these COVID-19 small business relief  programs.   Criminals moved quickly, and they did so at a time when those folks  who needed it the most were unable to get these dollars. They took  advantage of an unprecedented worldwide epidemic. In due time, our  authorities will find them and recover the money that was meant to  assist Main Street America during the COVID-19 pandemic.   Our economy is driven by America's small businesses, entrepreneurs,  and startups, and protecting those relief dollars dedicated to them  should be a top priority for all Members of Congress.   This amendment is a simple, commonsense, and necessary fix. I urge my  colleagues to support it. It will give the time necessary for law  enforcement to recover our American taxpayer dollars.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   