 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendment to the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. My  bipartisan amendment with Congressman Fleischmann authorizes the  Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Education to conduct a study on  the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) workforce  and STEM education.   This amendment would provide data on the number of STEM jobs  currently available and anticipated expansion in the field, the number  of STEM and computer science classes in public secondary schools, and  policy solutions to expand access for individuals with barriers to  employment, such as those from low income and minority communities, and  those from rural communities. This data will be helpful for us to  understand this rapidly expanding sector and to ensure the United  States is able to remain a global leader in the technology industry.   This amendment builds off my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3602 the Computer  Science for All Act that Rep. Fleischmann also co-leads with me which  would create grants to increase access to computer science education  for preK-12 students.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on this bipartisan amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to support the  Targeting Resources to Communities in Need Act of 2022. I thank Whip  Clyburn for leading this bill, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. I also  want to thank Chair Maloney, and the Speaker for moving this  legislation.   As chair of the Majority Leader's Task Force on Poverty and  Opportunity and an appropriator, I have worked with Whip Clyburn to  uplift the 10-20-30 antipoverty formula in legislation.   One hundred forty million people in America are poor or one  healthcare crisis, job loss, or emergency away from economic  desperation. We must prioritize their needs and demands.   Our poverty crisis is the result of political choices. With the  Targeting Resources to  [[Page H5089]]  Communities in Need Act of 2022, we can now choose to take action to  increase the share of Federal investments targeted to areas of high and  persistent poverty.   I urge my colleagues to vote to pass the Targeting Resources to  Communities in Need Act of 2022 to revive our moral and political  commitments to strengthening pathways out of poverty.   