 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the  Respect for Marriage Act of 2022. Thank you to Judiciary Chair Jerrold  Nadler for introducing H.R. 8404, LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus Chair David  Cicilline, and Tri-Caucus Chairs for your leadership to fight for equal  rights for all communities.   Everyone should have the equal right to marry whomever they love-- whatever their identity, race or ethnicity.   While the Supreme Court ruled the discriminatory Defense of Marriage  Act unconstitutional, in the wake of the Court's decision to overturn  Roe, we cannot rely on the Court alone to protect our rights. First,  they attacked our reproductive rights, but next, they'll attack our  right to marriage. What's next?   It is unconscionable that any person should face a situation where  their marriage is threatened or rendered invalid because of the  dangerous whims of the few who want to take this country backwards.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the entire House to support this bill, protect  our right to marriage, and defend our people from the senseless assault  on our liberties.    First of all, I thank our chair for the time.  I rise in  [[Page H6837]]  support of H.R. 8294, which provides funding for numerous critical  Federal programs for Fiscal Year 2023.   And let me just take a moment to thank our chairwoman, Rosa DeLauro,  for leading this appropriations process; what a job. But it was  amazing, very inclusive, very democratic, and I thank her for including  so much for not only Democrats in the bill, but also for our Republican  colleagues.   I also thank Leader Hoyer, our Speaker, and Whip Clyburn for working  to get this bill to the floor.   Not least, I thank Chairs Bishop, Kaptur, Pingree, Price, Quigley,  and Wasserman Schultz for their leadership in crafting each of these  individual bills included in this package.   I tell you, systemic racism--and you know I am going to talk about  that, Mr. Chair--it is really at the heart of every crisis that we face  today. This bill responds with critical investments to fight poverty,  hunger, homelessness, housing insecurity, the climate crisis, and also  includes so many provisions for equity and for justice.   I represent a district in the Bay Area that has some of the biggest  challenges with transportation and housing affordability in the  country. This bill fully funds President Biden's plan to fight for fair  housing. And it includes important investments in housing and  transportation equity, to help reverse decades of systemic racism.   The climate crisis threatens the health, safety, air quality, and  livelihoods of neighborhoods, especially poor and low-income  neighborhoods which primarily are communities of color.   This bill would advance energy independence, lower energy costs,  invest in renewable energy and scientific innovation, and address  fundamental environmental injustices.   Finally, as the co-chair of the Congressional Cannabis Caucus, I am  pleased that this bill furthers the effort to stop unfairly targeting  people and businesses in States and localities where voters have chosen  to make cannabis legal.   I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 8294. I once again thank our  chairwoman for such a great job.   