 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in support of the Respect for  Marriage Act, and I am proud to be a cosponsor.   I come from a State that has long been at the cutting edge of  progress. Minnesota began protecting LGBTQ people against workplace  discrimination in 1993. At that time, it was the first and only State  in the Nation to outlaw discrimination based on gender identity. And  two decades later, in 2013, we became the 12th State to legalize  marriage equality.   Across the country, as we know, many States have made advances.  Today, 23 States have laws protecting people from discrimination based  on  [[Page S6734]]  sexual orientation or gender identity. And in 2015, the Supreme Court  recognized that the U.S. Constitution guarantees same-sex couples the  right to marry.    But as far as we have come, we still have miles to go until LGBTQ  Americans can live their lives with freedom, authenticity, and  equality. And we must also make sure that we protect the progress we  make.   From what happened recently with the Dobbs decision, as we know,  rights that people take for granted--nearly 50 years of Roe v. Wade-- can vanish with one mark of a pen, with one signature on a piece of  paper.   In fact, when it comes to gay marriage, when it comes to the  protections granted by the Obergefell case--it was actually raised in  one of the Justice's written opinions--we know that this is on the  chopping block.   That is why, when a Supreme Court Justice signals that the hard-won  legal protection for marriage equality could be on that chopping block,  putting the legal rights of countless married couples and families in  jeopardy, we felt--a number of Republicans and Democrats--on a  bipartisan basis, that we had to step in. That is why we are here.   The way I see it, all three branches of government have a  responsibility to protect people's rights. This is why our system of  government was set up this way brilliantly. If one branch doesn't do  its job, then it is up to another to step in. Yes, it is a system of  checks and balances. Checks. If someone's power is out of control, as I  believe happened here--out of the mainstream, out of consistency with  the American people--that is a check. That is why we have it this way.   That is why you are seeing today--thanks to the leadership of our  friends Senator Feinstein, Senator Baldwin, Senator Collins, Senator  Sinema, Senator Portman, Senator Tillis, and so many others--that we  have reached a bipartisan agreement to move this bill forward.   As you know, in July, the House of Representatives passed the Respect  for Marriage Act to protect marriage equality. They did that on a  bipartisan basis as well. Forty-seven Republicans voted for that bill  in the House of Representatives.   For our Senate bill, I will note that the bipartisan text also has  broad support from faith-based organizations to more than 250  businesses, including Minnesota's own Target and Best Buy.   We have before us a bill that requires States and the Federal  Government to respect marriages legally entered into in other States,  regardless of the sex or the race of the people who are married.   This is the kind of bill that should get 100 votes. It is about  equality; it is about dignity; and it is about love. It is about saying  that we won't go back to the days when a patchwork of State laws  determined whether the union of two people who loved each other would  be recognized by their government; that we won't go back to the days  when a gay soldier, killed on the battlefield, was denied the honor and  the respect of an official notification of next of kin. And we won't go  back to the days of hospital patients being left to spend their final  moments alone without the person they love most by their side.   This bipartisan vote today, and the one that we will have in the  coming days, is about, no, we will not go backward. We will not go  backward in this Chamber. We will not follow the way that the Supreme  Court has been going when it comes to folding back rights and denying  rights. That is not what America is about.   We should all be able to agree that States shouldn't be able to  discriminate against people based on whom they love. This bill gives  each and every one of my colleagues the opportunity to make that  statement.   We know that there is more to be done to make sure all Americans are  entitled to equal protections under the law, but this is an important  step toward ensuring that no American experiences discrimination  because of whom they love.   This is a great moment. It is a wonderful moment because my  colleagues were able to reach an agreement across the aisle. It is a  wonderful moment because we are fulfilling our constitutional duty of  checks and balances. It is a moment of joy.   We have to remember that sometimes in our job, we have these moments  that actually people say thank you for what you just did. They stop you  in an airport, as the Presiding Officer knows, and say thank you. A lot  of people are going to be saying that this week because they know this  is the right thing to do, regardless of people's political views,  regardless of their religious beliefs. It is why we are so proud that  so many religious organizations are supporting this bill.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   