 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3771, the ``South  Asian Heart Health Awareness and Research Act of 2022.'' As Chairwoman  of the House Health Subcommittee, I'm proud to have advanced this  bipartisan bill and I'm pleased to support it on the Floor today.   ``The South Asian Heart Health Awareness and Research Act of 2022''  sponsored by Representatives Jayapal and Fitzpatrick promotes research  and awareness of heart health for communities that are  disproportionately affected by heart disease.   Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S., but  it is a disproportionate killer. According to the American College of  Cardiology, South Asian Americans are four times more likely to die  from cardiovascular disease than any other ethnic group in the U.S.  Despite these alarming statistics, researchers still do not fully  understand why it is such a targeted threat.   This legislation provides $1 million annually for the next five years  to advance research and awareness of heart health for the most  vulnerable American communities.   ``The South Asian Heart Health Awareness and Research Act'' was  introduced in the 115th Congress, passed the House in 116th Congress,  and is past-due to become law in the 117th Congress. I urge my  colleagues to help close this health disparity gap in our country and  support this important bill.    Madam Speaker, as the Chairwoman of the Health  Subcommittee and a senior member of the Communications and Technology  Subcommittee, I've advanced the importance of telehealth for years.   Over the last several months, as I've talked to health care  professionals and providers in my district, I've heard how the wide  adoption of telehealth has been the bright spot during the pandemic.   One reason for that bright spot is that HHS waived many rules and  payment policies surrounding telehealth coverage in traditional  Medicare during the public health emergency. A recent HHS Office of the  Inspector General report found that over 28 million Medicare  beneficiaries used telehealth during the first year of the pandemic,  demonstrating the long-term potential of telehealth to increase access  to health care for beneficiaries.   Now that beneficiaries have received this important benefit, they  fully appreciate what telehealth does for them. We must find a way to  continue telehealth access for seniors and all Americans. That's why  I'm proud to support Representatives Liz Cheney and Debbie Dingell's  bipartisan H.R. 4040, the ``Advancing Telehealth Beyond COVID-19 Act of  2022.'' The bill will allow Medicare beneficiaries to use telehealth  services after the public health emergency ends by eliminating  geographical restrictions on Medicare coverage for telehealth services  and expand Medicare coverage to include audio-only telehealth. I urge  my colleagues to support this important, bipartisan bill.   