 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, first, I thank Chairman Smith as well as  Chair McGovern and their staff and team for working with me on this  critically important amendment and for their leadership, really,  throughout this NDAA process.   I also thank Congresswoman Jacobs for cosponsoring this amendment  with us in support of, again, this really important policy change.   With Russia's war in Ukraine, and serious tensions along NATO's  eastern border and in the South China Sea, today's world is being  redefined, Mr. Speaker, by escalating tensions between major nuclear  powers.   We don't have to look back far in history to see that there is danger  here. The Cold War was full of near misses and numerous crises that  could have gotten out of control and ended in nuclear war.   We are now entering a period of dangerous nuclear competition. As  such, we must remember one of the key lessons the Cold War taught us:  That when it comes to nuclear, we must preserve the ability to promptly  step back and clearly signal de-escalation when necessary.   Unfortunately, the current draft of the NDAA includes a provision  that prohibits our country from doing just that. Specifically, this  dangerous provision makes it impossible for our country to reduce the  stockpile of ICBMs for any reason, with no exceptions.   The policy was created, Mr. Speaker, and implemented by lawmakers in  promotion of companies who profit in the production of these weapons,  not in the best interests of our national security priorities.   This shortsighted policy places serious and concerning restraints on  the President, Congress, and the Department of Defense's ability to  consider and modify the role of ICBMs in our national defense.   Preserving our ability to reduce our nuclear stockpiles proved key to  reducing tensions and achieving peaceful solutions and planet-saving  arms control agreements during the Cold War. Just as we have the  ability to increase our nuclear defense in times of crisis, we must  have the ability to reduce our nuclear forces when it is in our  national interests.   To be clear, this amendment does not change the size of our nuclear  forces. It merely allows for reasonable consideration and debate in the  future.   As a mother of two, Mr. Speaker, who dreams of a world where my boys  and many of the children around the world can lead lives free from the  threat of fear and nuclear war, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I would like to just make it very clear that this amendment does not  change the size of our nuclear forces. This amendment gives our  government more options to avoid a world-ending nuclear war. It is that  simple.   Nuclear confrontation, Mr. Speaker, means the destruction of  everything we hold dear, and it risks the end of the world. We need  more options for those in power now to make those decisions and have  that flexibility.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to understand what is at stake, and  I remind my colleagues again that it is important to be able to give  Congress, the President of the United States, as well as the Department  of Defense, the ability to de-escalate when necessary.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi).    Mr. Speaker, it is important to understand that this  amendment merely allows for reasonable consideration and a debate in  the future in regard to our ICBMs. That is all we are asking here.   I think it is very important, again, for our future in allowing that  debate and public transparency about that need.   Again, de-escalation in a time of crisis is important.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   