 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 6617, a short-term  continuing resolution through March 11.   I am disappointed to be on the House floor today to speak on another  CR and not a full-year appropriation bill. It was my hope that, by now,  we would have finalized our work for fiscal year 2022. While  conversations are ongoing, we need more time to complete our work.   No one wants to have a CR, but the alternative is much worse. If we  don't pass a CR by next week, we could have an unnecessary and costly  government shutdown. I think both sides agree that would be disastrous,  especially for our national security.   This bill keeps the government open for another 3 weeks and ensures  the continuation of basic Federal responsibilities, such as national  defense, border security, and care for our veterans.   The bill also includes defense-related anomalies that fund the on- time development of Columbia-class submarines, DOD's top modernization  priority; it provides flexibility to counter threats like Russia; it  equips DOD to address the Navy's Red Hill fuel leak that displaced  servicemembers and their families; and it continues development of  critical cybersecurity systems.   Madam Speaker, I am hopeful that this CR will give us time to work  out our differences and pass bipartisan, full-year bills. We will not  be able to achieve this goal unless we find consensus on spending  levels and know that controversial policies have been dropped. I have  been very clear about what House Republicans need to support a final  product. We will not support partisan bills that include irresponsible  spending increases or extreme policies.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for the 3-week CR before us, and I look  forward to the additional time to finish this year's appropriations  process.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.     Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of  this bill.   I would now like to take some time to honor one of my committee  staff, Dave Raser, who passed away suddenly on Saturday. At just 24  years of age, he worked just as hard as anyone and did so with a heart  of gratitude and service.    Dave joined my staff as an intern in 2019 and did such a great job  that he officially joined my staff in 2020. Next week, we would have  celebrated his 2-year anniversary with the committee. He always had a  smile on his face and a joyful spirit that uplifted everyone. He truly  made a positive impact on everyone he interacted with.   On behalf of Congress and the Appropriations Committee, I offer our  sincerest condolences to his family, especially his sister, Emily, whom  he greatly admired and cherished.   Words cannot express how saddened we are at the loss of someone so  young and so kind.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   