 Mr. President, today, I rise to pay tribute to  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, a champion for Nevada. He was one of  the most powerful, dedicated, and effective advocates that my home  State has ever seen. He worked for the benefit of Nevadans for almost  50 years in both State and national politics. Everyone living in the  Silver State today has benefited from his wise and tenacious efforts.   But before Harry Reid was my Senator and the Senator for the State of  Nevada, he was a neighbor to my family. He was a mentor and a friend.   Now, I grew up in Las Vegas, just down the street from the Reid  family, and my sister and I attended public school with their oldest  son, Rory. And the entire Cortez family and Masto family and I want to  send our condolences to his beautiful wife Landra; his children, Lana  Reid Barringer, Rory, Leif, Josh, and Key; and his 19 grandchildren and  his great-grandchildren.   Harry Reid was irreplaceable, not just to them but to so many people,  including me and many of my colleagues in this Chamber. He was  unfailingly supportive of me throughout my entire time in public  service.   You know, I remember when I first decided to run for the office of  Nevada's attorney general. One of the first people I called was Senator  Reid, and I asked him for advice. I asked him for advice on running for  office because it was the first time I had ever run for any type of  office, and I had chosen to take on a statewide campaign. Not only was  he supportive, but he was candid in his comments--as only Harry can  be--about campaigning, the types of individuals working in the campaign  world, and what to beware of, of those working in that campaign world.  His advice still rings true today.   When I was serving, and fortunate enough to be elected statewide as  the attorney general, Senator Reid was always available for a call. And  he never forgot about Nevada and working with everybody in Nevada from  his seat here as a majority leader.   I remember one time, as the attorney general, I got a call from a  Senator here in the U.S. Senate, and the Senator said to me: I was just  talking to Senator Reid, and there is an issue that came up that I  would like to focus on, but Senator Reid said: You better call my  attorney general first in Nevada to make sure that she and the State of  Nevada are supportive of it. And to this day, I now serve with that  Senator. I will never forget getting a call from a U.S. Senator, as a  sitting attorney general, to talk about an issue that was important for  Nevada because Senator Reid knew what was important for him and his  State.    He also had this uncanny ability to call you at just the right time,  when you needed support or encouragement, when you needed advice or  just someone to commiserate with. We all know  [[Page S14]]  he didn't like to stay on the phone long, but he knew when you needed  him, and he would be there. He was a compassionate and kind man, a side  of him that many people did not see but many people also benefited from  greatly over the years. It is my incredible honor to be able to hold  the seat he occupied so well for so long.   Harry Reid accomplished so much as a Nevada Senator. Born in the  little town of Searchlight, NV, he knew his home State better than  anyone. He understood that Nevada was a microcosm of our country. He  knew that Nevada's diversity mirrored this Nation's, and that is why  Senator Reid worked to give Nevada a greater role in deciding each  party's nominee for President. He wanted to ensure that a State as  diverse and dynamic as Nevada played an important role in choosing  America's leaders.   Harry Reid also understood Nevada's landscapes, from the desert  outside of Searchlight that so many of us have heard about to the snowy  peaks of the Ruby Mountains in winter, to the glistening waters of Lake  Tahoe. He was a dedicated environmentalist who helped conserve Nevada's  abundant national treasures, keeping our State beautiful for future  generations and protecting outdoor recreation that fuels our State's  economy.   And we all know he would not back down from a fight, especially when  it involved Nevada; whether that was blocking every effort to dump  nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain without Nevada's agreement or  advocating for Federal funding to help upgrade Nevada's schools,  airports, roads and bridges, he was relentless in his push to get our  State the resources that we deserved.   Harry Reid was as diligent in supporting Nevada's rural and Tribal  communities as he was in building up our world-class cities. He helped  create Nevada's booming clean energy economy and make the State a  destination for those looking to build an innovative, sustainable  future.   The changes that he helped set in motion were so far-reaching that  they allowed Nevada to benefit from the innovation economy of the 21st  century. He paved the way for us. It isn't just Nevadans who are better  off because of Harry Reid; the entire country gained because of his  hard work and his dedication. He helped rescue the country by getting  America through the great recession, taking extra care to support the  hospitality and tourism economies that are so vital to the economy and  the jobs in Nevada.   He was instrumental in protecting Nevada's and the Nation's Dreamers  and immigrant families.   In his crowning legislative achievement, he fought tirelessly to get  millions of Americans access to affordable healthcare. His work was key  to ensuring that the Affordable Care Act became law, lowering  healthcare costs and giving access to high-quality care to millions who  didn't have it before.   Harry Reid was a great American, but first and foremost, he was a  great Nevadan. He never forgot where he came from, and there is no  doubt in my mind that is what motivated him every single day. As  Nevada's son, he made a tremendous difference for our State and for  every American. He was a wonderful friend and a true public servant and  for that we will miss him in the Senate and across the Nation.   