 Madam President, in June, as we are hearing, the  Supreme Court struck down Roe v. Wade, reversing nearly 50 years of law  that recognized a woman's fundamental right to reproductive freedom. We  also know that Justice Kavanaugh's concurring opinion repeatedly  insisted that the Court's decision would return the issue of abortion  to the people's elected representatives in the States. But this was  never about States' rights, really, to my rightwing colleagues who want  to restrict a woman's fundamental rights, and we know that because now  they are pushing for a national abortion ban.   Yesterday, as we have heard, Senator Graham introduced a strict  national abortion ban with criminal penalties for doctors who provide  critical care. If it passes, this bill will preempt the laws in States  across the country  [[Page S4595]]  where abortion is still legal, including my own State of Nevada. In  Nevada, our voters approved a ballot initiative in 1990 to enshrine a  woman's right to choose in our State laws.   So what happened to my colleagues' claims of respecting the rights of  States to make that decision? Well, apparently it wasn't enough to pack  the Court with Supreme Court Justices who would vote to deprive women  of the right that they have held for 50 years, under the guise of  States' rights. Now, when far-right Republicans disagree with a State's  decision, like mine, they plan to impose their own laws.   The current legislation introduced by Senator Graham stops the people  in pro-choice States--like mine, like Nevada--from choosing to protect  the rights of women. At the same time, it leaves in place stricter  abortion bans in 14 States.   What these far-right Republicans are effectively saying now is this:  Anti-choice States, you are free to choose however harsh you want your  abortion bans to be. But you pro-choice States, you are out of luck.  Whatever the voters want in your States, it really doesn't matter  because we are going to impose our own laws.   Look, Nevadans, as I have said, in 1990, we worked to codify Roe v.  Wade because we know that it is impossible to walk in another woman's  shoes. We know that for each woman, this is an important decision for  each individual woman to make with her doctor, with her loved ones,  about her healthcare, about her family planning.   I do not know what another woman is going to go through, and I do not  want to restrict her access to any type of care, nor should any of us  be imposing our beliefs, our experiences, our religion on someone else.   That is what this is about, and that is why Nevada voters voted in  1990 to codify Roe v. Wade and give women the right to make this  decision.   Right now, we are seeing some politicians once again declare that  they know what is best for every family in this Nation. They want to  force the State of Nevada and other States like Nevada to limit women's  freedoms, even though voters in my State voted to legally protect the  right to choose that Nevada women have had for 50 years.   I have been saying for months now that some of my colleagues would  never be satisfied with just overturning Roe and that they wouldn't  rest until there was a national abortion ban. This bill shows every  American that not only are women's rights under attack, but so is the  democratic process in States like Nevada. If we don't have an abortion  ban on the books, our State rights don't matter. That is just  unacceptable. We can't let our nieces, our daughters, our  granddaughters grow up in a world where they have fewer rights than we  have had in the past.   So I, for one, will keep fighting back because this is about a  fundamental right for American women and the will of people in States  like Nevada to make that decision and help and vote for the right of  women to choose.   I yield the floor.   