 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the House considers H.R.  4738, the COVID-19 American History Project Act.   The last 2 years have been unimaginable for every single American. As  COVID-19 ravaged our Nation, we lost nearly 1 million citizens to this  devastating virus.    For countless families, those deaths were not just a number on the  news but the visceral loss of a loved one: a grandparent, a husband, a  wife, a mom, a dad, a sister, a brother, a daughter, or a son.   My own family faced the pain of this pandemic as we lost my husband,  Luke, just days before he would take a seat in this very Chamber.   Studies tell us that when a person dies, approximately nine people  from  [[Page H3886]]  their inner circle, their family, friends, coworkers, and neighbors  suffer profound grief.   This bill is dedicated to them, the now nearly 9 million Americans  who live every day with newfound emptiness and suffering.   For families like mine, that loss means an empty chair at the dinner  table, a son who won't be able to go fishing with his dad anymore, and  a daughter who won't be able to dance with her father on her wedding  day.   But this bill also values our people's personal experiences during  the pandemic which will help inform the collective narrative. Their  accounts will facilitate healing and give hope to the generations of  Americans to follow.   The COVID-19 American History Project Act will task the Library of  Congress to record, collect, and keep the stories of Americans impacted  by the pandemic, personal accounts from those who survived this virus,  from those who lost loved ones, and from our healthcare heroes, the  doctors, nurses, technicians, ambulance drivers, and custodians who  served on the front lines of this pandemic, and to whom we owe an  enormous amount of gratitude.   This bill will allow us to use our voices as citizens to write the  history of this time. Personal stories are powerful and can promote  healing while also helping others who are hurting.   Medical research tells us that sharing a story through verbal or  written means has a cathartic effect on a grieving individual. I know  from my own life experiences that when we tell our stories of tragedy  and loss, that is when true healing begins.   It is time for the American people to heal. It is time for us to  finally put the fear and divisiveness of this pandemic behind us. It is  time to let the values of hope and peace guide our Nation once again.   Mr. Speaker, I believe it is fitting for this bill to come up for a  vote on the first day this House begins to reopen.   As we welcome the American people back inside their House, let us  also welcome the countless stories of those we lost throughout these  last 2 years.   Every day when I look into my toddlers' faces, I see their dad's  amazing spirit, and I find comfort in knowing that his greatest legacy  will live on through them.   But it is my children's generation and those not yet born who will  need to know the personal history and indelible impact of this  pandemic, and it should be written by the very people who lived it and  were impacted directly.   My husband, Luke, loved history and had a tremendous passion for  preserving our shared American heritage. His knowledge of the past  profoundly shaped his public service.   I think of the hours he spent poring over historical documents,  writing and publishing the stories of the people who came before us.   Let us preserve today's stories, not just to write a record, but to  inform the decisions of those who will stand in this Chamber decades  from now and chart the course for our Republic.   It is the dawn of a new day in America, one where we can finally  begin to move forward from COVID-19. And while we vow never to forget  the great suffering and loss so many of us endured, we stand emboldened  by the collective healing of the American spirit.   The Library of Congress' mission is to engage, inspire, and inform  Congress and the American people with a universal and enduring source  of knowledge and creativity.   Let us amplify the voices of the American people. Let us use their  stories and experiences to write this history, and never let us forget  those we lost.   In closing, I am reminded of a quote from Rick Warren who said,  ``Other people are going to find healing in your wounds. Your greatest  life messages and your most effective ministry will come out of your  deepest hurts.''   Mr. Speaker, it is time for to us let our country heal. It is time  for us to share our stories.   