 Madam Speaker, this is a landmark day. H.R. 4445, the  Ending Forced Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act,  will ensure that tens of millions of people are no longer silenced in  instances where there is sexual harassment and sexual assault.   These forced arbitration agreements require that people with disputes  against a company use a secretive, one-sided mediation process instead  of the judicial system. Sexual assault and sexual harassment survivors  with claims against a company are stripped of the right to decide how  to pursue accountability for their perpetrator. It is a lose-lose  scenario. People are left with little alternative but to sign these  agreements, and yet, they often face retaliation and backlash when they  are pursuing their claims.   This bipartisan bill is essential for survivors like Tatiana  Spottiswoode, who bravely testified under the protection of a friendly  subpoena at a House Judiciary Committee hearing. Tatiana needed that  protection because forced arbitration took away all of her rights to  speak publicly about the severe harassment that she had endured from  her boss and her abuser, former CEO of Afiniti, Zia Chishti. At the  hearing, Tatiana testified that ``the person who changed my life  forever continues to abuse me because forced arbitration gives him the  power to do it in secret.''   Tatiana's freedom to discuss her experiences publicly had real  impact. Mr. Chishti was finally fired, and the former Prime Minister of  the U.K. resigned from the advisory board of her abuser's company. Her  story, and countless others like hers, show why this bill is so  critical.   I am so proud to colead this bill with the incredible Representative  Cheri Bustos. And I thank Representative Bustos and Representative  Morgan Griffith and Representative   Ken Buck for their leadership, as  well. No one should have to endure what happened to Tatiana and so many  others like her. We have an opportunity in the House of Representatives  to set this right for millions of brave survivors.   Vote ``yes'' to pass H.R. 4445.   