 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous  question so we can immediately consider H.R. 7809, the Communities  Deserve Cops Act, to get police back on the force and criminals off our  streets.    Police departments across the country are struggling to hire and  retain new recruits to keep up with the pace of retirements and  resignations.   Officer morale has been decimated by antipolice rhetoric coming from  politicians and procrime policies that tie the hands of our police,  like the disastrous bail law of my State where a perp arrested in the  morning gets out of jail before the police officer even finishes his  shift.   Crime in America's cities is skyrocketing. It is skyrocketing as a  result of these policies.   An increase in ambush-style attacks against our police has put our  officers in harm's way both on and off duty. In 2021, America saw the  most law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty since 1995.   An NYPD officer puts their life on the line for $46,000 a year. My  hometown department, the NYPD, has seen more than 5,700 retirements  over the last 3 years because politicians have made it impossible for  them to do their job.   Nationally, retirements are up 45 percent, and resignations are up 18  percent, creating a dangerous situation in cities like mine that  finished 2021 with the highest homicide rate in a decade.   The Communities Deserve Cops Act would allow law enforcement agencies  to use Federal grant dollars to offer hiring and retention bonuses to  our police officers. It would increase resources for our police at a  time when too many politicians, including those in this Chamber, are  looking to strip away resources.   It is unfortunate that legislation like this even needs to be  considered. The endemic problems surrounding our police are a direct  result of a systematic targeting of those who protect us by progressive  politicians.    Madam Speaker, earlier this Congress, I offered a  resolution condemning calls to defund, abolish, or dismantle our  police, and guess what? Every one of our colleagues on the other side  of the aisle voted against it. This is the problem.   When our police departments are understaffed and overworked, Congress  must step up to provide them with the tools they need to effectively do  their job.   In this year's Federal budget, I fought to get millions of dollars  for the NYPD's K9 unit, forensic equipment, and protective gear.   I urge my colleagues to support this critically important piece of  legislation to give our brave men and women in blue the respect and the  support they need to do their jobs and keep our communities safe.   