 Madam President, how heartwarming it has been today to  witness Richard Burr's farewell speech to his colleagues, his staff,  the Members of the Senate, his constituents, and, indeed, all  Americans, and equally heartwarming it has been to listen to the  heartfelt tributes that he is receiving from those of us who have been  privileged to share with him.   During his 28 years in Congress as both a Member of the House and of  the Senate, Richard has been a strong voice for responsible government  and bipartisanship.   I join my colleagues in thanking him for his truly extraordinary  service not just to the people of his beloved North Carolina but to all  of our country. Throughout his service, Richard has consistently  reached across the aisle to meet challenges and to move our Nation  forward.   As the leader of the Senate's Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee, he has supported innovations in our healthcare system that  have made a real difference for his fellow Americans. These  advancements include enhancing the ability of cutting-edge treatments  and medications to reach patients as well as advocating for historic  funding increases for biomedical research.   Richard has also left a lasting mark on education policy for  Americans of all ages. He has worked to ensure that the very youngest  learners have the best possible opportunities in life by supporting  early education through Head Start and quality childcare and by  supporting afterschool programs through the child care and development  block grant.   He has sought to increase the affordability of higher education by  authoring the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act, and he has helped  Americans obtain good-paying jobs by strengthening workforce  development programs.   Richard was also a member of the bipartisan group that shepherded the  Great American Outdoors Act through Congress. Two years ago, I was  proud to join him when that bipartisan bill was signed into law. This  historic legislation fully funds the Land and Water Conservation Fund  that supports access to the great outdoors for all Americans. It is  preserving and creating recreational opportunities from the Outer Banks  to the Pacific coast.   Perhaps less well-known but also important is the fact that Richard  has been a champion of civil rights. He spearheaded the passage of the  ABLE Act--one of the most important laws for individuals with  disabilities since the Americans with Disabilities Act.   He partnered with Congressman John Lewis, the late civil rights icon,  to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act to  right the wrongs committed against African Americans that were never  investigated.   When in 2010 former Senator Joe Lieberman and I led the fight to  repeal the discriminatory don't ask, don't tell law that prohibited  patriotic Americans from serving in the military due to their sexual  orientation, Richard stepped forward to help ensure that successful  repeal.   As chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard oversaw the  Agencies that helped to keep our Nation safe and ensured that they had  the tools needed to guard against foreign threats.   In addition, as Senator Warner has mentioned, at a time of intense  partisanship, he led the investigation into Russian attempts to meddle  in U.S. elections. He deserves enormous credit for keeping our  committee focused on the task at hand and for producing a fact-based  account of the events surrounding the 2016 election.    There is a final story that I want to end with about Richard, and it  is repeating in many ways what our chairman, Mark Warner, has said.   I, too, have accompanied Richard Burr as he has visited with our men  and women of the intelligence community at stations around the world.  He doesn't just receive the intelligence briefings, as you would  expect. No. He goes beyond that. He makes the effort to thank each and  every one of our intelligence community's staff, who are serving in  stations, sometimes in dangerous conditions, often being separated from  their families or enduring hardship. He thanks each and every one of  them. That tells you a lot about who Richard Burr is.   Richard, thank you for your countless contributions to the U.S.  Congress and to our Nation. I join your friends and colleagues in  wishing you and Brooke all the best in the years to come.   