 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  268, which will preserve The Palo Alto Battlefield National Historic  Park. The preservation and expansion of the Palo Alto Battlefield will  continue to provide access, and encourage public understanding of this  historically important site.   I support this legislation because the Palo Alto Battlefield National  Historic Park marks the 1846 clash of Mexican and U.S. troops,  preserves the battle site, and includes history tours. The park  preserves the site and informs visitors about its national and  international importance. The Mexican-American war of 1846-1848 gained  the great state of Texas its independence. This bill will authorize the  donation of the park and grant the authority to the United States to  implement a boundary to preserve in perpetuity of the history of a key  notable battle that changed the map of North America.   Specifically, H.R. 268 adjusts the boundary of the Palo Alto  Battlefield National Historical Park in Texas by including  approximately 166 acres of land donated to the U.S. that will be  identified on the map titled Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical  Park, Proposed Boundary Addition, Fort Brown Unit (2018), when the land  is donated to the United States.   Finally, the bill authorizes the transfer of property from the  International Boundary and Water Commission to the National Park  Service (NPS) to be part of the Palo Alto Battlefield National  Historical Park. The identified land was the site of Fort Brown, a  crucial outpost during the conflict and which remains the last standing  physical structure associated with the Mexican-American War.   Palo Alto Battlefield was designated as a National Historic Landmark  in 1960, a National Historic Site in 1978, and a National Historical  Park in 2009. Today, the Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park  is the only unit of the NPS focused on the Mexican-American War.   President James K. Polk, in his December 1845 message to Congress,  characterized the recent annexation of Texas by the United States, with  a boundary along the Rio Grande. He had campaigned for the presidency  with a pledge to extend the United States to the Pacific Ocean, and the  addition of the Republic of Texas as the 28th state represented a major  step toward that goal.   Mexico, however, challenged annexation. Although Texas had severed  ties with Mexico in 1836, many Mexican leaders refused to recognize its  independence and denounced the U.S. move as an attack on Mexico. The  Rio Grande River formed the boundary of the new state. Mexico had  always mapped Texas as a much smaller region--bounded in part by the  Nueces River. Polk's call for a Rio Grande border placed a huge expanse  of territory in dispute.   President Polk attempted to force a settlement of the boundary  issues. In the summer of 1845, he sent an envoy to Mexico City to  negotiate an agreement. The tactic failed. In Mexico, hardline Gen.  Mariano Paredes y Arrillaga marched to the capital, seized control of  the government, and announced that he would discuss nothing but the  return of Texas. Clear battle lines had been drawn.   When Mexican and United States troops clashed on the Palo Alto  Battlefield, cannon blasts and musket fire were not the only dangers.  In the field's harsh environment, they also encountered poisonous  snakes and insects, and prickly plants. These natural hazards remain  today.   On May 8, 1846, U.S. and Mexican troops clashed on the coastal  prairie of Palo Alto, where the Rio Grande empties into the Gulf of  Mexico. The ensuing two-year conflict changed the map of North America.  Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park preserves and interprets  the site and memory of that battle, vividly described in dozens of  letters and diaries written by soldiers.   The Palo Alto Battlefield includes 3,400 acres of prairie and dense  chaparral. The battlefield is being restored to its 1846 condition  landscape and its trails, facilities, and visitor services are under  development. The battlefield is located at 7200 Paredes Line Rd. (FM  1847) in Brownsville, TX, just north of the FM 511 intersection.   The Resaca de la Palma and Fort Brown sites, both National Historic  Landmarks, will also be preserved. Today the Resaca de la Palma  Battlefield lies on Paredes Line Rd. in the heart of Brownsville, which  has swallowed up much of the original scene. But 38 acres of the  battlefield survive. In 2011 it became a second unit of Palo Alto  Battlefield National Historical Park.   Fort Brown has suffered over time from the effects of erosion and  levee construction on the Rio Grande. A few earthen mounds near the  Fort Brown Golf Course are all that remain. Palo Alto Battlefield  National Historical Park is cooperating with private and public  partners to preserve Fort Brown for public enjoyment and education.   I ask all members to join me in voting for H.R. 268, to support the  authorization of the donation of the land to the United States to  continue the preservation and expansion of the Palo Alto Battlefield  National Historic Park.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  1908; the ``Ka'ena Point National Heritage Area Act'' which authorizes  the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the  suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Ka'ena  Point National Heritage Area.   Different from national parks, national heritage areas are community- based efforts that preserve and share stories about a region's history  and character. Heritage areas contain a mixture of public and private  property, including towns, historic sites, parks, trails, commercial  districts, and even working farms.   National Heritage Areas are a grassroots, community-driven approach  to heritage conservation and economic development. Through public- private partnerships, NHA entities support historic preservation,  natural resource conservation, recreation, heritage tourism, and  educational projects. Leveraging funds and long-term support for  projects, NHA partnerships foster pride of place and an enduring  stewardship ethic.   When an area is designated as an NHA, its inhabitants don't have to  leave. An important aspect of NHAs is that they are intended as a  celebration of a living environment, and they improve the local economy  around them.   The National Parks Service estimates NHAs average $5.50 for every  $1.00 of federal investment, bolstering the local economies through  their unique ``heritage tourism.''   Not only are NHAs economically friendly, but they are also climate  friendly. Many NHAs improve water and air quality in their regions  through restoration projects and encourage people to enjoy natural and  cultural sites by providing new recreational opportunities.   This modern approach to conservation taken by NHAs should influence  the NPS' approach, extending the appreciation for the nexus between the  people and land.   John Muir was a greatly revered conservationist who some consider  partly responsible for the establishment of our National Parks System.  He and former President Theodore Roosevelt went on a camping trip to  Yosemite, and after the trip was done, President Roosevelt was inspired  by his conservationist ideas and thus established the National Parks  System.   As a result of that camping trip, we now have 423 national parks.  While their grandeur and contributions to employment, quality of life,  and national beauty are not to be overlooked, much of the lands these  parks lie on were stolen from indigenous tribes.   For example, Yellowstone National Park. Yellowstone National Park was  created when President Ulysses S. Grant signed into law the Yellowstone  Act of 1872, which created America's first landscape to be ``reserved  and withdrawn from settlement, occupancy, or sale . . . and dedicated  and set apart as a public park or pleasuring-ground for the benefit and  enjoyment of the people.''   Because of this order, the Crow, Blackfeet, Bannock, Nez Perce, and  Shoshone tribes were all removed from Yellowstone, lands they had  inhabited for generations. Recent studies have found additional tribal  claims to the land numbering as high as 27, yet despite this  information there is no redress in sight.   It is worth noting that the NPS has graciously set up programs for  Native students and has increased tribal consultation to exchange  information about park projects and ethnographic resources. The tribes  have requested to participate in resource management and decision- making, to conduct ceremonies and other events in the park, and to  collect plants and minerals for traditional uses.   This is a step in the right direction, but it is a far cry from  justice which has been long denied and overdue for native peoples.   Land sovereignty has always been a false promise the U.S. Government  has offered to its indigenous peoples, which is even more relevant in  the case of indigenous Hawaiians.   Since the illegal overthrow of their government and subsequent  colonization of Hawaii in 1898, indigenous Hawaiians' struggle has not  ended. From the Mauna Kea protests spanning the last few years  concerning an observatory to be placed on sacred land to the Kalama  Valley Protests surrounding evictions of farmers from their lands to  build a resort in the 1970s, indigenous Hawaiians have endlessly fought  for self-preservation and self-determination as they were promised, and  the fight will continue.   Their fight will be aided by the passage of the Ka'ena Point National  Heritage Area Act. I am grateful that Representatives Case and Kahele  have committed to fully involving all engaged communities, including  native Hawaiians.   It is for that reason, Mr. Speaker, that I rise in strong support of  H.R. 1908, the Ka'ena Point National Heritage Area Act and urge my  colleagues support for the Act.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1931 the  Japanese American Confinement Education Act that would provide  education to elevate understanding about the confinement of Japanese  Americans during World War II. In addition to a museum-based  educational program, this bill would permanently reauthorize the  Japanese American Confinement Sites Preservation Program.   H.R. 1931 will direct the Department of the Interior to establish a  program of grants to Japanese American museums to educate about the  confinement of Japanese Americans as a means to understand the  importance of democratic principles, the use and abuse of power, and to  raise awareness about the importance of cultural tolerance toward  Japanese Americans.   Two months after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor in 1941, President  Roosevelt signed an Executive Order that authorized the relocation of  Japanese Americans, most of whom were U.S. citizens, to designated  camps nationwide.   Teaching about the incarceration of Japanese Americans during WWII  would emphasize the importance of understanding the terrible social  injustices that have been inflicted upon racial and ethnic minority  groups in the United States.   Highlighting this subject would create a thoughtful, deep awareness  about our community, our world, and ourselves.   We must teach that the incarceration of Japanese Americans was wrong,  and that racism is wrong.   This sort of hysteria may occur again, and people must do their part  to make sure that it never happens again.   Iluminating and confronting the tragedy inflicted upon Japanese  Americans during WWII can help shape the citizens who will lead us into  a more socially aware future.   Keeping the memories of incarceration alive also gives Japanese  Americans the ability and responsibility to speak out when other groups  are unfairly targeted on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender,  sexuality, or other identity.   My former colleague Congressman Norman Mineta, who represented the  constituents of California's 13th and 15th Congressional districts, is  a survivor of the Heart Mountain internment camp near Cody, Wyoming.   In his remarks during a House debate on the passage of the Civil  Liberties Act, he exclaimed that he, and all the other prisoners,  ``lost [their] most basic human rights. [Their] own government had  branded [them] with the unwarranted stigma of disloyalty which clings  to [them] still to this day.''   Secretary Mineta helped lead the efforts to pass the Civil Liberties  Act, which offered a formal apology from the United States Government  for its policies toward Japanese Americans and paid each of the 80,000  living survivors $20,000 in compensation.   His tenacity and faith led him to become a member of Congress for 20  years, Secretary of Commerce under President Bill Clinton, and  Secretary of Transportation under President George W. Bush.   It is our duty as Members of Congress to honor and commemorate  Secretary Mineta, and all other survivors of this unjust racial attack,  by passing this bill and educating everyone on these atrocities to  ensure nothing like this will ever happen again.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 3113, the ``Modernizing Access to Our Public Land Act,'' or the  MAPLand Act, which will make it easier for every American to access  data for outdoor recreation possibilities.   It directs the Department of the Interior, the Forest Service, and  the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to jointly develop and adopt standards  to ensure compatibility among federal databases for the collection and  dissemination of outdoor recreation data related to federal lands.   The Department of the Interior, the Forest Service, and the Corps of  Engineers must digitize and publish geographic information system  mapping data that includes:   federal interests, including easements and rights-of-way, in private  land;   status information as to whether roads and trails are open or closed;   the dates on which roads and trails are seasonally opened and closed;   the types of vehicles that are allowed on each segment of roads and  trails;   the boundaries of areas where hunting or recreational shooting is  regulated or closed; and   the boundaries of any portion of a body of water that is closed to  entry, is closed to watercraft, or has horsepower limitations for  watercraft.   The MAPLand Act's stipulations will provide essential information to  all Americans who wish to spend time on our beautiful public lands.   Because of the provisions in this bill, Americans will have the most  up to date information about the trail they wish to hike, stream or  lake they wish to fish on, or regulations of grounds on which they wish  to hunt.   This ensures that all Americans will be safe while exploring our  great outdoors, making this legislation's passage of the utmost  necessity.   This bill would also allow our agencies to manage and plan more  effectively while also reducing the potential for access-related  conflicts between recreators and private landowners. Simply put, this  legislation promises to help more people get outdoors.   Currently, more than 9.52 million acres of land in the West lack  permanent and legal access points for public use, and information on  these lands is still kept on paper files.   Approximately 5,000 of the Forest Service's 37,000 recorded easements  have been digitized and uploaded to an electronic database. The MAPLand  Act would help give federal land management agencies the resources they  need to digitize these files for public use, as well as require these  agencies to provide information on seasonal vehicle restrictions on  public roads and trails, hunting boundaries, and watercraft  restrictions.   Madam Speaker, it is for these reasons that I strongly support H.R.  3113, the MAPLand Act and therefore urge my colleagues to support this  legislation as well.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me  the time.   I rise in strong commitment and recognition of this healing garden  legislation, H.R. 4380, and I thank my colleagues, Congresswoman  Escobar, whose legislation it is, Congressmen Castro and Grijalva, and  the gentleman from Arkansas for recognizing, first of all, that we  stand united in the acknowledgment of the pain and violence that these  families experienced and the tragedy of someone coming to target  innocent families and children and bestowing upon innocent persons that  they were invading this country, this country who has the Statute of  Liberty that says bring us your tired and your weary.   I want to congratulate Congresswoman Escobar for the leadership that  she gave and the strength that she showed. I saw her as I traveled to  El Paso. She truly exhibited ``El Paso strong'' as so many of us came  to mourn with her. We were broken, but we were resolved that we would  never stand for this again. It was a terrorist act, and it was against  people simply because of their race and their ethnic background.   I visited those in the hospital who were wounded, some of whom died  later. I attended funerals where families lost mothers and fathers. I  will never forget this enormous and devastating tragedy and the  viciousness of this act.   So I rise to support this legislation, to say never again, and to  thank Congresswoman Escobar for reminding us that we are Americans and  this violence and this hatefulness will not stand. We ask those in  leadership positions to not call names of people who are of backgrounds  they don't understand.   Let us stand in prayer and unity for the families in El Paso.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  5001, ``the Upper Colorado and San Juan River Basins Recovery Act''  which extends through FY2024 the authority of the Department of the  Interior to implement construction of facilities for the endangered  fish recovery programs for the Upper Colorado and San Juan River  basins. The bill also extends through FY2022 the deadline for the  submission of the report on the recovery implementation programs.   The Upper Colorado River Basin is home to 14 native fish species,  including the endangered humpback chub, bonytail, Colorado pikeminnow,  and razorback sucker. These endangered fish are found only in the  Colorado River system.   The Recovery Program is a unique partnership of local, state, and  federal agencies, water and power interests, and environmental groups  working to recover endangered fish in the Upper Colorado River Basin  while water development proceeds in accordance with federal and state  laws and interstate compacts.   The Upper Colorado River Endangered Fish Recovery Program was first  established in 1988 to help bring four species of endangered fish back  from the brink of extinction: the humpback chub, bonytail, Colorado  pikeminnow, and razorback sucker.   This bill will protect those 14 endangered fish species in the Upper  Colorado and San Juan River Basin and allow critical water  infrastructure projects to continue.   The Colorado River provides water to nearly 40 million people, flows  through 9 National Parks, and drives a $1.4 trillion economy. If the  Colorado River basin were a country, it would be the world's 7th  largest by economic output.   On average, 90 percent of streamflow in the Colorado River Basin  originates in the Upper  [[Page H3732]]  Basin, which is the area above Lees Ferry, Arizona. This water has a  multitude of uses that include irrigation, municipal and industrial  purposes, mining activities, recreation, and supporting habitat for  livestock, fish and wildlife.   The Colorado River Basin also has an immense capacity to generate  hydropower. Hundreds of hydroelectric dams along the river's main stem  and tributaries have a combined generating capacity of approximately  4,178 megawatts, making it part of the solution for combatting climate  change.   But the river is stretched to its limit. Climate change and  increasing water demand due to an expanding population is and will  continue present significant challenges that if left unaddressed, will  impact regional and national economies, degrade the environment,  challenge agricultural heritage and food production, and limit  recreational opportunities from fishing and boating to skiing.   Protecting this river basin and its biodiversity is therefore of the  utmost importance. Without its biodiversity, this river basin will be  thrown out of equilibrium and cease to function and subsequently  provide as it has for centuries.   This would create a humanitarian disaster for 40 million people and  economic disaster for countless more, in addition to the loss of  incomparable natural beauty and endangered life.   However, under the leadership of Secretary Deb Haaland, whom I hold  in the highest regard, I am certain that these 14 species of fish and  in turn the Colorado River Basin can be saved, averting unquestionable  disaster for millions.   This Act is common sense, bipartisan, and ultimately needed  legislation that I am proud to support. It is for that reason that I  urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5001, The Upper Colorado and San  Juan River Basins Recovery Act.   