 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Scott and  Ranking Member Keller from the State of Pennsylvania for their support  of this much-needed legislation.   Alcohol and substance misuse is a devastating issue across the  country and on college campuses. It steals the dreams and futures of  too many of our community.   I lost two brothers to addiction--alcohol and drug misuse. That  misuse began during their time in college. My family has never  recovered from the loss of those two beautiful brothers of mine, and I  understand all too well the pain substance misuse inflicts on students,  their families, and their communities. Sadly, my family's story is not  unique in New Mexico or across this country.   Since the start of the pandemic, States have reported increased  numbers of drug overdoses. Campuses have reported increased mental  health concerns in students as well. College students who deal with  substance misuse and addiction often find themselves isolated and  without a support network.   Congress has an opportunity to address this serious issue by making  sure that colleges and universities support students through strong  prevention and recovery programs. I don't want to see another headline  or obituary of a promising young person lost to overdose.   That is why I introduced the bipartisan Campus Prevention and  Recovery Services for Students Act along with Representatives Dusty  Johnson, Lucy McBath,   John Joyce, and   Michael Guest. I would also  like to acknowledge Representative   David Trone who is co-chair of the  Bipartisan Mental Health and Addiction Task Force of which I am also a  member. He led this bill during last Congress.   Our bill will help to cut the chains of addiction and unlock access  to treatment and prevention for countless students across the United  States. Specifically, it will reauthorize the drug and alcohol abuse  prevention provision of the Higher Education Act to promote evidence- based prevention and intervention strategies on college campuses. I  have met with college students across my district to hear from them  what is needed. What is needed is what is in this bill.   It encourages campus collaboration and service integration to address  substance use and mental health concerns in a holistic manner. The bill  also authorizes $15 million to implement those grants for fiscal year  2023 and the 5 following years.   I was pleased to see my bill pass unanimously during its markup in  the Education and Labor Committee. I thank Chairman Scott and his staff  for working to get this bill to the House floor.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 6493  and to vote ``yes'' in support of our students.   