 Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight to urge my  colleagues to support the Respect for Marriage Act. Today, we took an  important step by passing the procedural hurdle to make sure that  marriage equality is put into law.   This legislation would ensure that both the Federal and State  Governments will continue to recognize all marriages and continue to  not discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, national origin,  ethnicity or race. These are strong protections that are long overdue.   I understand some of my colleagues do not see a need for passing this  legislation, but I would ask them to stand in the shoes of someone in a  marriage that is in danger of being dissolved overnight by a court  decision. The same rationale for overturning Roe v. Wade can be used in  this landmark Supreme Court decision we just saw that could erode  further privacy rights and be used in same-sex marriages.    While marriage equality is constitutionally protected today, the  Supreme Court's reasoning in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health  Organization indicated the Court is open to reconsidering cases that  determine certain fundamental rights are protected under the equal  protection and due process clause of the 14th Amendment.   I believe it is our job here in the Senate to represent the voice of  our constituents, and those voices are loud and clear. An overwhelming  majority of Americans support marriage equality. According to a Gallup  poll, 71 percent of Americans approve of same-sex marriage. In  September, over 220 businesses, representing more than 8.5 million  employees, called on the U.S. Senate to pass this legislation.   And this was not a bill that garnered support from just a few  Republicans for the sake of calling it bipartisan. Forty-seven  Republicans and over 20 percent of the House GOP Members recognized  that this should be enshrined into law and supported the legislation.  It passed the House by a large majority--267 to 157.   Americans support this bill. Businesses support this bill. And now  some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have taken the  step to also support this legislation.   The State of Washington was one of the first 10 States to legalize  same-sex marriage and did so by a vote of the people.   I recently received a letter from a constituent from Everett, WA,  saying that she and her wife moved to Washington in 2016 because ``they  needed to be somewhere where our rights would be protected in the event  that they would be threatened.''   She said: ``As soon as I arrived in Washington, I felt like I had  come home.''   Marriage equality has been protected under Washington State law for a  decade. It has been protected by the Supreme Court for 7 years, and  yet, here in the Senate, there are some who don't believe that we need  to take further protections.   At least 11.5 million people in this country are in an interracial or  same-sex marriage. That is no less than 20 percent of all marriages in  the United States.   With a number like that, we all know someone in one of those  marriages, whether they are our friends, our neighbors, our colleagues.  We know that we need to give them the same certainty, and we know that  codifying marriage equality into law, they will not be in jeopardy of  losing those rights.   Same-sex and interracial couples deserve the assurance that their  marriage will be recognized. They need to know that they will continue  to enjoy the freedom and privileges that are afforded to other couples,  and we need to make sure that this is for generations to come.   The American people want this legislation passed, and I urge my  colleagues to come together and support this very important Respect for  Marriage Act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   