 Our democracy is extraordinary because it is built on the  bedrock idea that, through free and fair elections, the citizens who  make up this great country, well, they have a voice, that each person's  vote truly matters, and in America the people have the power.   But at this moment, our democracy is threatened. Republican State  legislatures and Governors all over the country are writing laws  designed to restrict the right to vote, to make it harder for tens of  millions of eligible citizens to cast their ballots, and silence the  American people's voice in the process.   Make no mistake, this is an unprecedented, coordinated attack to make  voting harder for eligible citizens and make it easier for bad actors  to sabotage our future elections.   In my State of Nevada, we have bucked that trend when it comes to  voting rights. We have strengthened the right to vote, providing easier  access to the ballot box for eligible voters while ensuring fair  elections.   These measures that Governor Steve Sisolak signed into law include  establishing a permanent vote-by-mail system, expanding the early  voting period, and making it more convenient to register and to vote.  But while Nevada has moved forward to protect and strengthen voting  rights, we are not immune from the attempts to sabotage it.   In Nevada, the leading Republican candidate for our secretary of  state stated that he would have refused--I repeat, would have refused-- to certify President Biden's victory in our State, even though the  results were certified by a Republican secretary of state and  unanimously upheld by the Nevada Supreme Court. That same candidate  opened the door to certifying alternate--alternate--electors in future  Presidential elections in Nevada, contrary to the actual election  results.   And in Nevada, the leading Republican candidates for Governor are  promising to undo our progress and make it harder for Nevadans to vote  because they refused to accept the results of the 2020 election.    They are pushing the former President's false conspiracy theories  that fueled the January 6 insurrection. Attacks like these are a  growing threat to democracy and exactly--exactly--the reason we need to  act urgently. If we fail to do so--if we fail to do so here and now-- new State laws will result in hours-long lines at the polls, overturned  election results, and masses of disenfranchised voters.   So let's talk about solutions--smart solutions, solutions that give  every eligible voter equal access to the ballot box.   The Freedom to Vote Act combined with the John Lewis Voting Right  Advancement Act meets this moment. It meets the moment we are in with  our  [[Page S327]]  democracy in crisis. It delivers real, meaningful action.   First, this bill makes it easy for people to register to vote. It  does this by requiring States to allow eligible Americans to register  online and on election day, as well as update our automatic voter  registration system.   This bill would also require States to accurately maintain their  voter registration list and protect voters against unwarranted purges  from the voter rolls. This way, those who should be eligible to vote  can do so without hassle or harassment.   The Freedom to Vote Act gives Americans more choices on when and how  they can legally vote through national standards for early in-person  voting, expanded mail-in voting, and finally, making election day a  national holiday, because even if you are a hard-working American who  is busy working long hours or looking after your children or caring for  a sick relative, you should still have access to the ballot box.   This bill would ensure election security and prevent partisan  sabotage by requiring postelection audits and enhancing--enhancing-- protections for election records.   The Freedom to Vote Act would also take long-needed steps to end  political corruption in our elections. It would accomplish this by  protecting U.S. elections from foreign interference, by prohibiting  false information designed to dissuade eligible voters, by promoting  online ad transparency, and by putting an end--an end--to that dark  money in our elections.   To borrow a few words from the late Congressman John Lewis, my former  colleague from the House, a legendary civil rights leader and American  hero for whom this bill is named, an inspiration to us all and to  people all around the world, John Lewis said: ``The right to vote is  the most powerful . . . tool . . . in a democracy.''   I'm going to repeat those words from John Lewis. Listen closely:  ``The right to vote is the most powerful . . . tool . . . in a  democracy.''   Each person's vote is their voice. It is every citizen's opportunity  to weigh in on what matters most to them, for their family, for their  community, for the country, for the world. It matters. It is  fundamental to our democracy, to the very definition of what it means  to be an American citizen for each and every one of us to stand up, to  stand tall, to get to the ballot box, to be able to vote the way we  choose and have the assurance that our vote is counted. It matters.  Each person matters.   And so if the Senate cannot move forward on this critically important  legislation under the status quo, then it is time to reform the rules,  to restore the Senate, to pass this legislation--because only then can  we protect our democracy's future and secure the freedom to vote for  every eligible American, for this generation and for the generations to  come.   I yield the floor.   