 Madam President, I think you know Senator Sanders and  I debated a number of issues before, but from the beginning, we have  been strongly united on one thing, and that is bringing down costs for  the American people. And that is, as he just said, not one bit radical.   We have joined together to introduce the Cutting Medicare  Prescription Drug Prices in Half Act because that is what we should be  doing. America pays more. The people of this country pay more for their  prescription drugs than any other country in the world. How can that  be, as Senator Sanders has noted, when it is our country, our taxpayers  who are investing in all this research? How can we come up short when  it comes to what our people are paying for drugs?   The examples: In the past 5 years, the cost of Lyrica--a drug that  you see advertised on TV, millions of dollars in ads--a drug that  treats nerve pain or Symbicort, an asthma medication, increased almost  50 percent. What is the result of these kinds of increases? Nearly 20  percent of older adults have reported not taking their medicines as  prescribed because of the cost.   Last month alone, drug companies hiked the price of 742 drugs in  America. What do we do? We sit. We sit; we talk about it; and we are  not taking action.   That is why Senator Sanders and I are putting our bill in today. We  would love to spend the week debating it. We would like to move to this  bill so we can get this done. We know that prescription drug prices in  the United States are more than 250-percent higher than other  industrialized nations.   What is our simple solution? The VA, the U.S. Department of Veterans  Affairs, that we empower with the lives of our veterans and their  healthcare--they negotiate the prices of the drugs they purchase and  dispense for our Nation's veterans. One report found that the VA price  is often half as much as what Medicare pays. Why? It is simple. The VA  negotiates for prices; Medicare doesn't.   I kind of think--and Senator Sanders and I know this well--that 46  million seniors in America could get a pretty good deal if you allow  the government to negotiate on their behalf, a good deal for the  taxpayers of this country, for people who care about deficits, for  people who care about the bottom-line budget, and a good deal for  customers.   Guess what. It wouldn't just help seniors because that is such a  large block of customers in this country that it would bring down the  drug costs for everyone.   The stories in my State--people like Claire from St. Paul. When the  cost of the prescription drug she relied on to manage her rheumatoid  arthritis jumped from $60 a month to $1,400 per month, she could no  longer afford it. In her words, her arthritis became so bad that she  could barely handle a fork and a knife or the young man who is the  manager of a restaurant, a full-time job. When he aged off his parents'  insurance, what happened to him? You know this story, Madam President.  He started to ration his insulin. He had severe diabetes, and he died.  His mother has made her life about getting better drug prices.   Senator Sanders and I believe you start with the biggest buying  block. You start with seniors. You get that negotiation going, and it  will make a big difference.   For people who believe in free markets and negotiation and  competition, I don't know how you can say no to this proposal. It is  time to allow this to be debated to move forward with this bill. Let's  get it on the floor and call it up for a vote.   Thank you, Senator Sanders.   