 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 8294, the appropriations  minibus for fiscal year 2023.   I really want to start out my remarks, Mr. Chair, by saying what a  joy it is to work with my counterpart, Judge Carter, as our ranking  member. He and I really worked hand in glove. We are personal friends,  and we worked very closely together, along with the ranking member, Ms.  Granger, and Ms. DeLauro. In a very divisive process, it is really nice  to have met and befriended someone like Judge Carter. I wish him the  best.   By now, we all know President Biden's wise words: ``Don't tell me  what you value. Show me your budget, and I will tell you what you  value.''   This minibus truly reflects our values, the values of promoting  progress and opportunity, and protecting those who most need it. That  is why I take tremendous pride in this bill as the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee  chair. It is a statement of principled values, especially with its  strong support for veterans, servicemembers, and their families.   We steer $15.1 billion to critical military infrastructure, such as  new barracks and child development centers, and focus on ensuring that  family housing is clear of mold, lead, and contaminants. We invest in  climate and energy resilience projects and devote $200 million to PFAS  contamination cleanup at closed installations.   We provide more to NATO security and support the infrastructure  necessary for wartime, peace, and deterrence operations by bolstering  requirements to confront Russian aggression and protect our European  allies.   This bill improves the quality of life on military installations and  honors servicemembers and their families once they leave these  facilities by ensuring veterans receive the care and support they  earned. We do it by providing the Department of Veterans Affairs with  $135 billion to boost medical research and fully fund medical care. We  make major investments in women's health, mental health, suicide  prevention, and homelessness programs, and we tackle the disability  claims backlog.   The bill also tackles two issues close to my and many Members'  hearts. It includes a prohibition on the painful scientific testing on  dogs and cats, and it also makes permanent VA's authority to offer a  full range of fertility treatment. That means expanding eligibility to  include partners in addition to spouses, removing discrimination  against same-sex couples, and allowing the use of donated sperm and  eggs in IVF.   Outside of MILCON-VA, the Energy and Water bill appropriates a record  $407 million for Everglades restoration. The river of grass is the  lifeblood of south Florida, and the chance to make this level of  historic progress is hugely significant toward our restoration efforts.   I am proud that this bill makes it a priority to reduce the number of  injuries and deaths associated with pools and spas. We will save lives  by increasing funding by pool safety grants to $2.5 million. Drowning  poses a significant public health risk to our Nation's children,  remaining the number one cause of unintentional death for children  younger than 5 years old in this country.   Additionally, the Interior bill reflects the importance of protecting  our coastlines from greedy oil companies by prohibiting the Department  of the Interior from conducting offshore oil and gas leasing activities  along Florida's coasts.   It also funds valuable community projects, and in my district, that  means critical infrastructure, clean transit, and improved water  quality in Hollywood, Southwest Ranches, and Sunrise.   Finally, our values are reflected by how Congress confronts the  dramatic rise in highway fatalities. New data shows we lost ground in  our fight to end drunk driving, the leading cause of highway deaths.  But this bill directs the DOT to take immediate steps to save lives by  requiring the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to issue a  rule requiring all new passenger vehicles to be equipped with advanced  alcohol monitoring technology. This technology will save an estimated  9,400 lives a year. For reference, airbags save 3,000 lives annually.  According to Mothers Against Drunk Driving, this may be the most  significant motor vehicle safety rulemaking ever undertaken in terms of  the lives it can save.  [[Page H6740]]    We have a chance to enhance, improve, and save millions of lives by  passing this minibus, and I respectfully urge my colleagues to support  these cherished American values.   Lastly, Mr. Chair, I thank my incredible staff for all the work that  they did to bring this remarkable piece of legislation to the floor.   