 Mr. President, the mountain Americans have to climb to  make ends meet keeps getting steeper and steeper as a result of  Bidenomics.   Since President Biden began his reckless tax-and-spending spree,  prices are sky-high for gas, food, housing, and just about everything  else. The administration's own statistics reveal inflation jumped  nearly 10 percent in the last year, the biggest increase in over four  decades.   Democrats keep telling us not to worry and that the problem is only  ``temporary.'' Yet, every month, prices keep climbing and climbing and  climbing. The reason is simple: President Biden's fiscal policies are  driving costs higher and higher.   You may recall I came to the Senate floor a year ago to warn my  colleagues that Bidenomics was causing inflation to spin out of  control. Yet Democrats have ignored the struggles being inflicted on  hard-working Americans and continue to pass one trillion-dollar bill  after another. As reckless spending increased, the value of the dollar  declined, meaning paychecks aren't going nearly as far as they did just  a year ago.   To make matters even worse, the Biden administration's ongoing effort  to end domestic oil and gas production is fueling the elevated price at  the pump, which reached an alltime high of more than $5 per gallon this  summer; and an internal analysis by the Biden administration's own  Treasury Department forecasts that, this fall, gas prices could top $6  a gallon.   I am already hearing from Iowans and Iowa businesses about how folks  aren't even able to afford to drive to work. The problem is becoming  even more difficult since Bidenomics is driving up the sticker prices  on cars to record highs. The actual retail price for a new vehicle is  $48,000, and if that sounds like a lot, the cost of buying a home has  also reached an alltime high of $416,000. It is no surprise fewer  people are buying homes. Then look at rent. It has also hit a record  high of nearly $1,900 a month. These unpredictable prices have everyone  asking themselves if ``The Price is Right.''   Folks, Americans shouldn't have to play guessing games about whether  or not their paychecks can be stretched far enough to avoid going over  a financial cliff. Each bill the Democrats have passed as part of the  Biden agenda has increased costs for working Americans while moving our  Nation closer and closer to the edge of the fiscal cliff.   Consider that when Joe Biden was inaugurated as President in January  2021, the inflation rate was only 1 percent. After their so-called  COVID relief bill--which cost $1.9 trillion--was passed in March of  last year, the inflation rate moved up to nearly 3 percent.   In July, President Biden claimed the quickly increasing prices were  ``temporary'' and that his big spending plans would result in lower  prices for Americans, but by the time the President signed his $1  trillion, so-called infrastructure bill in November, inflation had  climbed to almost 7 percent.   In December, President Biden said inflation had reached its ``peak.''  He was wrong once again, and, today, inflation is more than 9 percent.   This isn't a cliffhanger, folks. We all know where this is headed.  Step by step, President Biden's reckless tax-and-spend policies are  taking us closer and closer to going over the cliff, and yet the  Democrats are still trying to outbid each other with another trillion- dollar, budget-busting, partisan package that would raise taxes on  small businesses and increase prices for everyone.   That is right, folks. Bidenomics is driving up the costs of  everything, and the Democrats' solution is to spend even more of your  hard-earned money to pay for more of their pricey, partisan pet  projects. Any more Bidenomics will push the economy over the fiscal  cliff and into a recession.   It is time to take a step back and stop the wasteful Washington  spending, which is the only way to make these prices come on down.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, here we  are again--another day, another sympathetically titled bill offered by  my Democratic colleagues wherein the talking points don't really give  you the full story--case in point, the Right to Contraception Act.   The so-called Right to Contraception Act purposefully goes far beyond  the scope of contraception. It includes provisions that could guarantee  the funding of abortion providers and that defines ``contraceptive'' in  such a broad way that it could include drugs to induce an abortion  weeks or months into a pregnancy. This definition also could include  non-FDA-approved drugs that would actually put a woman's health at  risk.   The bill also flies in the face of decades of work in providing for  conscience protections. It would require organizations to administer  contraceptives despite their moral or religious beliefs.   There is something insidious with this bill, but don't take it from  me. Look to the bill's text itself. The ``findings'' section of this  bill notes the work of an organization that many of my colleagues will  recognize: The United Nations Population Fund. This is the same  organization that contributed over $10 million to a mass sterilization  campaign in Peru in the nineties.   That campaign was rife with coercive practices: Quotas were set; cash  bonuses were paid to health workers for each client sterilized; and  poor women were bribed with nutritional supplements and clothes for  their children.   Then let's not forget the former Population Fund executive director's  high praise of China's one-child policy.   But let's be clear here. Routine-use contraceptives should be more  easily available, and the fact that they aren't has the biggest impact  on women in rural areas, where a doctor could be dozens of miles away.  A woman in a rural area doesn't need a platitude-filled messaging bill  like the one we have here. She needs over-the-counter access to  routine-use birth control. Luckily, Republicans have a solution.   My bill, the Allowing Greater Access to Safe and Effective  Contraception Act, incentivizes manufacturers of contraceptives to file  an application for over-the-counter access. It also allows priority  review for these applications and waives the FDA filing fee. That means  cheaper, quicker, and more available access for women across this  Nation.   With my bill, women 18 and over can walk into their local pharmacies,  whether they be in Sidney, IA, or in the deepest parts of Manhattan,  and get the routine-use birth control they need.   When your doctor is 30 miles away and gas is $6 a gallon, you don't  need a messaging bill; you need access.   Therefore, I object.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4638, which is at the  desk; further, that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.   