 Mr. President, I have had an opportunity to listen  closely to my friend Senator Kaine, who asked the important question  about voting rights, about when--when are we going to act? And that is  a question that is something that we, each of us, need to ask ourselves  is ``when.'' But I think we also need to keep in mind the ``how'' we  act because I think how we act is important--because I think we  recognize that when we act unilaterally as a party on issues that are  of great weight and great political debate in this country, that  solutions to these difficult problems come best when we are able to be  working together.   I know that we are very fractured in this body, and it has made it  hard, but hard does not mean it is impossible. It is only impossible if  we give up, and we say it can't be done.   To my friend from Montana--and I appreciate the commonsense words of  a man of the earth, a good farmer--amen to what you said about this  body and our dysfunctionality. We are not the same Senate that I came  to close to 20 years ago. I beat you by about 5 years, 6 years. We are  not that same body. We are not operating in the manner with which I  think we really were designed to be--that tempering body, that  deliberative body. We are supposed to be the world's greatest  deliberative body, and we don't demonstrate that on any single day out  there.  [[Page S290]]    But I question whether or not changing the rules actually works to  change the attitude because that is what I think we have going on here.  The rules have been in place for a long while. It is just how we have  chosen to utilize them to our advantage and to the disadvantage of the  other side, and that is unfortunate.   I don't know how--it is much easier, I think, to change the rules  than it is to change attitude. It is much easier to try to do things  alone than to try to build consensus. Just ask any one of the 10 of us  who worked tirelessly last year to advance a bipartisan infrastructure  bill. There were so many points along the way where any one of us or  any half of the group could have said: We are done. This is just too  hard. We are never going to make progress.   But just because it is hard doesn't mean it is impossible.   The Senator from Montana urged us all to read the measure before us,  the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act, now pending before the Senate.  It has a few new things that have been added in, but much of it is what  we saw previously with the Freedom to Vote Act.   I voted against that motion for cloture when it came before us  because I looked at that as being a bill that was overly prescriptive.  In my view, it really did work toward nationalizing elections. I come  from a State where things are just a little bit different there. You  hear me talk about it all the time. Part of it is dictated by the  geography. Part of it is dictated by an indigenous population where the  language that is on the ballot doesn't align with what they speak at  home and how we address matters like that.   What has happened with this measure in front of us is it has been  combined with the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, which I  have worked on in good faith with good colleagues whom I respect  enormously, and I appreciate that we have been able to sit down. In  fairness, much of the good work goes to our respective staffs who sat  down and said: All right, can we do a little bit over here? What do we  need to do over here? And we made some progress. We made enough  progress that I was certainly willing to vote to advance debate here on  the Senate floor on that measure.   I recognize that not everybody sees the value and the benefits of  preclearance. I recognize what the courts did in Shelby, but I also  heard, as Senator Kaine said, the courts saying: All right, legislative  branch, do something about it now.   So I have been willing to be part of that discussion, not only this  Congress but in previous Congresses, where I have joined with Chairman  Leahy to try to advance that conversation. We haven't been as  successful as I would have liked, but I certainly think we made good  progress with the John Lewis voting rights bill.   We had a substitute. As I look through this bill, it looks like much  of that substitute has been incorporated, including the Native American  Voting Rights Act, which I worked hard on in the Indian Affairs  Committee with Chairman Schatz to try to make that as robust as we  possibly can. I have done all this because I do believe--I do believe-- that this Senate should pass a reauthorization of the Voting Rights  Act, but I also believe that it must be a bipartisan effort.   It has been 16 years since we last addressed the Voting Rights Act.  We need to do more than just talk about it; we need to ensure that the  ballot is equal for all Americans and free from any discrimination. It  is pretty simple for me in that regard. And wherever you have  uncertainty, wherever you have ambiguity in the laws that govern our  Federal elections, we need to clarify these. We need to clarify these  so that there aren't these open questions or perhaps cynical  interpretations that would go with them.    So how do you do it? Because this is all hard stuff. We acknowledge  that. We acknowledge that. You really do have to do it coming together  to try to hear the objections.   As I look at the measure that we have before us, I am not convinced  that we are there yet. I am not convinced that we are there yet with  the product that we have. I will absolutely agree that there are some  good--I think there are some important provisions in the measure that  we have in front of us. But what we are faced with today, or later  today, is going to be a take-it-or-leave-it vote and then an effort to  change how we approach hard issues.   Before I get into my comments in that vein, I do want to look at and  highlight what I think are some of the positives that we have in place  because--I think of a collaborative effort, but because we have shared  observations, we have shared views on what some of these solutions may  be, and I think that these can help us in anchoring a more broadly  supported bill.   The measure features transparency provisions that require public  notice of changes to State voting rules for Federal elections. I think  we would all say: Yes, this is important. This is common sense.   It has changes to electoral district boundaries for elections at all  levels, information about precincts and polling places for Federal  elections. These are things that I think there is consensus here. We  have stronger protections, necessary protections for voters during  registration and voting as well as protections for election workers,  polling places, election infrastructure.   The measure emphasizes the security of voting systems. I think we  recognize, again, this is imperative. It has to be a priority. If we  are going to thwart any malign actors out there, maintain confidence in  election results, we have to have this.   Important to me, it extends the bilingual election requirements of  the Voting Rights Act for 5 years. It also includes the Native American  Voting Rights Act, again, that we worked on in the Indian Affairs  Committee to address, unfortunately, very longstanding obstacles to  voting for American Indians and Alaska Natives.   So there is good stuff, if you will, good measures that are contained  within the bill in front of us.   But we also have some negatives. I think you have heard my colleagues  detail many of them--not only negatives within the text but in terms of  this partisan effort that we have in front of us.   We have a measure that is 753 pages long. We can move through that.  We are not going to say just because it is big doesn't mean that we  can't do it again. But it has come over to us through a shell vehicle.  It is now directly on the legislative calendar. You have, again, this  combination of two bills, plus a few add-ons.   But, unfortunately, neither of these--even with my support of the  John Lewis Voting Rights Act--neither one of these had sufficient  support to pass cloture. Since then, we haven't done anything. I  shouldn't say ``anything'' because there were a few additional  provisions that were included. I don't want to dismiss that. But not  much has been done to build support cooperatively in this body for the  two combined measures, other than to build pressure to, not change the  legislation, not to modify it, not to gain compromise--but to change  the rules to take it up.   This is a big bill, but one of the things that we don't have  contained in it that many of us have been talking about now for a  period of time is we don't address the Electoral Count Act, which I  think most of us would look at this and say that this is something that  needs to be revised.   We do not need a repeat of 2020 when, by all accounts, our last  President, having lost the election, sought to change the results of  that election by demanding that his Vice President exploit vague  statutory language that was written decades ago. We need to address  this.   The bill before us has some gaps, but at the same time that it has  gaps, it is also pretty prescriptive in many areas. Some of the  previous objections that I had made to the Freedom to Vote Act remain.   I share with my colleagues that I want us to protect voting rights. I  think we should all want to protect voting rights. But my concern is  that, as we look at this measure, is that it is going to make any kind  of a change--any kind of a change that States would make to their  election laws for any reason--extremely difficult to do without being  directly challenged in court.   And maybe--maybe--that is the goal here. But what it does do, in my  view, is deprives States of the flexibility to design and implement  their own laws as the Constitution provides.   Again, I look to my State for some of those very specific examples  where, if I  [[Page S291]]  have a small remote village with perhaps 100 voters and I have a  prescription in Federal law that says a polling place must be open and  available for a period of a week to 10 days with 2 weekends--if you are  out in a village and you are living a sustenance lifestyle, Saturday or  Sunday don't mean anything to you. It is winter. When are the animals  moving? When are the fish moving?   Let's not put limits on our States so that they can't enhance  opportunities for all voters.   So federalization is not the right answer here, and, again, whether  we are talking voting rights or other issues, typically in my State a  one-size-fits-all approach is not the right effort. So we have got to  find an appropriate balance that doesn't result in a takeover of  States' ability to run their own elections, and how we are able to  achieve that balance is important.   So as I talk about my views on the legislation that we have before  us, I am very, very well aware that the results of this effort to push  voting rights was, unfortunately, determined before we began this  debate. We are going to come to a vote on a motion to invoke cloture.  We know what is going to happen. It is going to fail due to a lack of  sufficient support. And then we are going to face some kind of a vote  to change the Senate's rules and weaken the legislative filibuster,  which we also understand will fail. And I guess the point here is to  get folks on record, and that will happen.   But what have we accomplished? What have we accomplished for the  people that we serve? Instead of allowing us as a body to say, ``OK,  what are we going to do to address this,'' we have brought cross-party  relationships to yet another low--perhaps, an unprecedented low.   I was part of a very troubling conversation last evening, and it was  shared that, you know, depending on which side you are on in this body  today on this issue, you are either a racist or a hypocrite. Really?  Really? Is that where we are? I find that so, so hard and so troubling,  because when it becomes that deep and that divided where we cannot have  the debate that my friend from Montana says we need--and I agree we  need--but if we are so, so divided, this is not right. This is not good  for the health of the body.   But what has happened here is we have devolved into a debate over  voting rights versus voting rules, and you have got part of the country  that thinks this bill is about protecting the right to vote. Another  part believes that this bill will do nothing but undermine it. And so  we are both sitting in a situation, I think, where both sides are now  set to cast doubt on elections if they don't win. And that takes us to  a very troubling place, because when people doubt whether their vote  matters, when they doubt whether that individual who is sitting in the  White House was freely and fairly elected, they will doubt all  decisions. They will doubt what we do here, and they will doubt their  own democracy. And that is troubling for our Nation.   So I refuse to believe that this is the best that we can do right  now. As I said, this is hard, but hard is not impossible. I think that  we can, if we are operating in good faith, as there are so many in this  body who do that on a daily basis--it doesn't get noted because, quite  honestly, it is far more interesting to write about the fur that flies  around here, rather than us actually making things happen together.   But the effort to change our rules, to pass legislation on a party- line basis is not going to help us here. It is not going to help us  here. I think we need to do everything that we possibly can to avoid  further polarizing voting rights and election reforms.   It may be too late. I don't know. It may be just too late, but I  think we have to try. I think that we have to try. And I think that  there is an effort to try to do just that. There is a good handful of  people in this body on both sides of the aisle who have been talking  this, through kind of following the model of what we did with the  bipartisan infrastructure group.   You know, when we first started that effort, nobody believed that we  would be successful with that. Probably, most listening to the debate  that is going on now and will go on later all throughout the afternoon  don't believe that we can do anything. But let's prove them wrong.  Let's prove them wrong. Let's sit down with those who have made that  commitment--we have heard it here on the floor--made that commitment to  work through some of these issues, some of these areas of common ground  that I think we can build a base from, and work to build a foundation  that will be enduring for this country when it comes to election reform  and voting rights, because I fear greatly that if we are to advance  measures that are solely, strictly party line--and that is what  eliminating the legislative filibuster will allow us to do--we will  take the easy way out.   Senator Tester suggested that maybe we are getting a little  legislatively lazy around here. We will get even lazier, because we  don't have to do the hard work of trying to find consensus. Elections  and voting rights are so important. We understand that. Let's commit to  resolving the issues that divide us, that will not only help bring this  Congress closer together, but that just possibly, just hopefully--and  maybe I, too, am naive, Senator Kaine--but that just possibly can help  heal this country, because that is what we need right now.   I yield the floor.   