 Madam President, I also rise today to pay tribute to  someone who is literally a friend across the aisle and across State  lines.   Now, you might not think that the senior Senator from Michigan, a  Democrat, and the junior Senator from Ohio, a Republican, would be  friends. After all, our States share a long and passionate rivalry,  particularly on the football field.   This rivalry is especially intense on game day, like recently, when  the Michigan Wolverines defeated Ohio State Buckeyes 45 to 23. I am  just saying.   I particularly, Senator Portman, wanted to say this out loud to make  sure Senator Brown heard it also.   Of course, my friend Rob Portman may have been cheering. And he may  never really say this, but, you know, I am often wondering if, behind  the scenes, he is sort of cheering both sides on that because he has  never advertised it and he has never said it up to this point, but let  me say today that he is a graduate of the University of Michigan Law  School. Now that he is retiring, maybe he can say it out loud. So we  are glad to have him there.   Senator Portman has been a wonderful partner on issues important to  both of our States, both Great Lakes and trade.   We have served as cochairs of the Senate Great Lakes Task Force since  2017, and we have gone to bat together on behalf of our beloved lakes  time and time again.   We have introduced and passed legislation to stop invasive species  from reaching and destroying our Great Lakes. When the Trump  administration tried to slash nearly all the funding for the Great  Lakes Restoration Initiative, we fought back together and we won. And  since then, we have passed legislation to reauthorize the program and  celebrated when we secured $1 billion through the bipartisan  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the single largest investment  ever for the Great Lakes. And it would not have happened without  Senator Portman.   I have always said that the Great Lakes shouldn't be a partisan  issue, and thanks to Rob, they have not been.   We found ways to work together on the issue of trade as well. We  fought for American workers when we served together in the House and  then continued a strong working relationship when Senator Portman left  to become the U.S. Trade Representative under President Bush.   In the Senate, we have partnered to ensure that American workers have  a level playing field. That included a great congressional delegation  trip to Vietnam and South Korea, where we met with trade officials,  Senator Portman and I, and I got to see how much he is respected by  these world leaders.   From strengthening our supply chains to securing funding to  revitalized communities to promoting recycling to planting trees to  funding our community health centers to keeping plastic pollution out  of the Great Lakes--there is no end to the number of issues we have  worked on together.   Rob, I am going to miss you. I have so valued your friendship and  working relationship here. You have made a real difference, but I know  you are going to enjoy spending more time with Jane and Jed and Will  and Sally and watching more Michigan games that you can finally admit  you enjoy.   I wish you the best of everything and hope we are going to continue  to see you.   I yield the floor.   