 Madam Vice President, I rise today with my Democratic  colleagues in support of one fundamental idea, the cornerstone of our  democracy: that every eligible citizen of this country has the right to  vote and have their vote counted.   Cut to the chase, and that is what this about.   Passing the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act would mean saying yes to basic, commonsense standards  for free and fair elections; safeguarding our constitutional right to  choose our own representatives; and going after dark money in our  politics.   Failing to pass these bills means we will continue to allow  Republican State legislatures to undermine our democracy by suppressing  some people's access to their constitutional right to vote, based on  who they are, where they live, and whether they are likely to vote  Republican.   Today on the Senate floor, not a single Republican Senator is willing  to join us Democrats in support of the Freedom to Vote Act and these  commonsense standards for free and fair elections. This is a tragedy.   I have been listening to their arguments, and to be honest, they just  don't hold water. Republicans argue that the Freedom to Vote Act is a  ``Federal takeover of elections,'' or a power grab. This is ridiculous.   The Freedom to Vote Act preserves States' constitutional right to  prescribe the ``times, places, and manner of holding elections,'' while  ensuring that elections must meet basic standards that allow Americans  to exercise their right to vote and to have their votes counted, free  from discrimination.   Congress shares the constitutional responsibility for preserving our  free and fair elections; article I, section 4, says that, ``Congress  may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations.'' Furthermore,  the 15th, 19th, and 26th Amendments require that we ensure that the  right of our citizens to vote shall not be denied or abridged on  account of race, color, sex, or age.   These State laws that Republican legislatures are passing are clearly  discriminatory to young voters, Black and Latino voters, and Native  voters. Countless studies have shown that these folks are more likely  than White voters to be affected by voter purges, polling place  closures, the restriction of early voting, and strict photo ID  requirements. This isn't an accident or a coincidence. It is the point.   Our job, our constitutional responsibility, is to protect against  discrimination just like this. Passing this bill isn't Federal  overreach; it is our job.   Now, Republicans also argue that their voter suppression techniques  aren't actually oppressive or discriminatory; they are designed to root  out voter fraud. This is not only factually inaccurate--there is no  evidence of widespread voter fraud--it is offensive.   In Ohio, voters in Democratic-leaning neighborhoods were purged from  the voter rolls at twice the rate as in Republican neighborhoods. In  Georgia, a 2018 voter roll purge removed over 50,000 voters. Over 80  percent of them were people of color. Other States, like Texas, have  instituted draconian voter ID laws that disproportionately burden Black  and Latino voters. This is a real problem, not a fake problem.   Colleagues, our voting laws reflect what we believe about who should  have a voice in this country. They tell us who we are.   When Republican State legislatures limit voting hours, close polling  places in Black neighborhoods, and restrict early and absentee voting,  they seek to silence some voices: young people, voters of color, and  voters in poor neighborhoods. When Republicans narrow the window when  people can vote, they make it harder for some folks to exercise their  right to vote--people with multiple jobs or irregular schedules, people  with childcare or transportation challenges, seniors, people with  disabilities, and anyone who can't afford to wait in an hours-long line  at their polling place.   We cannot ignore--or pretend not to see--the line connecting these  discriminatory State laws and the dark history of Jim Crow, our  country's legacy of denying some people, as my colleague Reverend  Warnock says, their constitutional rights.   If we want to make more voices heard, we know what to do. My home  State of Minnesota consistently has the highest voter turnout in the  Nation. This happens because we have strong voting laws that empower  people to make their voices heard while keeping our elections safe and  secure. We have online and same-day voter registration, vote-by-mail  and early voting, and voters have the right to take time off of work to  vote in all State and Federal elections. We have paper ballots to  ensure election integrity. These policies work to expand ballot access  and improve voter turnout. The Freedom to Vote Act would implement many  of them as minimum national standards.   So why are Republicans united in their opposition to this bill? The  simplest answer is they believe they can't win if more people's voices  are heard and counted.   In Georgia in 2020, when Senate Democrats saw voters waiting up to 10  hours to cast their votes and Black voters waiting much longer than  White voters, we wrote a bill that would expand access to early voting,  vote-by-mail, and make election day a Federal holiday. Republican State  legislators in Georgia saw the same thing and passed a law to make it a  crime to give food or water to voters waiting in line, remove drop  boxes, and restrict voting by mail. For the past several years,  Republicans have engaged in a coordinated strategy of voter  suppression. According to the Brennan Center, in 2021 alone, 19 States  passed over 30 laws restricting voting rights.   Today in the Senate, every single Democrat is united in our effort to  protect people's right to vote. And today, all 50 Republicans will  block passage of this voting rights legislation.   We may lose this battle today, which is heartbreaking. It is  maddening that a majority of U.S. Senators, representing 41 million  more people than  [[Page S337]]  our Republican colleagues, cannot pass a bill to make critical election  reforms that are supported by strong majorities of Americans, all  because of an arcane Senate rule. That is just not right, and it is  long past time to fix it. In a democracy, after the debate is done, a  majority of the people decide. That is how it works in township  meetings, in city halls and county board meetings, in State  legislatures, and that is how it should work in the U.S. Senate.   But this fight won't be over today. I have faith that, eventually, we  will win. I have faith, not because I believe in the inevitability of  progress, but because I have faith in the righteousness of this fight,  and I have faith in our democracy.   Dr. King taught us that progress is not a straight line. The story of  change in this country, more often than not, is a story of people  practicing their civic faith through defeat, people doing the work  despite not having the votes, people who keep putting one foot in front  of the other because they believe they will reach their destination,  even if they can't quite see the path to get there. I am honored to  walk that path with the thousands of organizers, activists, and voters  who share that civic faith.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the Freedom to Vote Act and the  John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   