 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to  speak on this important bill, the Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act.   American families are struggling. They are continuing to see rising  gas prices even as oil and gas companies are making record profits.   Higher prices at the grocery store are making it harder to put food  on the table, and a lot of this is because farmers are struggling with  increasing fuel prices. Costs and availability of transportation to  both domestic and export markets continue to be a challenge for the  wheat, cherry, apple, and pear growers in my district.  [[Page H5620]]    This is a global problem, but it is a problem that we can take steps  to ease right here at home. This bill provides the resources to do just  that.   It addresses the cost of fuel by allowing year-round sales of higher  ethanol blends, which are consistently less expensive than higher  octane gas.   It addresses high food prices by helping farmers and helping our  supply chain.   Fertilizer costs are at record highs since most of our fertilizer is  typically sourced from Russia. This bill helps farmers spend less on  inputs without lowering crop yields.   We are paying skyrocketing prices for meat at the grocery store, but  farmers and ranchers don't see any of that additional profit because  four companies control 80 percent of U.S. meat processing. That is  unfair.   This bill expands the availability and capacity of meat processing  and will create new jobs, provide more options for small- and medium- sized ranching operations, and help lower the cost of meat at the  grocery store.   Finally, addressing the cost of trucking and transportation will help  farmers get their crops to market.   The whole goal here is to make life a little easier for the people we  represent, to help you fill up your tank and feed your family. As the  only member on the House Agriculture Committee from the Northwest, I  will continue to do all that I can to support farmers and lower costs  for American families.   