 Mr. President, January 6, 2022, marks 1 year since the  attempted coup at our Nation's Capitol.   I am deeply grateful for the Capitol Police for their heroic acts on  that dark day. The American people will always remember the sacrifices  they made to protect our democracy.   But marking this date has another purpose, too. The January 6  insurrection made painfully clear that American democracy is seriously  at risk. In November of 2020, American citizens braved a deadly  pandemic to cast their ballots. But following that election, the  defeated President refused to commit to a peaceful transfer of power.   Instead, he falsely sowed doubt about the legitimacy of the election  and inflamed his most dangerous supporters to attack this Capitol. His  attempts to cling to power through lies and violence were a violation  of his oath of office and a grave abuse of power that can never be  tolerated in a free and democratic society.   We mark this anniversary not only to reflect on that dereliction of  duty, but also to call out the ongoing efforts to undermine our  democracy.   Threats to our democracy are not new. For years, in State after  State, Republican legislatures have passed laws making it harder to  vote, all on a purely partisan basis with simple majority votes. They  have imposed strict voter ID requirements and purged voter rolls to  disenfranchise minority voters. They have made it harder to vote by  mail and register to vote. They have gerrymandered districts for  partisan political gain.   Over the past year, these shameless efforts have become even more  brazen. Just as the former President was clear that he wanted to  overturn the results of the 2020 election, Trump and his allies are  entirely transparent about their goal of overturning future elections.  Today, Republican opponents of democracy are exploiting every possible  avenue to allow their party to maintain control, even if that means  overturning the will of the American people.   Rather than putting a stop to these attacks on voting rights, the  Supreme Court has enabled them. The Roberts Court gutted the core of  the Voting Rights Act, which is why Republican legislatures right now  can pass anti-voter laws with ease.   Last year, they destroyed what was left of the country's landmark  voting rights law, making it nearly impossible to block laws with  racially discriminatory effects. They twice overturned key protections  against dark money in our elections, and they gave a green light to  partisan gerrymandering.   The Senate must not turn a blind eye while the Federal judiciary and  State legislatures lead an all-out assault against free and fair  elections in America. It is clear that Donald Trump's Republican Party  is embracing an increasingly authoritarian movement.   In 2006, the Voting Rights Act was reauthorized unanimously in the  U.S. Senate. And yet today, only one Republican supports the Voting  Rights Act, and none have endorsed the Freedom to Vote Act. The Senate  filibuster means that Mitch McConnell gets a veto and Congress cannot  protect the sacred right to vote unless Republican politicians agree,  all while they are actively undermining our democracy in State after  State.  [[Page S43]]    My view on this is simple: We did not swear an oath to protect a  procedural rule like the filibuster, which has been the tool of racial  segregation and Jim Crow. No, we swore an oath to defend the  Constitution. When the Senate rules stand in the way of voting rights  legislation, then those Senate rules must change.   A year after an insurrection at our Nation's Capitol, we must do more  than speak up about the importance of democracy. Now, we must act. It  is time to end the filibuster, time to protect voting rights, and time  to defend our democracy.   I yield the floor.   