 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  3372, the One Stop Shop Community Reentry Program Act of 2021. I am  proud to support this bill and thank my good friend and fellow  Californian Congresswoman Bass for her leadership, and Chairman Nadler  and the Speaker for bringing this important bill to the floor.   There are currently about 2 million people living life behind bars in  this country--and the devastating effects of mass incarceration go far  beyond the length of a prison sentence.   The average national recidivism rate is a staggering 49.3 percent  over 8 years, which is largely driven by individuals experiencing  barriers to essential resources after having served their time.   This important legislation will help people get back on their feet as  they reintegrate from incarceration into their communities--a step  toward addressing the realities that drive mass incarceration,  especially in communities of color.   We must end the vicious cycle of mass incarceration. I urge my  colleagues to vote `yes' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  6878, the Protecting the Health and Wellness of Babies and Pregnant  Women in Custody Act of 2022. I am proud to support this bill and thank  my good friend and colleague Congresswoman Bass for her leadership. I  also thank the Speaker and Chairman Nadler for bringing this bill to  the floor.   Our prison system was not designed with the medical needs of women  and pregnant people in mind. This holds especially true for women and  pregnant people of color, who are often subjected to harsher treatment  at more frequent rates.   This bill moves us in the right direction by establishing safeguards  for incarcerated pregnant and postpartum individuals and their children  by guaranteeing access to essential prenatal and post-delivery support.   As a champion of reproductive and women's rights, I hope to continue  joining my colleagues on a bipartisan basis to ensure incarcerated  women and pregnant people have the right to access the quality health  services they deserve.   I urge my colleagues to vote `yes' on this bill.    