 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  3617, the MORE Act.   I thank Speaker Pelosi, Leader Hoyer, and Chairman Neal. And let me  just thank Chairman Nadler for his persistence, his perseverance, and  really hanging in there and bringing this to the floor, because he  knows what the issues are, and he knows how important this is to repair  the damage of the lives of so many people.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Congressman Blumenauer, my partner on so  many issues and, of course, our Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Perlmutter,  who is in the Chair today, and everyone who has helped to bring this to  the floor.   Mr. Speaker, my condolences today are with the family of our  colleague, the late Representative Don Young, a champion on this issue.  I honor his memory today as the founding member and co-chair of the  Cannabis Caucus, who voted for the MORE Act the first time it came to  the floor.   Also, let me thank our advocates for educating the public on this  issue, which, of course, helped our Members of Congress learn more  about the importance of this, that this is also a racial justice bill.  It is the product of the work of so many for a long time.   Mr. Speaker, of course, I salute our staff, Amy, Julie, Samira,  Gregory, Kayla--so many staff. As a former staff member, look, I know  how this was done, so I thank our staff for really doing the heavy  lifting on this.   Mr. Speaker, the MORE Act, yes, it includes my legislation, the  Marijuana Justice Act, and the REFER Act, which is the first marijuana  racial justice bill introduced in Congress many years ago. This bill  would end Federal prohibition and decriminalize cannabis by removing it  from the list of the Controlled Substances Act. That is what the MORE  Act does.   Make no mistake, yes, it is a racial justice bill. According to the  ACLU, Black Americans are nearly four times more likely to be arrested  for cannabis-related crimes than White Americans, despite equal rates  of use. These arrests can have a detrimental impact on a person's  quality of life and can lead to difficulty finding employment.    Mr. Speaker, it is a multibillion-dollar  industry also that brings tax revenue of billions to our States. Over  950 are people arrested daily for marijuana-related offenses. This is  truly unjust. So we must end this failed policy of marijuana  prohibition, which has led to the shattering of so many lives,  primarily Black and Brown people. And yes, that is extremely important.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to repair the damage. It is time to provide  equal justice for those who have been unduly incarcerated. Public  opinion supports this.   In fact, over 50 years ago, the National Commission on Marijuana and  Drug Abuse, or the Shafer Commission, formally recommended to Congress  this be done. We are doing it today.   