 Mr. President, this morning, I have been listening  to my colleagues, watching the news, watching our President, and  reflecting on this day a year ago and where I was during this  incredible insurrection that we now know happened on the Capitol.   I was in my Capitol office here, as we all have an office here in the  Capitol. I was getting ready to come to the floor of the Senate and  certify that Joe Biden had won the Presidency in a free and fair  election. The senior Senator from Minnesota had organized many of us to  stand in defense of that free and fair election, and I had been asked  to stand in defense of the certified electoral votes in Arizona. And  what I had been told, they were going to challenge Nevada. It was a  significant moment.   Even before President Biden's victory, people had been spreading lies  about the election for political gain, and I had planned to deliver a  speech to combat those lies and explain in detail that the 2020 vote  count was fair and accurate. So as I left my Capitol office and was  walking to the Senate to deliver that speech, it became clear that  something unprecedented was happening, because on my way out of my  Capitol office, I came across two of my colleagues, one of them here  today, Senator Smith, and Senator Murkowski. They were standing outside  an open door to a restroom that we share amongst our Capitol offices,  and I asked them what was going on.   They said: There is a Capitol Police officer in there. He has got  something in his eyes, and he is flushing his eyes out with water.   I leaned in, and I saw the officer at the bathroom sink. I thought to  myself and I said aloud to my colleagues: I think he has been pepper- sprayed.   I asked him: Have you been pepper sprayed?   He said: Yes, but don't worry. Everything is fine. I am going to keep  you all safe.   With that, he dashed back out the door, up the stairs, and outside to  protect all of us and everyone else in this building.   Now, I knew there had been a rally going on near the White House and  that there were protests. What I did not know that morning was just how  close the protesters were to forcing their way into this Capitol.   Now, everyone knows what happened next. As we sat here, all of the  Senators, all of the staff who work with us day in and day out, our  partners, the next thing we heard was this Chamber being shut down by  the Capitol Police, claiming that the Capitol had been breached. They  told us to stay in our seats.   This is the safest place for you to be right now, and we will protect  you.   At that moment, we could all hear outside the doors. We didn't know  what was going on, because we can't see beyond this room, what was  happening outside, but we knew. We could hear the voices, and we could  hear what was happening. We also could hear, outside of the one set of  double doors that we call the hallway with the Ohio Clock that leads to  the Rotunda, a lot of noise. It was at that moment, as the noise was  working its way toward the Rotunda, that the Capitol Police officers  then told all of us to get up and move quickly. We moved out these  opposite doors right here, moved as quickly as we possibly could.   That is when everybody came together, all of the Senators--I don't  care if they were Republican or Democrat--our floor staff who was with  us, grabbing those electoral votes, and we all started going up and  down stairs, through hallways, up and down stairs, through hallways,  until we could get to a secure location.   As we were going through the hallways and when we got to the secure  location, it was clear why this was happening. We were under attack  because insurrectionists had been whipped into a frenzy by the false  claim that the election in Nevada and in other States was fraudulent.  That is exactly what the speakers said during that rally before the  violence began.   We saw the same false claims in Nevada, where extremists tried to  challenge our election results in an effort to prevent Joe Biden from  becoming President. The former President's campaign and his supporters  filed a total of five lawsuits challenging the security of the election  system and targeting our secretary of state in Nevada. Every one of  those lawsuits was thrown out or failed, every single one of them in  Nevada. When the official tally was completed, President Biden won  Nevada by 33,596 votes.   The Nevada secretary of state not only certified the election, she  also investigated each and every claim of election fraud, and she made  clear that her office found no evidence of widespread fraud.   Now, I was the attorney general of the State of Nevada for 8 years,  and I can tell you from personal experience, when we find voter fraud,  we prosecute it. I also know there was, again, no widespread voter  fraud in Nevada in the year 2020.   Let me explain what ``widespread voter fraud'' means because that is  now being challenged by some of the former President's supporters.  ``Widespread'' means that there was not enough to have changed the  results of the election; that it was still a safe and secure election  and Joe Biden is our President. In fact, not only Nevada's elections  were safe, accessible, and secure, but across the country, they have  been proven to be safe, accessible, and secure.   I also want to share with the rest of the country that in my State,  in Nevada, we have enacted important protections for protecting voting  rights, including automatic voter registration, vote by mail, early  voting, and same-day registration. In the 2020 Presidential election,  almost half of Nevadans--people from both parties--took advantage of  our vote-by-mail laws.   But because the defeated former President and his supporters were  upset that he lost the election, some of them publicized the lie that  he had won, and that lie, in turn, spurred members of the public  to violence that resulted in five deaths and countless injuries.    Now, we all know, after the Capitol Police helped us move to safety,  my colleagues and I from both parties talked about what to do. We knew  the insurrectionists were trying to stop us from certifying the  election, and we knew we had to finish our job, no matter how late it  was. We all agreed that we had to go back to the Senate Chamber so that  we could show the rest of the country that we would not let our  democracy be subverted by violence; that we would honor our  Constitution and the peaceful transfer of power in this country.   I want to make this clear. I would have stood up to certify the valid  results of the 2020 election no matter who won. This isn't about  partisanship; it is about patriotism. I took an oath to uphold the  Constitution and protect it against all enemies, foreign and domestic,  and nothing and no one will prevent me from doing that sworn duty.   So I walked back to the Senate floor on the evening of January 6 to  finish  [[Page S63]]  my work. I will remember what I saw for the rest of my life. As I  walked back, furniture had been thrown everywhere like matchsticks.  Trash and broken glass littered the floor. It was like a war zone.   That night, I stood up and spoke in defense of our democracy as I had  planned to do hours before. And at 3:42 a.m., Vice President Pence  announced that Joe Biden was the President-elect.   We honored the Democratic transfer of power for the 59th time in  American history, but I am here to tell you, there is so much to do to  ensure that there will be a 60th time. Our democracy is more fragile  than it has been in decades. The same bad actors who fueled the  violence in the first place, including the defeated former President  and his supporters, continue to spread the Big Lie that the election  was stolen, and they are using these false claims to pass legislation  threatening our very democracy.   Around the country, more than 400 State laws were introduced to  restrict voting last year alone. In Nevada, we expanded vote-by-mail  drop box locations, but in Florida, Georgia, Iowa, and Indiana, new  laws make it harder to use those drop boxes. Nevada has same-day voter  registration, but Texas just made it harder to register, not easier. In  Georgia, it is now even illegal to give food or water to people waiting  in long lines to vote. The list goes on and on.   These are partisan laws. They are designed to favor one group of  voters over another. That is not democracy. A real democracy honors  everyone's right to be heard. It makes sure that everyone gets a vote  and that every vote is counted.   Democracy is a remarkable thing--a system where the people get to  choose their own leaders. We all need to stand up for it, just as the  countless heroes of our history have done, from Elizabeth Cady Stanton  to Abraham Lincoln, to Martin Luther King, Jr.   I will not stop fighting to protect our country and our democracy. I  will continue working with my colleagues to pass voting rights  legislation. We need to follow Nevada's lead and protect access to the  polls. We cannot let anyone silence America's voice in their own  government.   I also want to recognize many of the heroes who protected us that  day, like the Capitol Police officer I encountered that morning. After  the attack was over, I learned that 140 police officers I pass in the  halls of Congress every day had broken bones or worse. Four of them  later took their own lives. These are brave men and women who put  themselves at risk every day to protect not just the people's elected  representatives but our dedicated staff and the hardest working people  here at the Capitol, from the janitors to the cafeteria workers, to the  postal employees. All of these people carry their own memories of  January 6, and we need to make sure they never have to go through  something like that again.    So many of them are still here at the Capitol, still doing their  jobs, like the Capitol Police officer I saw earlier who had been  pepper-sprayed. But I will tell you what: They give me hope, and they  remind me that all of us have a job to do just like we did on January  6. One year later, it is clear that we all must stand united in defense  of our democracy. I hope we can do just that.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning  business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes  each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 485, submitted earlier  today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when  the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon,  Friday, January 7; that follow the prayer and pledge, the morning hour  be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the  time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day,  and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of morning  business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Bose nomination.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous order, under  the provisions of S. Res. 485.   There being no objection, pursuant to S. Res. 485, as a further mark  of respect to the late Harry Mason Reid, Jr., former Senator from  Nevada, the Senate, at 3:10 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 7,  2022, at 12 noon.   