 Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution  and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1531, I call  up  [[Page H10077]]  the bill (H.R. 2617) to amend section 1115 of title 31, United States  Code, to amend the description of how performance goals are achieved,  and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House  amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the Senate amendment to H.R. 2617.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the fiscal year 2023 government  funding legislation before us, which passed the Senate yesterday on a  68-29 vote, with the support of all Democrats and 18 Republicans. It is  a package of 12 appropriations bills that makes critical investments in  the programs that our communities need.   The bill also includes legislation to continue to support the  Ukrainian people and their fight against Russia's ruthless aggression  and to help areas of our Nation devastated by recent natural disasters.   For the second year in a row, we included community projects--over  7,200--to meet urgent needs in districts all over the Nation. These  bills tackle our Nation's toughest crises, they help lower the cost of  living for hardworking families in the middle class, create better- paying jobs, and protects our communities and our national security.   Mr. Speaker, I have spoken at length about this strong bill. I am  proud of it. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, I thank and congratulate  Chairman Leahy and Vice Chairman Shelby for their partnership over the  past 2 years. I wish them all the best in their retirement.   For the House, I extend my sincerest appreciation to the subcommittee  chairs of the Appropriations Committee: Marcy Kaptur,   David Price,  Lucille Roybal-Allard, Sanford Bishop, Barbara Lee, Betty McCollum, Tim  Ryan, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Chellie Pingree,   Mike Quigley, and  Matt Cartwright. I especially acknowledge for their outstanding  careers: David, Lucille, and Tim, who will not be here with us next  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all of the subcommittee ranking members for your  partnership and collaboration on these bills.   A special thank you to all of our staff, including Staff Director and  Clerk Robin Juliano and Deputy Staff Director Matt Washington, who we  will miss dearly upon his departure early next year.   I am grateful for the staff of all the subcommittees who are with us  here on the floor today who have sacrificed sleep and time away from  their families to help us complete the appropriations process,  including our subcommittee clerks: Martha Foley, Bob Bonner, Chris  Bigelow, Scott McKee, Matt Smith, Darek Newby--who we recognize and  thank upon his upcoming retirement--Rita Culp, Faye Cobb, Stephen  Steigleder, Nicole Cohen, Erin Kolodjeski, Jenny Neuscheler, and  Christina Monroe.   Front office staff: Katelynn Thorpe, Danu Rojzman, Jason Gray, Adam  Wilson, Raquel Spencer, Alex Swann, Tom Tucker, Ryann Kinney, Sebastian  Franco, Celine Wolff, and Robert Baransaka.   My personal office staff: Becky Salay, Jack Rayburn, Caitlin  Peruccio, King Green, Harper White, Marie Gualtieri, John Neureuther,  Jami LaRue, Daniel Robillard, Molly Opinsky, and Merone Kahassai. I  would just say: You are the best and the brightest.   I thank the minority staff: Anne Marie Chotvacs, Johnnie Kaberle,  Alec Davis, Sara Peters, and the rest of the minority clerks and staff.  I look forward to working with the incoming chair, Congresswoman  Granger, as we move into the 118th Congress, and I thank her for her  cooperation.   Next year, we will be the first ever committee of the House of  Representatives or the United States Senate--and it is not just the  Appropriations Committee, any committee--will be led in all four  corners by women.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the fiscal year 2023  government funding legislation before us, a package of 12  appropriations bills that makes critical investments to help our  communities. The bill also includes legislation to continue the fight  against Russian aggression and to help parts of our Nation devastated  by natural disasters.   For far too long, our economy has been working for billionaires and  big corporations that use their power to shape this budget. But over  the past two years, we have worked to reverse this trend and reinvest  in the programs that hardworking people, small businesses, and  communities in need rely on. And they are finally paying taxes.   I came to Washington to do that, inspired by the work of leaders, who  in times of despair, brokered life-changing victories whose impact we  feel to this day. These are leaders like Hubert Humphrey, who served in  these halls, and who held that the ``moral test of government'' is how  we treat those ``in the dawn of life, the twilight of life, and the  shadows of life.'' And I have always held that as a guiding principle.   These bills before us pass this moral test of government--they touch  every corner of our Nation and impact people at every stage of their  lives. With $1.7 trillion in discretionary resources, we are investing  the highest level of funding ever in non-defense government programs  while keeping our communities and our Nation safe.   This funding helps us tackle the biggest issues facing American  families, including inflation and rising costs. We lower the cost of  living for hardworking people and the middle class by investing in  child care, early learning programs, high poverty schools and students  with disabilities, by expanding access to higher education and  increasing the maximum Pell Grant award by $500, by strengthening high- quality job training and apprenticeship programs, and by making the  dream of owning a home a more realistic one for many families.   We strengthen our economy by creating better-paying jobs, putting  people to work rebuilding our infrastructure, keeping our Nation  competitive, strengthening our supply chain, helping small businesses  access the capital they need, investing in the economic development of  distressed communities, and preserving our advanced manufacturing base.  In addition, for the first time since 2010, we included an increase in  funding for the National Labor Relations Board to $299 million, a $25  million increase, to protect workers' rights to collective bargaining.  People haven't seen a pay raise in decades, and this change makes that  more likely.   This package also provides a necessary lifeline to families and  communities struggling to make ends meet by meeting their basic needs.  We are strengthening nutrition assistance, increasing access to  affordable housing by creating over 21,500 affordable housing units and  expanding housing options for people experiencing homelessness,  fighting health disparities and health crises, prioritizing the health  of our veterans with a record $118.7 billion for VA medical care,  providing $800 million, a huge increase of $650 million, for the  migrant Shelter and Services Program, formerly the Emergency Food and  Shelter Humanitarian Program, increasing funding by $125 million for  Violence Against Women Act prevention and prosecution programs, and  investing in rural broadband.   These investments are strengthened with a recommitment to the funding  we need to keep our Nation and our communities safe. With strong  increases for the Department of Defense, we protect our national  security and strengthen our ability to counter China and other near- peer adversaries. We defend global democracy from threats from Russia  and China. We enhance our maritime, border, and cyber security, protect  our military personnel and installations and prioritize a combination  of defense, diplomacy, and global development efforts.   We support our police and state and local law enforcement at all  levels with $4.4 billion in grants, fight the gun violence epidemic on  several fronts, and bolster our public health infrastructure and our  biomedical research, including with $47.5 billion for the National  Institutes of Health.   We make investments to battle climate change with environmental  enforcement and environmental justice efforts, launching a renewed  focus on land and water conservation, and investing in clean energy and  climate science.   Simultaneously, for the second year in a row after a decade without  this funding, this bill includes community projects to meet the needs  of districts all over the Nation. This package includes over 7,200  projects totaling over $15 billion and requested by 407 Members and  Senators--including 223 Democrats and 120 Republicans in the House.  These projects respond directly to pressing needs locally by supporting  underserved areas and making all our communities healthier, safer, and  stronger.   And as communities rebuild from recent natural disasters and extreme  weather events, this bill provides $27 billion in urgently needed  support to help families, small businesses, and entire towns and cities  recover, repair damaged infrastructure, and prepare for future  disasters, including $1 billion for the electric grid in Puerto Rico.   Finally, as Ukraine continues to defend itself against Putin's  ruthless attack, this bill provides $45 billion in emergency funding to  support the Ukrainian people and defend global democracy--investments  that save lives, make our world safer, and help defend against Putin's  continued war crimes. Congress heard from President Zelenskyy. His plea  to us was clear--they desperately need our continued support. In his  words, ``This struggle will define what world our children and  grandchildren will live in.'' Ukraine's struggle is democracy's  struggle-it is a struggle for freedom and independence. We stood and we  clapped when he told us last night that our ``money is not charity.  It's an investment in the global security and democracy that we handle  in the most responsible way.'' Because it is. This funding will save  lives and protect democracy. We have no other choice.   It has been an honor to serve as Chair of the Appropriations  Committee for the past two years and to bring to the Floor yet another  strong bill. This package makes critical, bipartisan investments that  lower the cost of living for hardworking families, create better-paying  jobs, and help communities in need.   I wish more of our priorities had been included--including increased  funding for Title X and other family planning programs in the wake of  the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. Women are and  will continue to suffer until we do more to help them access essential  health care services, and I am deeply disappointed we were not able to  increase this funding. I will continue to wage the battle for increased  resources for women's health.   I want to make it very clear to everyone here and to all our  constituents at home that I will never stop fighting for the programs  that make the biggest impact as we look to continue passing the moral  test of government.   Before I conclude, I would like to thank and congratulate Chairman  Leahy and Vice Chairman Shelby for their partnership over the past two  years. I wish them all the best in their retirements.   For the House, I extend my sincerest appreciation to the subcommittee  Chairs of the Appropriations Committee: Marcy Kaptur, David Price,  Lucille Roybal-Allard, Sanford Bishop, Barbara Lee, Betty McCollum, Tim  Ryan, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Chellie Pingree, Mike Quigley, and Matt  Cartwright. I want to especially acknowledge David, Lucille, and Tim  who will not be here with us next Congress and acknowledge them for  their outstanding careers. I also thank all of the subcommittee Ranking  Members for your partnership and collaboration on these bills.   A special thank you to all of our staff, including Staff Director and  Clerk, Robin Juliano, and Deputy Staff Director, Matt Washington--who  we will miss dearly upon his departure early next year.   I am grateful for the staff of all the subcommittees--who are up in  the gallery with us!--who have sacrificed sleep and time away from  their families to help us complete the appropriations process,  including our subcommittee Clerks Martha Foley, Bob Bonner, Chris  Bigelow, Scott McKee, Matt Smith, Darek Newby--who we recognize and  thank upon his upcoming retirement--Rita Culp, Faye Cobb, Stephen  Steigleder, Nicole Cohen, Erin Kolodjeski, Jenny Neuscheler, and  Christina Monroe.   And the front office staff--Katelynn Thorpe, Danu Rojzman, Jason  Gray, Adam Wilson, Raquel Spencer, Alex Swann, Tom Tucker, Ryann  Kinney, Sebastian Franco, Celine Wolff, and Robert Baransaka.   And from my personal office--Becky Salay, Jack Rayburn, King Green,  Caitlin Peruccio, Marie Gualtieri, Harper White, Molly Opinsky, Jami  LaRue, John Neureuther, Merone Kahassai, and Daniel Robillard.   From the minority staff, thank you to Anne Marie Chotvacs, Johnnie  Kaberle, Alec Davis, Sara Peters, and the rest of the minority clerks  and staff. I look forward to working with the incoming Chair of the  Appropriations Committee Kay Granger in the 118th Congress. With  Senators Patty Murray and Susan Collins leading the Senate  Appropriations Committee, next year will be the first year that the  Appropriations Committee will be led on all four corners by women. In  fact, this is the first time ever, that any Congressional committee,  will have all four comers led entirely by women. I  [[Page H10527]]  look forward to serving with this historic, highly skilled group of  lawmakers.   