 Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the  Bipartisan Safer Communities Act.   Once again, our Nation has been horrified by mass shootings, this  time of shoppers killed in Buffalo, NY, and of schoolchildren and  teachers murdered in Texas.   Twelve of us have come together to develop the bipartisan proposal  before us to help address the gun violence that is plaguing our  country. We were led by Senators Chris Murphy, John Cornyn, Kyrsten  Sinema, and Thom Tillis. I want to thank and recognize each of them for  their efforts.   Our commonsense plan increases needed mental health resources,  improves school safety and support for students, and helps ensure that  dangerous criminals and those who are adjudicated as suffering from  mental illness cannot purchase firearms. If enacted, our bill will save  lives. At the same time, it steadfastly protects the Second Amendment  rights of law-abiding gun owners. It is not hyperbole to say that this  legislation represents the most significant gun safety legislation in  decades.   I would like to highlight two specific provisions of this bill that I  worked on and that will have a significant impact in Maine and across  the country.   First, our bill will fund crisis intervention programs, like Maine's  yellow flag law, which our State supreme court just upheld as  constitutional this very week.   Maine's law, which has robust due-process protections, allows the  court--following an assessment by a medical professional--to determine  if individuals should temporarily lose possession of firearms because  they pose a serious threat to themselves or to others. Maine's law was  developed in consultation with the Sportsman Alliance of Maine, and it  has likely saved lives.   This Federal legislation will provide Maine with more resources to  fully implement this important program. It will help connect law  enforcement, medical professionals, and people in crisis through  telehealth services, as well as provide additional financial help to  ensure that the law can be efficiently and effectively utilized when  necessary.   Second, our bill will also help keep guns out of the hands of  dangerous criminals. The bipartisan package includes the Stop Illegal  Trafficking and  [[Page S3136]]  Firearms Act that I coauthored with Senator Patrick Leahy. It cracks  down on straw purchasing and firearms trafficking.   I would like, particularly, to thank Senator Heinrich, with whom I  worked to further refine this proposal so that it could be included in  this bipartisan package. Senator Heinrich was a wonderful partner as we  worked through all of the details of this provision.   The trafficking of firearms to violent criminals, gangs, and drug  trafficking groups presents a serious threat to public safety in  communities across America. Straw purchasers--individuals who purchase  guns for other people who are prohibited by law from receiving such  weapons--are the linchpin of most firearms trafficking operations,  which are responsible for funneling firearms into our cities and across  our southern border.   Currently, there is no criminal statute specifically prohibiting  straw purchasing or firearms trafficking in the way that we need it to  do. Instead, prosecutors rely primarily on paperwork violations that  prohibit making false statements in connection with the purchase of a  firearm.   Our bill establishes new, specific criminal offenses with significant  penalties for straw purchasers and firearms traffickers, along with  enhanced penalties when straw-purchased firearms are used in connection  with serious criminal activity like terrorism or drug trafficking.   The danger presented by straw purchasers and firearms trafficking is  not abstract. It is not theoretical. It is very real--a real and  present danger.   Maine's U.S. attorney, Darcie McElwee, recently described how gun and  drug trafficking in our State and elsewhere are often intertwined.  ``Individuals would come to Maine for guns and leave us their drugs and  go back,'' she explained. She added that in recent years, guns acquired  in Maine represented ``7% of Massachusetts gun recoveries at crime  scenes,'' while Massachusetts guns ``were responsible for 20% of ours.  So, that means that both their guns and their drugs are coming into our  state.'' I am quoting our new U.S. attorney.   In a recent example of gun and drug trafficking along the I-95  pipeline, a Massachusetts man was sentenced to 7 years in prison after  receiving two pistols from a straw purchaser in Androscoggin County,  while facilitating fentanyl sales in Bangor. What we have seen are gang  members from Connecticut coming to Maine with heroin and swapping  heroin for guns.   Gun trafficking is also a border security issue. Law enforcement has  long been concerned about the flow of firearms from the United States  into Mexico.   According to a recent report, more than 70 percent of all crime guns  recovered and traced to Mexico between 2009 and 2014--and that  represents more than 73,000 firearms--were traced back to the United  States. And the Mexican Government has estimated that 200,000 firearms  are smuggled from the United States into Mexico each year.   Our bill provides additional tools to law enforcement and prosecutors  to prevent and prosecute these crimes. This is meaningful legislation  that reflects input from gun safety advocates, gun rights groups, the  U.S. Department of Justice, law enforcement officers, and others. Thus,  in addition to helping keep our schools safe and our communities safer,  this bill will help to address the gun violence and drug problems that  are plaguing our communities, more generally.   Mr. President, I come from a State with a strong heritage of  responsible gun ownership. This package reflects conversations that I  have had with the Sportsman's Alliance of Maine, the National Shooting  Sports Foundation, and other responsible groups. It is worth my  emphasizing one more time that we are able to make these significant  improvements without infringing on the rights of law-abiding gun  owners.   Finally, it is important to note that this package demonstrates that  Members of the Senate can come together and work in a constructive way  to get important goals achieved on behalf of the American people. I  urge my Senate colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   