 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and to my colleagues for their articulate words today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise with great pride as we move forward with a  bipartisan bill to award the last living Nuremberg prosecutor, a  prosecutor against Nazi criminals, Mr. Benjamin Ferencz, awarding him  the Congressional Gold Medal, Congress' highest expression of  appreciation for distinguished achievements.   In this day of partisan conflict, this is a rare show of  bipartisanship with 296 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. Mr.  Ferencz is 102 years old, and to this day, is a tireless advocate for  the rule of law and international justice. I have met Mr. Ferencz  because I am blessed to say he is my constituent in Del Ray Beach,  Florida, and he remains very alert and very humble.   My colleagues have said it, and I am going to quickly repeat a little  of his history.   Mr. Ferencz emigrated to the United States with his family--he was  only 10 months old--to escape the persecution of Jews in Eastern  Europe. He grew up in New York City, eventually earning degrees from  City College and Harvard Law School before serving in the Army during  World War II.   He enlisted under General Patton before being transferred to a newly  created war crimes unit to help collect evidence of Nazi war crimes. He  would enter concentration camps and come face to face with the horrors  of the Nazi regime's systematic murder of millions of Jews.   He once said: ``Even today, when I close my eyes, I witness a deadly  vision I can never forget--the crematoria aglow with the fire of  burning flesh, the mounds of emaciated corpses stacked like cordwood  waiting to be burned. I had peered into hell.''   After the war, he was honorably discharged and awarded five battle  stars for his service. And that is when he was recruited for his most  notable role, chief prosecutor of the Nuremberg trial, that was later  called the biggest murder trial in history. At age 27, it was his first  case, and yet, he rose to the occasion, reminding the courtroom and the  world that this was a case that dealt with our humanity.   And in his closing statement, he concluded about the Nazis on trial:  ``Death was their tool and life their toy.'' And if they were found  innocent: `` . . . then law has lost its meaning and man must live in  fear.'' Not only did his words ring true in the courtroom, where all 22  Nazis officials he prosecuted were brought to justice, they resonated  around the world and have been quoted time and time again when the  international community rallies to decry crimes against humanity.   Nearly 80 days after the conclusion of these trials, we meet here  during Jewish American History Month, after having just celebrated  Israel's Independence Day and observing Yom HaShoah, the day set aside  for Jews to remember the Holocaust. It is important to recognize we are  still fighting the ongoing battle against racism, anti-Semitism, and  Holocaust denial in this country and around the world, as we witness in  horror the inhumanity of Putin's war on Ukraine.    So the timing of this bill has never been more important because Mr.  Ferencz inspires us to stand up to the cruel barbarians of this world.  Mr. Ferencz said it best: ``Nuremberg taught me that creating a world  of tolerance and compassion would be a long and arduous task.'' His  lifelong philosophy of ``law not war'' and ``never give up'' was quoted  recently by Ukraine's Ambassador.   Today, in bipartisan fashion, we are going to recognize this  magnificent man, committed to justice, peace, and human dignity with  the Congressional Gold Medal.   