 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Committee  on Foreign Affairs and the manager, Mr. Wilson, who I have traveled  with as well, and I know his heart.   Madam Speaker, I rise and support the legislation, S. 3522, that will  provide the President with the authority to lend and lease defense  articles to be able to help in the fight.   Madam Speaker, but as I do that, realizing what we are standing for,  I raise my button that says, ``We Stand With Ukraine,'' the very nation  that is standing in the gap and fighting for the preservation of  democracy around the world against the tyranny of autocracy and a one- man band and a one-man war.   We have all heard of the atrocities that this violent dictator has  chosen to wage against the innocent people of Ukraine, a country that  wants nothing more than to love, to live, and to live under a  democratic regime. But let me tell you the story of what they face  every day.   Mariupol, the people who are there under siege do not know whether or  not the soldiers, the injured soldiers, civilians, and children will  ever come out alive. Or the mother who held her 3-month-old baby with  her family members in her own apartment, seeking refuge and bombed by  the Russians.   Or the little girl, 16 years old, who was told to take off her  clothes to be raped by a Russian soldier, and to be raped again and  again.   For the children who sat amongst the bodies of their parents, for the  children who themselves were killed in Mariupol and around the nation,  for those who lost loved ones who are fleeing through universal  humanitarian routes that are known in every war.   I recall, as a Member of the United States Congress, going to the  Bosnian War, Albanian Civil War, Iraq, Afghanistan. I don't think I  have ever seen a direct and deliberate attack on civilians as Vladimir  Putin's war has done.   So this is a crucial moment in our history. We have our  responsibilities to America. We have the responsibilities of securing  the southern border. I just spent hours in the Committee on the  Judiciary where my friends on the other side of the aisle decided to  take up one issue, the attack about title 42.   On this floor, just a few hours ago, there was a constant rampant  voice of title 42 regarding the southern border when we were discussing  this bill under the rule.   I want the American people to know that talk is cheap, and what we  should be doing now is realizing that this is serious business. We must  pass this legislation.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman is extremely kind for  the passion that I have.   Madam Speaker, we must pass this legislation to deal with not only  the lend-lease on defense articles, but to be able to provide the  necessary humanitarian relief as well.   Madam Speaker, I conclude my remarks by saying that the children have  to be prioritized. When I was in Ukraine on the border and visiting a  reception center, I saw the faces of the children. Unaccompanied  children should be registered. Children with parents should be  registered. We should be focused, as UNICEF says, to eliminate the  nightmare that the children are facing, the death that they face, the  injury that they face, and to prioritize it and to make sure that  children can face the trauma that this war is.   As we do that, let us continue to bolster up the American people's  support and let us address their needs, because they have needs, but  let us make sure that the victory is ours.   Finally, I am grateful for one of our hostages coming home; he lives  in Texas. There are two more that we know that are well-known, and we  must bring home both of them, including the Olympian that plays in  Russia and who is a WNBA star. We must bring them home.   Madam Speaker, I support this legislation and ask all my colleagues  to support this important legislation.   