 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 1156,  expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to building  on the twenty years of success of the George McGovern-Robert Dole Food  for Education and Child Nutrition Program.   The McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child  Nutrition Program helps support education, child development and food  security in low-income, food-deficit countries around the globe.   In 2017, there were 821 million people worldwide experiencing hunger.  That is one in every nine people.   66 million children are experiencing hunger worldwide every day. One  in six children are food insecure.   According to UNICEF, approximately 3.1 million children globally die  from undernutrition every year. It is estimated that every 10 seconds a  child around the globe dies from hunger.   Even in the United States, hunger and food insecurity are major  problems. In my home of Houston, almost 725,000 people experience food  insecurity, which amounts to about 23% of Houston's households.   More than 500,000 Houstonians live in food deserts. These food  deserts are found mostly in areas with limited transportation, lack of  aid, and high unemployment rates.   Hunger is also tragic because it reflects economic and social  inequity. In Houston, for example, food deserts are more likely to  occur in primarily Black communities.   Lack of food doesn't just impact a child's hunger levels. Food  insecurity stunts a child's growth and development and often children  fall behind in school because they are unable to focus while  experiencing hunger.   Children who experience food insecurity grow into adults with health  complications that emerged from the lack of food.   As former Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus I worked to  improve the lives of children not only in the United States, but  globally because the children are the future, and we must do everything  possible to protect them.   Global food insecurity is of great importance to me because, not only  am I a longtime Member of the House Hunger Caucus, I represent the same  Congressional District that had been represented by iconic leaders who  fought to end hunger in the U.S. and globally.   I am proud to continue the historic legacy of Congresswoman Barbara  Jordan, who was a champion for human dignity and fought for the rights  of all people regardless of race, gender, heritage, or economic status,  and Congressman Mickey Leland, who worked tirelessly to raise awareness  of, and fight for, policies to end food insecurity around the globe and  who, tragically, died in a plane crash while working to end world  hunger on a relief mission in Ethiopia.   Starvation is a terrible thing. It's something that nobody should  have to go through. And yet, there are people in this world who are  starving right now as a consequence of natural disasters, war, and even  as a tool of warfare.   In Pakistan, food deprivation is compounded by the human toll from  recent floods and other natural disasters. Using drought to  strategically exacerbate starvation is unacceptable.   The people of Ethiopia's Tigre Province are being subjected to a  truly vile and malicious use of food deprivation in this way. The  region was already suffering from drought, and when compounded by  forced starvation from denial of access to food as a weapon of war, the  effect is heinous and the consequences are unforgiveable.   Russia's aggression against Ukraine is a global food insecurity  tragedy on multiple levels. As Putin wages his war against the people  of Ukraine, he uses food as a weapon by destroying the food production  and transportation capacity of the country he invaded. At the same  time, since Ukraine grows grains and crops that feed much of the world,  Putin's devastation of Ukraine's food production infrastructure and  takeovers of Ukrainian food exports cause food insecure populations of  countless countries to suffer, especially in Africa.   The McGovern-Dole program also aims to defeat malnutrition. Children  across the globe are affected by malnutrition and the McGovern Dole  program is working to combat this debilitating condition.   The McGovern Dole Program has been successful at saving lives all  over the world for 20 years.   This program boosts school enrollment, increases attendance, and  improves reading outcomes and literacy results through providing school  meals, teacher training, and government capacity-building.   The McGovern Dole Program has been able to improve health, nutrition,  and dietary practices through supporting Maternal and Child Nutrition  (MCN). The program encourages the inclusion of health and nutrition  sensitive activities, such as micronutrient-fortified products, take- home rations, treatments for illnesses, and nutrition education.   H. Res. 1156 must be passed. With bipartisan Congressional support,  the United States has been able to work with other countries on hunger,  specifically childhood hunger, which is a devastating condition.   It is imperative that we continue to work together to reduce hunger  worldwide.   We must end this unnecessary suffering before it claims even more  lives.   This bill must be important to us all. Investing in children today  will only benefit the world in the future.   We must continue this program to address global food insecurity and  create conditions for peace and stability.   This effort will support U.S. farmers, millers, shippers, and  commodity groups that provide agricultural commodities for the program  to help combat malnutrition and food insecurity worldwide.   I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this critical bill  that will build upon  [[Page H9723]]  the 20 years of success of the George McGovern-Robert Dole  International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program.   