 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 558, the ``Flood  Level Observation, Operations, and Decision Support Act,'' or ``FLOODS  Act.''   I am the proud sponsor of H.R. 1438, the House companion to the  ``FLOODS Act'' being considered today. In New Jersey, we are all too  familiar with the devastation of flooding both from historic weather  events like Hurricane Irene, Superstorm Sandy, and most recently  Tropical Storm Ida, as well as more localized high-intensity rainfall  events that don't get headlines, like the five inches of sudden  rainfall that caused flash flooding in Parsippany, New Jersey, last  October. Protecting our communities from these events, both large and  small, means giving our forecasters, local planners, and first  responders up-to-date data on where to expect precipitation and  flooding and in what amounts.   Sadly, my constituents know the life-and-death impact of not having  precise and accurate information ahead of flooding. When we experienced  horrendous flooding in the wake of Tropical Storm Ida, we tragically  lost 27 lives across New Jersey. In Woodland Park in my district, a  woman was swept away by the flooding--brave residents at the scene  tried to rescue her, but the current was too strong and they themselves  had to be rescued. In another part of my district, I heard from a  mother who, along with her young children, had to be rescued from her  home late at night during Ida after she had been told only hours  earlier that the storm would pass well to the west of her home. Knowing  the precise location of precipitation and likely flooding makes all the  difference.   As Chairwoman of the Science Committee's Subcommittee on Environment,  I have examined how to prevent flooding from occurring and how to be  resilient to flooding that does occur. However, while mitigation and  resiliency solutions such as nature-based infrastructure can help  address these issues, they cannot fix the root issue of flood  prevention without the data necessary to map and estimate the location  and nature of the flooding threat. This bill provides vital data and  tools to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and  ultimately to local stakeholders.   The FLOODS Act establishes a National Integrated Flood Information  System that improves the coordination and integration of flood research  at NOAA, designates a service coordination hydrologist at each National  Weather Service River Forecast Center, and leverages existing work  across NOAA to improve timely decision making related to flooding  events. Further, it improves observations and modeling for total water  prediction--a crucial component to understanding mechanisms that cause  flooding--through partnerships with other federal agencies and  academia. This bill continues to develop the nations' STEM workforce by  creating a fellowship for graduate students in hydrologic fields to  work at federal agencies. Additionally. this bill takes steps to  improve coordination and communication for hurricane forecasts, tornado  warnings. and other extreme weather events.   But one of the most important things needed to improve resilience to  flooding is accurate estimation of precipitation. This bill directs  NOAA to update its precipitation frequency estimates, known as Atlas  14. Atlas 14 estimates are essential for protecting lives and taxpayer  dollars, as they directly assist emergency planning. Atlas 14 estimates  are often based on precipitation data records that are in many cases  decades old. We worked closely with our colleagues on the Senate  Commerce Committee to reconcile the Atlas 14 language in this bill and  another bill I led this Congress, H.R. 1437, the PRECIP Act. The  importance of making updates to Atlas 14--and subsequently keeping  those estimates up-to-date--has become more apparent. even since we  first introduced this bill. We encourage NOAA to update the Atlas 14  estimates as frequently as practicable, more often than the 10-year  minimum requirement in this bill. And as the impacts of climate change  on extreme precipitation become impossible to ignore, we further  encourage the agency to consider assumptions of non-stationarity when  developing Atlas 14 estimates, in line with the language in my PRECIP  Act as introduced.   It is important, now more than ever, to have authoritative data and a  coordinated response to flooding events as the climate crisis worsens  for New Jerseyans, and the entire nation. The measures in this  legislation are essential to protect our homes and families from  flooding risks. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this  bill so we can send it to the President's desk.   