 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to vote to confirm Judge Mendoza to the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  [[Page S4534]]    This is a historic moment. If confirmed, Judge Mendoza would be the  first Hispanic judge to serve on the Ninth Circuit from Washington.   Judge Mendoza, whom I met before nominating him to the White House  Counsel's Office as a candidate for U.S. District Court for the Eastern  District of Washington, has been somebody who, when you think about his  childhood growing up in the Yakima Valley--an agricultural area in  Eastern Washington--he comes from a family of farm workers and has  worked in the fields himself.   As a young student at Prosser High School, it was not uncommon for  him to wake up before dawn to work in the fields before rushing home to  change and head to school. His hard work earned him admission to the  University of Washington.   After graduating from the University of Washington, he left the State  to get his law degree from UCLA. After earning his degree, he returned  home to Washington, where he worked as assistant attorney general in  the Washington State AG's Office.   He went on to serve the community he grew up in, first as a deputy  prosecutor for Franklin County and then as a judge in the Benton- Franklin Superior Court. He has been an outstanding judge on the U.S.  District Court for the Eastern District of Washington, where he has  served since 2014. Clearly, my colleagues here in the Senate saw his  potential since he was confirmed to the Eastern District 92 to 4.   Judge Mendoza is not just an outstanding jurist; he is a community  leader as well. He has served on the boards of directors for numerous  organizations in Central Washington, including the Benton-Franklin  Legal Aid Society, the Benton and Franklin Counties Circle of Hope  Foundation for Drug Courts, and the United Way of Benton and Franklin  Counties.   I know Judge Mendoza will make an excellent addition to the Ninth  Circuit Court, and I urge my colleagues to support his nomination to  the court of appeals.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   