 Mr. President, it is nice to be here on the floor on a  Monday evening and to hear final passage by unanimous consent of a bill  to recognize and honor the life of our former Congressman Don Young.  Don passed in March unexpectedly after 49 years in service, and it is  always hard to figure out appropriate ways to recognize the life of a  true public servant, as Congressman Young truly was. So the Alaska  delegation--Senator Sullivan and myself at the time--really reached out  to try to find those ways that might be appropriate means of  recognition.   We can name buildings, as we are doing in this legislation, renaming  a Federal courthouse in Fairbanks after Congressman Young. We can  rename institutions, as we are doing in this bill and in recognizing  the Alaska Job Corps Center now as the Don Young Alaska Job Corps  Center.   And you can also do it through naming of monuments. And we have  certainly a fair number of mountains, lakes, rivers in the State of  Alaska that are pretty extraordinary, but it just didn't seem  appropriate and fitting that a regular mountain should be renamed after  the Congressman.   I had an opportunity to serve with him for many years. For, really,  all of my life I think he has been my Congressman. I have known his  softer side and certainly his rough and more explosive side.   And so as we were looking for something that might be fitting, we  looked not only at mountains, but we looked at mountains that continue  to blow their top to this very day and selected a volcano on the  Aleutian Islands that is currently named--I believe it is pronounced  Mount Cerberus, and we have, through this designation, designated this  volcano in the Eastern Aleutians after our former Congressman--fitting  tribute to a giant of a man and one that I think of every day. I know  Alaskans think of the contributions that he has made.   So in this simple resolution recognizing and honoring the  Congressman, whether it is institutions, buildings, or volcanoes, Don  Young's name will live for quite some period of time.   So I am pleased to actually be here on the floor with my friend and  colleague Senator Sullivan to recognize this evening.   