 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and for  his extraordinary leadership as the chairman of the Rules Committee for  so many years. I thank the chairman and the members of his committee  for expeditiously bringing us to the floor for this very, very  important legislation.   This will probably be my last speech as Speaker of the House on this  floor, and I am hoping to make it my shortest. Members have planes to  catch, gifts to wrap, toys to assemble, carols to sing, religious  services to attend to.   In terms of singing songs, one that I always think of at this time  and in this setting is an English song: Christmas is coming, the goose  is getting fat, pleased to put a penny in the old man's hat.   Yes, indeed, the goose is getting fat. We have a big bill here  because we have big needs for our country. We have the largest defense  appropriation ever and, again, to help us honor our oath of office to  protect and defend, and what the Constitution says, provide for the  common defense but, at the same time, pleased to put a penny in the old  man's hat. We address the needs of America's working families, with  special focus on our children.   So I rise in strong support of this bipartisan omnibus government  funding bill for us today, to keep from shutting the government down  but, more importantly, to meet the needs of the American people.   Let me applaud the magnificent appropriations chairwoman, Rosa  DeLauro. She is a maestro with a baton. She has just done such a job of  reflecting the values of our country in terms of how we allocate our  resources.   There is plenty else in the bill that is outside the realm of the  Appropriations Committee, all of it very, very important.   I commend Chairman Pat Leahy in the Senate and Vice Chair Richard  Shelby for their bipartisan support; congratulate them for their  service to the Congress for many years; wish them much success with  much gratitude as they end their service in Congress.   I want to recognize the outstanding work of all of the staffs on both  sides of the aisle, on both sides of the Capitol, but I want to point  out my brilliant policy director, Richard Meltzer.   I also want to acknowledge Wendell Primus, Robert Edmondson, Alex  Urry, and so many other policy professionals, again, on both sides of  the aisle who helped strengthen the bill.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is about our heroes, honoring our heroes, our  heroic veterans, with a major increase in veterans' healthcare, a  national security imperative that falls under the nondefense  discretionary, even though we know it is part of our national security  responsibility.   Honoring the heroes of 9/11: delivering benefits to families that  have long been wrongfully denied; and bolstering funding for a health  program for first responders and survivors there.   Our firefighters and first responder heroes: those who weigh in when  emergency disaster calls upon them for relief resources.   The extraordinary heroes in Ukraine, fighting on the frontlines of  the battle for democracy: In this legislation, we proudly deliver  another consequential round of security, economic and humanitarian aid.   As the President of Ukraine said the other night, it isn't about  charity; it is about security; it is about working together. What a  special honor it was for us to be on the floor when President Zelenskyy  spoke powerfully about the  [[Page H10072]]  courage and commitment, heroism and hope of the people.   Of course, our everyday heroes, America's working families, the  people who make our country work, our families grow, our communities  thrive for our children, securing critical investments for the health,  housing education, economic well-being, and more; on top of, under  President Biden, forming nearly 10 million jobs, largely in the private  sector, but with the public policy to enable that to happen.   Indeed, this bill puts people over politics.   Mr. Speaker, it was sad to hear the minority leader earlier say that  this legislation is the most shameful thing to be seen on the House  floor in this Congress. I can't help but wonder: has he forgotten  January 6?   Indeed, this is a day of immense patriotism, immense patriotism as we  reform the Electoral Count Act of 1987 to thwart future attempts to  disrupt the peaceful transfer of power, and as I said before, here, in  the heart of our democracy.    Mr. Speaker, this is truly a package for the people. With immense  gratitude to Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro, Chairman Patrick Leahy, and Vice  Chair Shelby, I urge a strong bipartisan ``aye'' vote.   I wish everyone a happy, healthy, and safe New Year. Happy Holidays.  Merry Christmas, Happy Kwanzaa, Happy Hanukkah. Whatever it is you  celebrate, be safe.    Mr. Speaker, today, as the final official act of the  117th Congress, the House will pass a strong, bipartisan omnibus  government funding bill.   As a courtesy to my colleagues--who are eager to get home for the  holidays--I will be brief.   But I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge our magnificent  Appropriations Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro. Thank you for ensuring that so  many of Democrats' key priorities were included in this package.   And I salute you on an extraordinarily successful 117th Congress-- during which you have wielded the gavel masterfully: whether helping  meet families' needs here at home or powering the fight for Democracy  abroad.   Thanks also to our committed counterparts in the Senate--Chairman Pat  Leahy and Vice Chair Richard Shelby--for crafting this package.   And I want to recognize the outstanding work of my staff, led by my  brilliant Policy Director, Richard Meltzer: tirelessly working to  infuse this legislation with Democrats' vision and values.   I also want to acknowledge Wendell Primus, Robert Edmondson, Alex  Urry, and the many more policy professionals in the Speaker's Office  whose work helped to strengthen this final package.   Thanks to Democrats' tenacious negotiating, we have secured in this  bill a significant increase in non-defense discretionary funding. And  with this boost, we steer more federal resources to key priorities that  will improve the everyday lives of the American people. To name just a  few:   This means fulfilling our patriotic duty to our veterans, securing a  major increase in veterans' health care.   This means deeply needed relief to support victims of natural  disaster, address the water crisis in Mississippi and deliver $1  billion for Puerto Rico's electric grid.   This means increasing the maximum Pell Grant, making it easier for  children to chase their dreams of higher education.   This means important investments in building more affordable housing  and strengthening our energy infrastructure.   This means more funding for the National Labor Relations Board,  strengthening workers' right to organize.  [[Page H10522]]    This means more resources under the Violence Against Women to prevent  and prosecute gender-based violence.   And this means our Members will bring home critical Community Project  Funding to help meet specific needs in our districts.   And with this package, we are also making impactful new investments  for America's working families.   We are expanding the promise of quality, affordable health care:   from preventing disruptions to Medicaid coverage,   to strengthening critical lifelines for underserved communities,   to improving access to mental health services,   to taking commonsense steps to prepare for the next pandemic.   We are advancing our For The Children Agenda:   ensuring millions of kids have permanent, continuous health coverage  while creating a new permanent Summer EBT program to ensure 29 million  kids have access to nutritious food during the summer.   We are securing basic accommodations for pregnant workers--so that no  one has to choose between a healthy pregnancy and a paycheck.   We are guaranteeing protections for breastfeeding in the workplace-- so that parents cannot be punished for caring for their newborns.   And we are honoring our sacred duty to our 9/11 heroes:   securing catch-up payments to families that for too long have been  wrongfully denied every cent they're due;   and bolstering funding for a health program that cares for courageous  first responders and survivors.   Importantly, with this package we will deliver another consequential  round of security, economic and humanitarian aid to Ukraine.   On Wednesday--here on this Floor--President Zelenskyy spoke  powerfully about courage and commitment, heroism and hope.   And we applauded him--and his people--for their undaunted  determination as they battle for their homeland and for their freedom.   The fight for Ukraine is the fight for Democracy itself--and we will  stand with the valiant Ukrainian people until victory is won.   As we propel the fight for freedom abroad, we also take a strong step  to shore up our Democracy here at home.   The omnibus includes a bipartisan bill to reform the Electoral Count  Act of 1887--which will help thwart future attempts to disrupt the  peaceful transfer of power, like we saw here in this very Chamber on  January 6th.   Mr. Speaker. This is truly a package For The People.   And with immense gratitude to Chairs DeLauro and Leahy--and Vice  Chair Shelby--I urge a strong, bipartisan ``AYE'' vote.   