 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Quantum  Computing Cybersecurity Preparedness Act.   I first thank Congressman Ro Khanna and Ranking Member Comer for  their assistance in helping craft this important legislation. There is  no doubt Congressman Khanna has been a leader in this Congress on  cybersecurity measures, coming from a cyber and technology background  to Congress. Being able to serve with him and put this bill together,  which is heading to, it looks like, the desk of the President to be  signed into law, is no small feat.   Cybersecurity is national security, and today, we are going to vote  on this bill and send it to the President of the United States to be  signed into law.   H.R. 7535 will help future-proof the security of sensitive data and  information which Federal agencies use in support of their missions.   Quantum computing might sound like something far and away and very  far off in the future, but we face the threat of real adversaries  stealing very sensitive, encrypted information from the Federal  Government with the hope of unlocking it in the future. That threat is  here, and that threat is real today.   In 2020, there were 11 Federal agencies that were hacked by agents of  Russia and China, so there is no time like the present to put  legislation like this through.   We need to strengthen and protect our Nation's systems and keep our  data secure. Now, we will have the opportunity to see the progress that  we are making in the Federal Government through this annual report  through OMB.   Transitioning to post-quantum cryptography is a necessary step to  ensure Federal agencies' sensitive information remains secure from  prying eyes.   The future of quantum computing brings with it both significant  opportunities and significant risks, but I am very optimistic about the  power of quantum computing and the technology advances that we are  making on this frontier.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for this  measure today, and I look forward to its passage and being signed into  law.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6042.   Born on Hilton Head Island in 1935, Caesar Wright grew up on a very  different Hilton Head than most visitors and residents experience  today. In his youth, the island was sparsely populated by Gullah  farmers and fishermen, descendants of slaves, and individuals who lived  on the island since the end of the Civil War, many with close ties to  Mitchelville, America's first Freedmen's Village.   Wright left Claflin College to serve our country in the U.S. Air  Force.   He and his wife, Annette, then moved to their hometown of Hilton Head  Island, where she served as a teacher and he served as one of Hilton  Head's only postmen at the time.   Wright joined the U.S. Postal Service in 1968, serving one of the two  existing routes on the island back in those days.   Wright was the island's first African-American postal carrier and  opened many doors previously closed to Black men at the U.S. Postal  Service.   Wright delivered the mail for 29 years, starting out on mostly sandy  roads and ending up as one of the many carriers working within a single  development, the Hilton Head Plantation.   He retired 22 years ago, but he was always seen and was always a huge  part of the Hilton Head Island community.   Wright goes back to a day when mail carriers knew everyone on the  island, their comings and goings, their heartaches and their habits.  His customers adored him and would frequently call on him at home.   When Caesar Wright passed away in 2019 at the age of 84, all of the  island's postal carriers united and gave him a funeral escort. Dozens  of mail trucks escorted the flag-draped coffin of Caesar Wright to his  final resting place on the banks of Skull Creek. His colleagues told  reporters at the time that he exemplified customer service.   Today, in part because of Caesar Wright's work, Hilton Head Island  has over 34 postal routes and three post offices, one of which will  soon bear his name.   Today, the naming of this post office represents the Gullah roots of  the community, the history in the community, and Caesar Wright's  lifelong service to his Nation and to his community.   