 Madam Speaker. I rise today in strong support of this  robust public safety package--legislation rooted in two of Democrats'  most cherished values: safety and justice.   On behalf of our Caucus and the Congress, I salute the persistent,  values-driven leadership of CBC Chairwoman Joyce Beatty and Members of  the CBC--ensuring that accountability is central to our efforts.   Let us also commend Progressive Caucus Chair Pramila Jayapal and  Congresswoman Ilhan Omar for their tireless efforts to advance the goal  of public safety for all.   We applaud the committed leaders of the legislation before us today:  Congressman Josh Gottheimer, Congresswoman Katie Porter, Congressman  Steven Horsford, and Congresswoman Val Demings.   And thank you to Judiciary Chair Jerry Nadler and Energy & Commerce  Chair Frank Pallone for steering this legislation to the Floor.   House Democrats believe that every American deserves to live in a  safe community--where they and their family can thrive.   For us, this is a deeply held value.   And that is why our Majority has long sought--and today, continues to  take--strong, commonsense action to fund our police, giving them the  tools they need to prevent crime.   Let me be clear: Democrats salute our law enforcement heroes.   And we have fought to support them: securing a half-billion-dollar  increase for local and state law enforcement in March's Appropriations  legislation.   At the same time, we remain fully committed to improving training and  accountability among the law enforcement ranks.   Our nation remains outraged at the scourge of systemic racism and  brutality targeting communities of color and marginalized communities-- knowing that it remains a serious threat to safety.   That is why Democrats will never stop fighting for the fundamental  transformation that our culture of policing demands--which goes hand- in-hand with our unyielding commitment to public safety.   Our George Floyd Justice in Policing Act--twice passed by the House-- includes strong, unprecedented reforms to save lives: from banning  chokeholds; to stopping no-knock warrants; to combating racial  profiling; to establishing nationwide standards against misconduct.   Sadly, this urgent and necessary legislation was blocked by  Republicans.   But under the leadership of our brilliant, relentless Congresswoman  Karen Bass, we will not rest until these life-saving measures are the  law of the land.   Today, with our four bills, we seek to take a strong step to build  stronger, healthier relationships between law enforcement and those  they serve.   And together, they will help prevent crime, save lives and advance  justice.   Our Invest to Protect Act funds our police, with grants to: help  small, local law enforcement agencies retain and recruit officers;  require the Attorney General to evaluate and collect data on how police  departments are using the funds to reduce the use of force; and invest  in strong accountability measures, including: training for de- escalation, responding to substance use disorders, supporting survivors  of domestic violence, and promoting a duty of care.  [[Page H8080]]    Our Mental Health Justice Act will help send unarmed mental health  professionals to respond to mental health crises in our neighborhoods:  crucial action to save lives.   Our Break the Cycle of Violence Act invests in effective, evidence- based community violence intervention initiatives--building on the  lifesaving progress we forged in our American Rescue Plan.   Our VICTIM Act will bolster the ability of police forces to solve  homicides, sexual assaults, shootings and other violent crimes: a  necessary step to ensure justice is served and improve trust in law  enforcement.   In the same spirit, House Democrats take immense pride in our work so  far this Congress to keep America's families safe from harm.   Under the magnificent leadership of President Biden, we enacted an  historic gun violence prevention law--which is saving lives by getting  deadly weapons out of dangerous hands.   Meanwhile, the House has successfully passed legislation reinstating  the Assault Weapons Ban and establishing an AMBER Alert-style warning  during shootings--measures that strongly support our law enforcement.   And this Congress, our Majority has also passed legislation to:  require universal background checks, promote safe storage, and ban bump  stocks, high-capacity magazines and ghost guns.   Make no mistake: our colleagues across the aisle overwhelmingly voted  against all of these measures.   Because they fail to realize that preventing gun crime is a crucial  piece of the puzzle in building safer communities--especially for our  children.   Madam Speaker. Every Member who has the special privilege of serving  in these hallowed halls takes a sacred oath to the American people.   That oath--which is blind to party affiliation--is to ``protect &  defend.''   And with this package today, the House is honoring this foremost  responsibility.   So I encourage every Member to join us in putting People Over  Politics--and vote for safer communities in every corner of the  country.   With that, I urge a resounding, bipartisan AYE vote on all four bills  in this strong public safety package.   