 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding, for his work, and for bringing this bill to the floor.   Let me also take a moment to thank our good friend, a great leader,  Congresswoman Judy Chu, for her vision and her persistent leadership,  and Chairman Pallone for bringing this to the floor, once again.   Last month's Supreme Court decision is having devastating impacts  across the country. Now, I remember the days before Roe, and now that  the Court has ended Roe, we are truly in a state of a national health  emergency.   Abortion bans affect everyone, but their impact falls hardest on  folks who face serious barriers to care and already have these barriers  presented because of the lack of equity in our healthcare system--women  of color, people working to make ends meet, rural people, young people.   It is terrifying now that people could be criminalized for exercising  their own personal healthcare decisions. That is wrong. It is morally  wrong.   Already, across this country, people are unable to get care and are  denied the freedom to make their own decisions about their health and  about their futures. Our personal liberties and our freedoms are being  taken away. This is just another step in the erosion of our democracy.   It has never been more critical than now that we pass legislation to  protect the right to access abortion and ensure that abortion and  comprehensive reproductive healthcare are accessible and available for  all.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 8297.   Yes, as co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus, along with my colleague,  Congresswoman Diana DeGette, I thank our colleagues, Representatives  Fletcher, Strickland, and Raskin, for introducing this very important  bill, and also Chairman Pallone and Speaker Pelosi for bringing it to  the floor.   Everyone deserves the freedom to make personal decisions about their  health, their bodies, their futures, as well as the right to travel.  Yet, the Supreme Court's decision has stripped this fundamental right  to reproductive freedom from millions of people in this country.   Now, I remember the days before Roe, and we aren't going back.   Not only are some States moving to enact extreme abortion bans, but  some anti-abortion State legislators are working to prohibit people  from traveling across State lines to access care and are targeting  people who assist those in need.   What in the world is happening to our democracy?   First of all, you are trying to take away our own healthcare  decisions, the ability to make our reproductive healthcare decisions.  You are trying to criminalize people for making their own reproductive  healthcare decisions.   You are trying to set up an environment for people to spy on each  other when they are trying to exercise their reproductive healthcare  decisions and freedoms.   You are trying to take away people's right to travel.   What in the world is this? Is this America?   You all talk about other countries. I don't even recognize what you  are trying to do in this country.   Please, just know that this is a slippery slope. They come for me  today; they are coming for you tomorrow.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' and to reaffirm  the right to travel and seek care, not further erode our reproductive  freedoms and personal liberties.   