 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7691, a bill that would  provide additional assistance to Ukraine and other partners in the  region. Ten weeks ago, we witnessed Russia begin its attack on the  sovereign nation of Ukraine.   To support Ukraine and our allies during the unprovoked, illegal, and  appalling attack, Congress provided nearly $14 billion in emergency  funding through the fiscal year 2022 appropriations bills. That funding  has been crucial in Ukraine's efforts to fight back against Putin's  evil invasion.   The bill before us today would provide roughly $40 billion in  assistance to address the ongoing conflict. With Russia continuing to  take control of the country, more resources are needed to provide  military assistance to Ukrainian forces, address the humanitarian  crisis created by this conflict, and support our allies in the region.   A large portion of the bill will also go to backfill DOD's weapons  and equipment. The United States has the best weapons in the world, and  it is critical that we not only supply those to our allies in their  time of need, as we have done in Ukraine, but that we ensure our own  troops continue to have what they need.   As China, Iran, and North Korea watch our response, we must show the  world that America stands firm with its allies and will do what is  necessary to protect our interests abroad.   For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), the former chairman of the Committee on  Appropriations and the ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations,  and Related Programs Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   