 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues, especially  Senators Shaheen and Tillis, for leading an incredibly successful  congressional delegation to the NATO summit. I want to thank them, as  well, for organizing the colloquy today.   I join them in enthusiastically endorsing Finland and Sweden's  accession into NATO. Both nations have representative governments  accountable to their people. They conduct extensive commerce and trade  with our great United States, and, broadly, they share many of our  values.   Historically, perhaps these were conditions sufficient to readily  welcome two European nations into one of our multinational security  frameworks, but today, given the increasingly complex threats our  adversaries are imposing on the homeland, protecting American security  and prosperity demands partners who are capable of sharing NATO's  manpower and resource burdens.   NATO isn't a club of democracies or a playground for exploring  climate change or progressive cultural interests. It is a military  alliance that is assembled to deter our adversaries from wreaking havoc  on our partners and against our own homeland.   Today, the United States is the unquestioned and undisputed leader of  not just NATO, but continues to lead the global coalition containing  and destroying terrorist operations in the Middle East and in Africa.  Beyond Europe and the Middle East, the United States must--and I will  repeat that--must lead a coalition to deter China's looming imperial  expansion around the world and potential takeover of Taiwan and our  other partners in the Indo-Pacific.   The United States has the greatest military on the face of the  planet, and the American people's support of our Armed Forces is  unwavering.   Still, our Commander in Chief, our diplomatic and military  leadership, and Members of the Senate must hold our partners  accountable to their own defense and not lean on the reach and  lethality of our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and guardians  alone.    Going forward, NATO member countries must invest in their own  defense. Two percent must be a minimum standard. Longstanding members  of the alliance remain far too lax and sometimes neglectful of their  obligations to the alliance and to their people. America is not the  world's policemen, but we are the leader of the free world and this  alliance. And Finland and Sweden are on target regarding their 2- percent commitment.   I am confident that Finland and Sweden are ready to stand up and help  shoulder the resource burden on NATO's military obligations in Europe,  particularly following Russia's bloody, lawless invasion of Ukraine.   The accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO is a great success, but  regarding the war raging in Ukraine today, on day 140 of this conflict,  the U.S. cannot grow weary. Our resolve to support our partner must  carry on. China is watching. The Gulf States, South America, and Africa  are weighing their commitment to the free world against the economic  and security guarantees on the table from our adversaries.   Our national defense capacity diminishes the more our adversaries,  from the Taliban to Iran's cluster of violent extremist organizations,  to Vladimir Putin, to the Chinese Communist Party, can call our bluff  and see if we cannot bear the cost of achieving our goals.   We must remain steady and strong. This administration and our  partners in NATO must change their strategy to deliver Ukraine victory  over Putin's Russia, and that is why Sweden and Finland will be a much  welcomed addition to NATO.   Again, I thank my colleagues for organizing this colloquy, and I urge  this body to move very quickly to confirm the U.S. support of Finland  and Sweden's accession to NATO.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Missouri.   