 Mr. President, I thank my colleagues, Senator Lee and  Senator Cotton.   We are united on this, as is Senator Grassley, the ranking member of  the Judiciary Committee, as is Senator Durbin, the chair of the  Judiciary Committee. These proposals got through our committee  unanimously. We were able to pass them in different forms through this  Senate on parts of different bills. And now this combined grouping of  bills that the three of us have led have now passed the House of  Representatives.   If you look at what is going on in our country right now, we have a  competition problem in over 75 percent of our industries, ranging from  ag to pharma to tech. A small number of large companies, more and more,  are controlling more of the business than they did decades ago. Look at  what just happened with Ticketmaster. The lack of competition is  estimated to cost the median American household $5,000 per year.   We all believe--we agree on some things, and we disagree on some  things--but we all agree that we need to update our laws in some way.  One of the ways you do this is to make sure that our enforcers can take  on the cases against the biggest companies the world has ever known.  The Agencies are now shells of their former selves. In 1980, when the  Antitrust Division was working to break up AT&T, it had 453 lawyers. As  of April of 2021, that number had fallen to 299. The FTC had 1,719  employees in 1980. Now it is down to 1,100. We cannot take on the  biggest companies the world has ever known or put fair rules of the  road in place if we expect the enforcers to use bandaids and duct tape.  Not only that, they bring in money when they bring these cases.   So I am proud of the work Senator Lee and I have done together. I  would note the leaders of both parties support  [[Page S7051]]  these concepts, including the former Assistant Attorney General in  charge of Antitrust, Makan Delrahim, as well as the current  administration, including the former Republican FTC Chair, Joe Simons,  in addition to the current leadership in this administration.   Capitalism is built on the foundation of competition and open  markets. To quote Adam Smith, the so-called godfather of our capitalist  system, the invisible hand of competitive entrepreneurship is key, but  he also said that we must watch out for the overgrown standing army of  monopolies.   There is an old cartoon with a bunch of monopolies, sitting up there  where our guests are, looking down. It used to be railroads. It used to  be all kinds of other trusts. Now there are new guys in town, and it is  equally as dangerous to capitalism.   I appreciate the work of Senator Lee and Senator Cotton.   I yield to Senator Cotton.    I will take off where Senator Hoeven left off.   Listening to Senator Hoeven talk, I was thinking, what are we going  to do--John and me--without Rob here to give us grief about our joint  events that we do between Fargo, ND, and Moorhead? Several times, we  have told Rob that we were heading out to do some esoteric event  together, and he would give us a lot of grief. But then we would always  send him pictures of the event to verify that this actually happened,  and we had a lot of fun doing that.   I was actually thinking as I heard our colleagues talk about how Rob  always teaches. This is something John mentioned. He always passes on  the torch. My favorite example of that--and you are going to remember  this story, Rob--was when my daughter started college, and Senator  Portman was going to speak at the college because his son was there,  and he figured out that she was there, and he personally invited her to  his talk at a residential college. She was a brandnew freshman. She  went in there and sat down. She told me how nervous she was.   Two hours later, she comes back and calls me. Rob had spoken in his  typical way, in a very, very authoritative manner but in a very nice  way--maybe a little critical of the then-President, President Obama,  where he didn't agree with him. My daughter, a freshman in college,  calls me and says: Mom, you know, Senator Portman said this. Why didn't  President Obama do this? Why did this happen that way?   I said: Honey--I explained everything, and I said: Abigail, you have  lived with me for 18 years, and I would hope that you would give some  credence to what I said. You have been with Rob Portman for an hour and  a half.   She said: But Mom--I will never forget this--Senator Portman is  really distinguished, Mom. Senator Portman has a lot of dignity, Mom.   Anyway, this was a family story for a long period of time, and I  think part of that was he was able to reach out to students at a  school, able to make his case, make the world bigger for my daughter in  that way, just as he has made the world bigger for all of us.   For me, it started with our work on human trafficking under both  Democratic and Republican Presidents. It extended into, I remember, the  work on the USMCA. There was a moment where we feared Canada was not  going to be with us and it was just going to be USMA, and the head of  the Canadian Inter-Parliamentary Group reached out to Rob and many  other Senators. But Rob was incredibly helpful in working with the  previous administration to work out some details and get that done.   You mentioned in your speech, Rob, fentanyl and our work together on  that. You have just been tremendous in understanding that there are two  sides of this: prosecution, going after the bad guys and doing  everything we can to keep drugs out of the hands of people who don't  deserve to get addicted to them, but also the treatment and the--what  we did, along with Sheldon Whitehouse and, way back then, Kelly Ayotte  and many others, with the First Step Act and your understanding of the  need to work on addiction.   For me, lastly, I will just say there is no better sign that you were  someone, as Senator Blunt was saying, who wasn't just kind of ending  your time with doing nothing--far from it. There is everything from the  infrastructure bill--I see Senator Sinema here--to the work you have  done with so many.   For me, it was your devotion to Ukraine. People who will never know  your name, who will never know how many times you went there to stand  up for the people of their country against the inhuman barbarism of  Vladimir Putin--I remember standing with you at that mass grave, at  those burned-out apartment buildings, and the way you were able to make  the case, working with the State Department, for what the people of  Ukraine needed and what would work and the thoughtful and considerate  way that people at our Embassy--all the work that they did. I remember  the joy we took in finding out that one of the top names that week for  new babies in Ukraine was HIMARS and the smile on your face.   Rob, we are going to miss you so much, but just as John said, I have  a feeling that this is not your last act and that, along with Jane and  your wonderful family, there will be much more to come.   Thank you, Senator Portman.   