 Madam Chair, I rise in support of the motion to recommit  and in opposition to the underlying bill.   The legislation before us today is rightly labeled a wildfire  response bill. But, Madam Chair, I believe instead of just focusing on  wildfire response, we as Congress should be focused on wildfire  prevention.   The most immediate way to protect Americans who are threatened by  potential catastrophic wildfire is to prevent these fires from  happening in the first place, and the only way to do this is to  actively manage our forests.   Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support my bill, the Wildfire  Prevention and Drought Mitigation Act, which is a part of this motion  to recommit. This legislation would grant categorical exclusion  authority for forest management projects whose primary purpose is to  protect municipal water resources and to improve watershed health,  water yield, and snowpack.   In addition, projects that are specifically tailored to adapt a  forest landscape to an increased threat of drought would be granted  categorical exclusion authority. Granting categorical exclusion  authority to these projects would streamline the NEPA process and  protect communities in my district that are adjacent to fire-prone  forests.   The underlying bill we are debating here today will make it more  difficult to prevent wildfires by adding new red tape and locking up  millions of acres in wilderness. This is the same approach and  continues to hurt my constituents.   Just a few months ago, the Black fire burned over 300,000 acres of  mostly wilderness area in my district. In northern New Mexico, the  devastating Hermits Peak-Calf Canyon fire burned through the unmanaged  Pecos Wilderness and became the largest fire in our State history.  These fires have destroyed hundreds of homes and will cost New Mexicans  millions of dollars to clean up the damage and rebuild. All of this was  preventable.   Instead of making it more difficult to prevent catastrophic  wildfires, as the underlying bill would do, I ask my colleagues to  support this motion to recommit.   