 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Mr. Alex  Wagner, the President's nominee to be Assistant Secretary of the  Department of Air Force for Manpower and Reserve Affairs; and Mr.  Ashish Vazirani, nominee to be Deputy Under Secretary for Personnel and  Readiness.   As a Member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I know that  the most important investment for our national security is in our  servicemembers--our real competitive advantage with Russia and China.   Mr. Wagner brings a combination of public and private sector  experience to the table. He will be key in recruiting, training, and  retaining the talent needed to compete in the 21st century.   Absent his leadership, we may miss important opportunities to invest  in our servicemembers at a time when we are still standing up a new  military branch, the Space Force.   Mr. Vazirani will be responsible for ensuring that we take care of  our people, a priority for the Secretary and everyone in this body.   Mr. Vazirani has significant private sector experience as a  consultant and manager. Further, he served in the Navy and is the  father of a marine. He has the firsthand experience and knowledge that  we need to help improve the opportunities available to military  families and spouses.   Both of these nominees are needed to help implement important  priorities, like the Independent Review Commission's sexual assault  recommendations, improving diversity in the force, and addressing  mental health and suicide.   Both of these nominees are focused on taking care of our people and  ensuring the Department has in place the workforce with the skill sets  that we need to be successful in strategic competition with Russia and  China.   Put simply, if you are serious about countering Russia and China, you  should allow these nominees to be confirmed. And if you are serious  about taking care of those who serve, you should allow these nominees  to be confirmed.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider the following nominations, en bloc:  Calendar Nos. 477 and 599; that the Senate vote on the nominations, en  bloc, without intervening action or debate; that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that any  statements related to the nominations be printed in the Record; that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; and that  the Senate then resume legislative session.    I am disappointed that my Republican colleague blocked  confirmation of these nominations.   These nominees have been held up since last year. They were approved  by the Armed Services Committee with a bipartisan vote and only one  Member recorded as a no. It is time to end these delays and confirm  these nominees.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   