 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this far-reaching spending bill that  lowers costs, creates jobs, and rethreads our safety net.   As chair of the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans  Affairs, and Related Agencies, I am very proud of our funding for  veterans, servicemembers, and their families.   We steer $14.9 billion to critical base infrastructure to add new  barracks and childcare centers and rid military family housing of mold  and lead. It also invests in climate change and energy resilience on  bases, devoting $150 million to PFAS contamination cleanup.   It provides more to NATO and the European Deterrence Initiative,  devoting $631 million to confront Russian aggression.   For Veterans Affairs, it provides $112 billion to tackle disability  claim backlogs, boost medical research, fully fund veteran medical  care, and make major investments in women's health and mental health  and suicide and homelessness prevention.   I thank Ranking Member Carter and Ranking Member Granger for our  close work together on this good bill, and I thank both the majority  and minority staff.   I am very proud of what this bill delivers to Florida, like investing  $2 million into the Virginia Graeme Baker pool and spa safety grant  program to curb drownings.   We also add a record $350 million to restore the Everglades, the  lifeblood of south Florida. This is on top of the $1.1 billion  President Biden just allocated to our River of Grass in the bipartisan  infrastructure law.  [[Page H1410]]    Florida cities win, too, because we unleash infrastructure funds and  provide local government formula funding and fund local community  projects for the first time in more than a decade. For Dania Beach,  that is $3 million to rebuild the C.W. Thomas Park Community Center. In  Sunrise, it is $2 million for flood protection.   There is tons more, from increased breast cancer screenings and  reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act to provide lifesaving  funds to curb domestic violence and sexual assaults. We even create a  cancer screening program for disadvantaged communities that honors our  departed dear friend, Alcee Hastings.   Mr. Speaker, this bill helps every American every day. I urge my  colleagues to support it.   