 Madam Speaker, I first thank the chairman of the Energy  and Commerce Committee, Mr. Pallone, for his leadership and all of my  colleagues on the committee who have worked so hard.   I think today is a hallelujah day, and I say this because two of the  greatest challenges facing our country are the following.   The climate crisis: This is the single largest investment to take on  the climate crisis head-on. I hear from children as young as first  graders in my district caring about this issue. Two years ago this  time, I had 77,000 evacuees from the wildfires in my congressional  district. Taking on the climate crisis is absolutely essential.   Seniors, the Medicare beneficiaries, we are changing their  prescription drug prices today because Medicare will be able to  directly negotiate and bring the prices down.   Cap insulin at $35 a month--Senate Republicans sabotaged that cap on  insulin for all Americans. I don't know how any politician can go home  and brag about that.   The out-of-pocket costs for Medicare beneficiaries will not exceed  $2,000 a year.   We are investing in the IRS. My constituents have been waiting for  too  [[Page H7684]]  long for their refunds. Added staff is going to expedite the services  that the IRS and the American people need from the IRS.   Finally, deficit reduction--yes, America, this is paid for.   This is truly a hallelujah day. This is a red, white, and blue bill.  It is good for all Americans, and it will advance our collective future  of America.    Madam Speaker, our Nation has major challenges that have  kept me awake at night.   The clarion call from young climate activists concerned they won't  have a planet to grow old on. I've heard seniors describe their  inability to afford their prescription drugs.   Today, we change all this by the largest and boldest effort to  address climate change in American history. It honors our commitments  under the Paris Agreement by investing $369 billion in tax credits,  loans, and grants to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent by  2030.   For seniors, the Inflation Reduction Act reduces prescription drug  costs through policies developed by the Health Subcommittee I chair.  Over the past three years, we held six hearings focused on this  challenge.   The hearings brought forward the fact that our Nation has been held  back for 20 years by a law that prohibits Medicare from negotiating  directly with drug companies. Not anymore.   The bill also ensures Medicare beneficiaries won't pay more than  $2,000 annually for prescription drugs, and no more than $35 for  insulin every month.   This legislation also lowers health care premiums by strengthening  the Affordable Care Act to save an average of $800 per year for 13  million people.   Finally, the entire legislation is paid for by making billion-dollar  companies pay their fair share and lowers the federal deficit by more  than $300 billion.   Throughout my service in Congress, my top priorities have been to  grow our economy, make health care more affordable, and address climate  change. Today's transformative legislation meets these challenges, and  I urge my colleagues to vote for it.   