 Madam President, this week, the Senate considers  two outstanding nominees to the U.S. District Court for the District of  Nevada. They have my full support and the support of Senator Rosen, and  I urge the Senate to confirm them.   Nevada's Federal bench has had vacancies since 2016 and 2018, so the  need is urgent. Senator Rosen and I have carefully reviewed the records  of the President's nominees, Judge Cristina Silva and Professor Anne  Traum, in cooperation with the bipartisan judicial commissions in our  State.   Both of these women have the skill, the dedication, and knowledge of  the law to serve Nevadans and the Nation as district court judges.  Judge Cristina Silva held leadership positions at the U.S. Attorney's  Office for the District of Nevada, where she became the first woman and  Latina to serve as chief of the criminal division and worked on the  investigation into the Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting in Las Vegas.   Since 2019, she has been a judge on the Eighth Judicial District  Court in Las Vegas. Nevada has benefited immensely from Judge Silva's  public service, and I am confident she will continue that service on  the Federal bench.   Professor Anne Traum has served as an attorney for civil courts in  the U.S. Attorney's Office, as an assistant Federal public defender,  and as a practitioner who has argued more than 30 cases before the  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   She currently teaches at UNLV's William S. Boyd School of Law, where  she directs the law school's appellate clinic in working on cases  before the Ninth Circuit and the Nevada Supreme Court.   Professor Traum's record, as both a practitioner and as an academic,  will make her a strong addition to the U.S. District Court.   These two nominees have received the support of many in Nevada's  legal community, including former Republican Governor Brian Sandoval, a  former Federal judge himself. They have demonstrated their commitment  to justice, the law, and to their community.   They represent the best of Nevada, and I will vote for them  enthusiastically, and I ask and call on my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   