 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5577, legislation that I introduced to rename the main post office on  Crown Road in Atlanta after my mentor and predecessor, a friend to many  of us, Congressman John Robert Lewis.   Giving the Fifth Congressional District's main United States post  office Congressman Lewis' name is a proper, lasting tribute to the life  of a civil rights hero. And to have the people's House take this bill  up on the first day of Black History Month could not be more fitting.   Congressman Lewis was a Freedom Rider, the youngest speaker at the  1963 March on Washington, a recipient of the Presidential Medal of  Freedom, and the conscience of the Congress.   The sacrifices Congressman Lewis made paved the way for me to even  stand before you today as a Member of this body.   Congressman Lewis was a natural leader, and nearly 2 years after his  passing, his mere memory has united over 360 cosponsors to honor his  life and legacy by designating the John R. Lewis Postal Building.   As I reflect on the power of over four-fifths of this body coming  together to honor the life of Congressman Lewis, I can only imagine the  good we could do by coming together in the same numbers to advance what  Congressman Lewis called the beloved community; the good we could do by  standing together, fiercely defending the civil rights that Congressman  Lewis put his life on the line for; the good we could do if we all said  something, did something, whenever we see something that is not right;  the good we could all do if we heeded the words in Congressman Lewis'  final essay ``to answer the highest calling of your heart and stand up  for what you truly believe.''   While it speaks volumes that so many of us have united to commemorate  Congressman Lewis, it would shout to the heavens where Mr. Lewis could  hear us if we united with the same energy in the spirit of justice and  moral obligation.   As we look at the trying times that our country is facing, let us not  only honor Congressman Lewis with the post office. Let us channel  Congressman Lewis every day in Congress. Let's make sure today's  passage of H.R. 5577 is only a starting point for our work ahead in his  honor.   