 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Johnson and House  leadership for finding a path forward on this important bill.   I am so pleased to see renewed enthusiasm for Federal scientific  investment under this administration and in this Congress.   The investments contained in the bill could hardly be more urgent.  Over the past few decades, Federal investment in research and  development has flatlined as a share of the overall U.S. economy.  Meanwhile, our global competitors are jump-starting innovation and  economic growth by accelerating investment. Without action, they will  soon outpace us.   America needs to improve the speed and scale of scientific research  while promoting innovative solutions.   This is a matter of national security.   Members of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee have  worked hard to advance bipartisan innovation bills included in this  package as strong counterparts to the Senate-passed U.S. Innovation and  Competition Act. The proposals offer a strategic and sustainable plan  to grow American science, innovation, and technology to ensure our  investments are aligned with the best interests of our scientific  enterprise and builds on successful prior efforts. It includes  provisions to diversify our workforce.   Additionally, to firmly establish the U.S. as a global leader in  innovation and to compete for generations to come, we must build our  domestic STEM workforce and encourage startup companies to establish  roots here.   While increasing STEM scholarships for U.S. students, the act  simultaneously draws the world's best and brightest STEM doctoral  recipients and company founders to the U.S. It ensures that individuals  who earned STEM doctoral degrees from top research universities will be  eligible for permanent residence.   Unlike Canada, the United Kingdom, and Germany, our laws don't  provide a visa option for company founders to start a new venture and  create jobs in the United States. This act would fix this.   I thank Priscilla Kim on my staff for the hard work she put into  this, and once again, I thank our most wonderful chairwoman, Eddie  Bernice Johnson.    Madam Speaker, as the designee of Chairwoman Johnson,  pursuant to House Resolution 900, I offer amendments en bloc.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Madam Speaker, these amendments, although I am sure offered in good  faith, diminish the value in the underlying bill. Not only the  underlying bill, but the bipartisan amendments just adopted or that we  will adopt tomorrow or Friday.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose these amendments, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, once again, I urge opposition to this en  bloc amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   