 Mr. Speaker, I am so glad to be here tonight, and I am so  proud that the gentlewoman put this together for all of us.   Mr. Speaker, to say that I am deeply disappointed is really an  understatement. I have to tell you, many people in our country think  that the word ``abortion'' is taboo, shouldn't be said, shouldn't be  uttered. The Republican Senate reiterated that this week. But worse, it  told women that we don't matter. It told women that we don't trust you.  It told women that you should not have agency over your body.   I have to tell you, I haven't spoken about my personal abortion ever  publicly until this week, and the reason is because of all of those  reasons, that are you shamed wherever you go. Even in this day and age,  in 2022, women are still shamed. We have to stop that.   One in four women in this country has an abortion. It is common and  something that people do actually every day. It is a common health  procedure.   When I was 19 years old, I was barely halfway through college, and I  found out I was pregnant. I was working two jobs, scrubbing floors and  tables, to get through college. I did not have the wherewithal but,  more importantly, I did not have the emotional ability to be supporting  a child.   Not only did I not have the infrastructure and the financial  resources, but I didn't have the wherewithal. I recognized that, and it  was a good decision. But it was still a difficult decision.   When Republican Senators tell us that we shouldn't have agency over  our bodies, it just reaffirms this taboo and this shame, and I have had  enough. All done. I will not allow people to shame me or anyone else  that has had a standard medical procedure called abortion. And I am  going to use that word a lot more than I have in the past, I will tell  you that.   But I have greater concerns. In addition to having an abortion,  having concerns about agency over body, I have real concerns for my  trans daughter. She came down the night that that opinion was leaked  and said: ``Mom, what does this mean?'' Do you know what? I didn't have  a lot of really great words for her.   When these reckless decisions are made by reckless people called  Republican Senators and extremists in their various religions, they  don't understand that they affect real people. That is the reason why I  sent personal letters to all the Republican Senators, plus Mr. Manchin,  who is in that boat of saying that everything is taboo, and we should  be shamed, and we shouldn't have agency over our bodies. I let them  know that we are people. My daughter and I are people, and we are all  going to speak up.   I just want to say one more thing about being people. We need people  in this body who have the lived experience and have been fighting this  fight for a long time. It is really important that we all speak up, but  it is really important that we mobilize as a country and that all of  these leaders in this body speak up.   I have to tell you, I am so disgusted that I haven't slept very well  this week at all. But here is what I do know: I cherish everybody, all  of my colleagues, my pro-choice colleagues. I cherish Chair Maloney,  our Progressive Caucus, all of our Democratic colleagues. I am so proud  to be here.   But we cannot let this happen. I know I am mobilizing. I know  everybody in this body is mobilizing. But I refuse to receive shame, or  to be told that I should have shame, or that I am a bad person because  I had a regular medical procedure.   I refuse to allow anyone to tell my daughter that she doesn't have  agency over her body.   I thank Chair Maloney for this opportunity tonight.   