 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in opposition to the Senate amendment to H.R. 6833, a  short-term continuing resolution extending government funding through  December 16. I oppose this CR for several reasons.   First, we should be here addressing the border crisis, the energy  crisis, and the inflation crisis. This bill does nothing to fix any of  these issues. In fact, this bill actually bails out the Biden  administration for their failures and provides additional  appropriations to put a Band-Aid on some of these problems for a few  more months.   For example, this bill includes nearly $2 billion in funding for  children and families flooding the border. Providing more funding  without changing the policies that led to this crisis will only  encourage more migrants to come.   Second, it is unfortunate this bill will be rushed through the House  today with just hours to spare to avoid a government shutdown. The  American people continue to wonder why Congress can't get its job done  until the very last minute and why we don't have more time to review  legislation.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.'' I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline), a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Virginia.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   Mr. Speaker, as I said before, we all know we must pass the CR to  keep the government open. But this bill is a wasted opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   