 Madam President, tonight, the President will deliver the  annual State of the Union Address. And I have to admit, as a result of  President Biden's policies over the past year, nearly everything is  up--consumer prices, up; violent crime, up; the national debt, illegal  border crossings, fatal drug overdoses, our trade deficit--they are all  up.   But what isn't up is the public's view of the President and his  policies. In poll after poll, the majority of Americans disapprove of  the job that President Biden is doing. On nearly every key issue facing  the country, Americans, by and large, just do not think Mr. Biden is up  to the job. And more than two-thirds of Americans lack confidence that  President Biden can bring the country closer together, something he  promised the American people that he would do. Folks, this is really no  surprise since it is, after all, the President's unpopular partisan  policies that are driving Americans further apart.   President Biden might try to mask himself as a moderate, but no one  is being fooled. Behind the mask, the real Biden agenda is more  mandates from Washington, higher prices for all Americans, and less  security at home and abroad. As a direct result of mandates imposed by  this administration, for example, thousands of healthcare workers have  lost their jobs at a time when we need them more than ever.   And because of the massive amount of money being printed in  Washington, inflation is soaring at its highest point in 40 years. The  cost of food, gas, housing, and just about everything else is  significantly more expensive today than it was before President Biden  was sworn into office.   The President chose leftwing climate fantasies over national  security. His doctrine of appeasement has resulted in America becoming  more energy dependent on foreign adversaries like Russia for the energy  that is necessary to heat our homes and keep our country on the move.  [[Page S852]]    And with the Russian military on the march in Europe and terrorists  in control of Afghanistan once again, the national and economic  security of our Nation has been set back decades. It is really quite  stunning and gravely concerning what an incredible mess President Biden  has created in such a short period of time.   Yet the White House is attempting to convince the American people  that everything is fine. The President called his hastily ordered exit  from Afghanistan an ``extraordinary success,'' despite leaving  thousands of Americans and allies behind.   And the Biden administration has repeatedly denied that rising prices  and empty shelves are even a problem, while fanning the flames of  inflation and out-of-control spending. Folks, if simply printing money  could solve the problem for us, we would be living in a utopia right  now since Washington spent nearly $7 trillion last year alone. Instead,  every American is feeling the pinch of Bidenomics--because spending is  not the solution, folks; it is the problem.   And you would think that in light of Putin's aggression and the  threats from other adversaries, our Commander in Chief would be focused  on strengthening and modernizing our defenses. Instead, funding for the  Department of Defense is being held hostage by the President and  Democrats in Congress until the widely popular 50-year-old ban on  taxpayer funding for abortions is repealed.   Folks, is this really the time to play abortion politics with our  Nation's national security?   Having spent the last half-century in Washington, President Biden is  totally out of touch with the everyday needs of Iowa families. And the  world around us has become much more dangerous under his watch.   Just remember as you listen to his address, every time the President  proposes increasing Washington spending, that translates into higher  prices and taxes for you. Every new government expansion the President  proposes means more Washington mandates and control over you. And no  matter who he blames for the security crises we are in now, it is the  President's poor decisions and lack of leadership that continue to make  our Nation less safe at home and abroad.   To get our Nation moving in the right direction, we need a forward- looking, freedom-first agenda. To ensure our families have and can  afford the food and essentials they need, the supply chain must be  fixed. To protect and prepare our children for the future, we need  schools to be a place of learning, not ``woke'' indoctrination. To  protect our Nation from foreign threats, we need to ensure U.S. energy  independence and the strength of our military remains unmatched. And to  form a more perfect union, Washington needs to stop micromanaging how  we live our lives and start abiding by the most important mandates  in America, the ones that are listed in our Constitution's Bill of  Rights, which protect us from government intrusion.    These goals don't represent a partisan platform but rather an  inclusive agenda for all Americans that puts each one of us back in  charge of the direction of our own lives. It is a vision based on  freedom, on liberty, on opportunity.   Folks, I know this vision works because that is exactly what is  happening in my home State of Iowa under the leadership of our Governor  and my friend, Kim Reynolds. She has led with Iowa common sense and  compassion since day one.   Right now, Governor Reynolds is expanding opportunities for everyone  by cutting taxes to help families and small businesses. She is standing  up for our freedom, putting our kids first, and ensuring parents have  their voices heard.   Under her leadership, Iowa was the first State to reopen our schools  during the pandemic. Governor Reynolds is pushing back on the massive  Washington overreach from President Biden and standing up for our way  of life. And she is fighting to keep the left's ``woke'' agenda out of  Iowa.   Folks, Governor Kim Reynolds is the perfect choice for the Republican  response to tonight's State of the Union Address and her record of  success in Iowa is the ideal contrast to the life in Joe Biden's  America.   Things are not fine, folks. You and I know that, and we feel that  every day. But Governor Reynolds--her leadership and her vision for a  better future--leaves me very optimistic about what lies ahead for  America.   I yield the floor.   