 Madam President, I rise in support of the Right to  Contraception Act.   Thirty-three days ago, the Supreme Court issued a rule shredding  nearly five decades of precedent protecting a woman's right to make her  own healthcare decisions. Now women, as we have seen over the last  weeks, are at the mercy--are at the mercy--of a patchwork of State laws  governing their ability to access reproductive care, leaving them with  fewer rights than their moms and their grandmas. So now a woman in  Minnesota has different rights when it comes to her reproductive care  than a woman in Missouri, and a woman in North Dakota has different  rights than a woman in Indiana. That is what we are dealing with right  now.   Two weeks ago, I joined several of my Democratic colleagues on the  floor to push for legislation to preserve a woman's right to travel to  other States to access reproductive care, led by Senator Cortez Masto.  Unfortunately, Republicans on the other side of the aisle blocked us  from that vote.   So we came back last week to push for legislation, led by my  colleague Senator Tina Smith, to protect and expand funding for a  program created under a Republican administration, a Republican  Presidential administration, to fund clinics that support maternal  care, conduct cancer screenings, and provide contraception, but, again,  that vote failed because we were not allowed to move forward with it.   So we came back to the floor today because if the Supreme Court won't  protect people's fundamental rights--that is why we have three branches  of government. That was the concept of our Founding Fathers. So if the  Supreme Court isn't going to protect people's fundamental rights, then  everyone in this Chamber has to decide whether or not they are going to  do it, and that includes making sure everyone can access contraception.   I am concerned that the worse is yet to come. Right now, State and  local legislators are literally racing, along with Governors, to be the  first to say: Which State can limit rights the most first? Which rights  can we take away? Sadly, it is not too hard to guess.   In his concurring opinion in Dobbs, Justice Thomas actually laid out  a roadmap with clear directions for how the Court could overturn the  right to contraception. He said that the Supreme Court ``should  reconsider''--``should reconsider,'' those two words--whether the  Constitution protects the right to access contraception, as well as the  right to marry whomever you love. Why? Because he talked about looking  at other cases with regard to the right to privacy.   The Supreme Court has recognized the right to access contraception  for more than 57 years, but the conservative Justices on the Supreme  Court have shown they won't hesitate to overturn decades-old precedent  no matter what they say at their Supreme Court hearings.   This threat is not hypothetical. Last year, the Missouri State  Legislature tried to cut off public funding for widely used  contraceptives, like IUDs and Plan B. Mississippi's Governor has  refused to rule out banning contraception. A bill was introduced in  Louisiana this spring that could be used to make IUDs illegal.   These radical proposals don't just hurt those in the States that  implement the bans. Since the Dobbs decision, we have now seen how  State bans create an uncertain legal environment for doctors and strain  resources at clinics in States like Minnesota because the North Dakota  clinic had to literally start a GoFundMe page to be able to get the  costs paid for--the costs, of course, of moving the clinic from Fargo,  ND, to Moorehead. That is what is happening right now in my State.   We cannot settle for a situation, as I noted, where people in my  State have different rights than women in Mississippi or Missouri. And  with so many extreme politicians out there racing to State capitals to  be the first to take people's rights away, we need to explicitly  protect the right to access contraception and information about  contraception.   I will note that more than 80 percent of Americans support access to  contraception. That is why I joined with Senators Markey, Hirono,  Murray, and Duckworth in cosponsoring this bill to protect the right to  access contraception and information about contraceptives. This bill  safeguards a patient's ability to seek contraceptives and a healthcare  provider's ability to provide those critical services.   The right to contraception can't just be an empty promise. That is  why the bill gives the Department of Justice, as well as patients and  doctors, the power to make sure that we don't infringe on the right to  contraception.   I am proud to join my colleagues, and for the last 33 days I have  been thinking about all the women in this country facing an  unacceptably uncertain future. Today, each and every one of my  colleagues had the opportunity to make clear where they stand, but,  when given the opportunity, some seized the opportunity to protect the  right to contraception, some did not.   I hope that some of our colleagues will change their minds and we can  move forward with this and put in place these laws protecting the right  to travel; protecting the right to contraception; and, of course, in  the end, protecting a woman's fundamental right to make her own  reproductive decisions about abortion.   I yield the floor.   