 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for bringing his superior knowledge of our Constitution and  the law of the land to bear in this important debate for the children.   Yesterday, as we had the debate on so many other pieces of  legislation which passed with bipartisan support, we said it was of the  children, by the children, and for the children. ``Of them'' because  they are suffering. ``By them'' because they are testifying in the  Congress of the United States, apparently to no avail to some in the  Congress, but making an emotional appeal of the facts of their case to  the American people, and again, all of it for the children.   The Protecting Our Kids Act, I thank the chairman for bringing that  to the floor. The legislation passed yesterday. It has strong steps to  save lives, whether it is raising the age to purchase weapons of war,  outlawing bump stocks and high-capacity magazines designed for mass  murder, cracking down on gun trafficking and ghost guns, and  strengthening safe storage requirements, to name just a few.   Today, the House builds on this progress by passing our Federal  Extreme Risk Protection Order Act, another lifesaving measure aimed at  preventing the next tragic shooting before it is too late.   Too often, what we know is that those who pose a risk of gun violence  show early warning signs: a menacing message online, a troubled message  to a loved one. Yet, in too many communities across the country,  concerned family members, friends, and law enforcement have no legal  pathway to get deadly weapons out of the hands of these troubled  individuals.   Under the leadership of Congresswoman Lucy McBath, the House will  pass a bill empowering family members and law enforcement to seek a  Federal court order to temporarily remove access to a gun from  individuals who pose a threat to themselves and to others.   Thanks to the leadership of Congressman Salud Carbajal, this  legislation will include incentives to encourage more States to adopt  extreme risk protection order laws of their own. The incentives exist  in many States, but not all.   Doing so will not only protect from mass shootings but also from the  quiet daily massacre by suicide and gun crimes. These so-called red  flag laws by some are saving lives in the 19 States and, as was  mentioned, the District of Columbia, where they have been enacted. The  statistics show that.   The American people are overwhelmingly for this lifesaving measure.  Recent polling shows 8 in 10 Americans support it.   Madam Speaker, as you know, and you have experienced it in your  State, gun violence in our Nation has reached a fever pitch in recent  weeks. People keep saying again and again and again that we have gun  violence. I would say it is not again and again and again; it is  always. It is not one after another; it is ongoing, whether it is mass  murders that are high profile or every night in cities and places  across our country.   Sadly, too many Members think, in the wake of gun violence, a moment  of silence is sufficient--a moment of silence. As Mr. Higgins said  following the Buffalo massacre, we have a moment of silence, and then  we must have action--and then we must have action.   Today, all Members have a chance to take action, to vote for another  strong step, giving our communities a chance to prevent the next  massacre. The next massacre could be a family tragedy, so it is  personal as well as community protection.   Indeed, if you knew where and when the next gun incident would be,  how could you oppose having the tools to possibly stop it? If you knew  that children could possibly be exposed because of the action of  someone practically a child themselves, still a teenager, having access  to a weapon of war, why wouldn't you want to take action to stop it?   I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us in  a strong bipartisan ``aye'' vote for this legislation. In States across  the country, this is not partisan at all. Let's hope that it will not  be in the House of Representatives.   At the same time, we remain very prayerful and hopeful that the  Senate will soon reach bipartisan agreement so that we will move a step  closer to freeing our children from the horrors of gun violence, once  and for all--our children, whether it is violence to them or violence  to their parents and family members.   For the children, of the children, by the children, that is our  mission. I urge an ``aye'' vote.   