 Madam Speaker, it has been less than 3 weeks since Mitch  McConnell's hand-picked, rightwing Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade  and with it 50 years of settled law regarding the fundamental privacy  right of women to make their own decisions regarding their own  healthcare. That decision has also called into question a host of other  privacy rights that Americans had taken for granted, including the  right to obtain contraception and the right to interracial and same-sex  marriage.   Not surprisingly, the result has been chaos.   Why?   Because this decision is deeply unpopular and goes against the values  of a strong majority of Americans: that a woman should have the  essential freedom to decide when and if to bear children and how many  and that politicians should not be in the business of mandating that  women carry dangerous or unwanted pregnancies to term.   But in the wake of that extremist decision, we are already seeing  politicians across the country seize this moment to substitute their  own religious, economic, and, frankly, misogynistic views for that of  women who have to live with the consequences of those reproductive  healthcare decisions.   The vast majority of Americans understand that we don't need or want  politicians invading our doctors' offices and a woman's privacy to  impose an extremist, minority view because the reality is that these  decisions are complicated. They are complicated by the physical health  of both the woman and the fetus. They are complicated by the mental and  financial health of the family. They are complicated by whether or not  the pregnancy was the result of abuse or criminal activity. They are  complicated by the religious beliefs of those involved because the  rightwing views on pregnancy that the conservative Court has adopted  are not shared by most Americans or by the medical profession or even  by all major religions.   These decisions are complicated by whether or not there was access to  birth control.   In a society that for decades has prioritized the well-being of  unborn fetuses over that of children and families or even the health of  pregnant women, it is complicated by whether or not a family has the  means to provide for the basic needs of a mother or child, much less  the opportunity for them to thrive or even enjoy life, liberty, or the  pursuit of happiness.   Unfortunately, the Republican legislature in Pennsylvania has jumped  on this rightwing bandwagon, as well. Last week, in the middle of the  night, Republican lawmakers in Pennsylvania changed the rules of their  house forbidding votes after 11 p.m. in order to ram through a  constitutional amendment to limit access to abortion care. They had to  use a constitutional amendment to get around the Governor's veto and  regular order because their proposal is deeply unpopular with the  majority of Pennsylvanians.   These attacks on our essential American freedoms cannot stand. Our  families and freedoms are on the line, and it is more important than  ever that we fight to protect and expand reproductive freedom.   The bills we are considering today are a critical fight for a world  where all Americans--no matter who they are, where they live, or what  they believe--have the freedom to make their own decisions about if and  when to start or grow a family. So I am proud to support the passage of  both the Women's Health Protection Act for a second time in this  Congress and the Ensuring Access to Abortion Act.   As we see States start to pass laws that would limit the right of  women to travel--think about that, the right to travel--to obtain  healthcare, the Ensuring Access to Abortion Act makes it possible and  safe for women needing abortion care to travel to States where it is  accessible. These two bills are critical to enshrining a woman's right  to an abortion and to reproductive healthcare into Federal law. I am  proud to support these bills.   