 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am just profoundly sad and also humbled  and proud to honor the memory of a cherished son of Wyoming. More than  anything, I rise to honor my longtime friend Leland Christensen.   Leland was most recently State director for my U.S. Senate office.  Truly, his death cuts me to the depths of my heart. I have known Leland  for decades, and there are few losses in my life that I have ever felt  as deeply as this one. Leland was all Wyoming. He was tough as nails,  endlessly patient, and unwaveringly kind.   Prior to his time in my office, Leland served the people of Wyoming  and our great Nation in a number of roles. He was formerly a member of  the Wyoming National Guard; a sheriff; a county commissioner for Teton  County; a State senator and chair of our State senate's Judiciary  Committee; a deputy director of the Wyoming Office of Homeland  Security; and, of course, most recently, State director for our U.S.  Senate office.   When I was elected to the U.S. Senate, I knew I needed Leland on my  [[Page S700]]  team because he loved Wyoming people. He loved to help his fellow man.  He cared about the challenges faced by our State and its people. His  smile would light up every room, and his laugh was infectious. He was a  joy to be with. He was my dear friend.   He even guided my daughter and me into the Teton wilderness, along  with his own family, on horseback to Hawks Rest, the most remote place  in the lower 48 States--in tents, in the rain, fishing, with mules,  panniers, packs. It was an incredible experience. We also floated the  Snake River together, with Leland at the helm of his own raft.   His knowledge and skill had a timeless quality to them. He rescued  people in swollen rivers. He rescued their horses. He searched for  people in wilderness areas because he knew the wilderness areas like  the back of his hand.   He was a totally unique human being. His knowledge and skill were so  timeless, he would have thrived and excelled had he lived 200 years ago  just as surely as he did in the 21st century, where he skillfully  navigated legislation, people issues, computer issues, and listened to  endless books on tape while he traveled all over Wyoming. He was a  timeless, wonderful individual.   I can honestly say I never worried about whether my team was taking  care of the needs of my constituents in Wyoming because I always knew  that Leland was watching. He always made sure that anyone who needed  help with a Federal Agency was assisted and that our team was doing  everything possible to help them resolve their problems. By every  estimation--certainly by my estimation--he was 10 feet tall and  bulletproof.   But, in His own good time, God calls all His children home to be of  service there. Leland was prepared for his service in Heaven each and  every day throughout his entire life in Wyoming. I can remember Leland  praying before a meal out in the wilderness with such gratitude that  you had heard a sermon in gratitude by the time he was done offering  grace over a meal.   I have talked a lot about Leland as a public servant and a friend,  but he was first and foremost a loving and devoted father and husband.  I am mourning his loss with his wife Anita; children Hunter, Brittany,  Simone, Jed, and Wyatt; their spouses; and his grandchildren.   My staff and I, many of whom are here today joining me in this Senate  Chamber, along with the entire Wyoming community, tens of thousands of  whom knew Leland and loved Leland, are all praying for Leland's family.  Words cannot truly convey the loss that we as a team feel since Leland  passed away.   I have worked with hundreds of colleagues, many of whom I have cared  for very much, but rarely do I come across someone whose sincere  humility, generosity, and selflessness come close to those of Leland  Christensen. Every day spent with Leland was a better day. He was the  definition of both ``civil servant'' and ``statesman.''   On behalf of the people of Wyoming, I want to say thank you for his  service to our State and our country.   I yield the floor.   