 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are all watching the news this  morning, as a very, very threatening and ferocious hurricane is bearing  down on Florida, a storm that is causing great anxiety. Hopefully,  people are as prepared as they can be, but the consequences of these  storms, these disasters that we are seeing, are ravaging in ways that  are seemingly more ferocious than before.   We saw that last week in Puerto Rico, and, just about 10 days ago, we  felt the effects of Typhoon Merbok on the western coast of Alaska. I  would like to take just a few minutes here this afternoon because, as I  was watching the news as this Hurricane Ian is approaching the coast of  Florida, I can't help but think about what the folks back home are  facing as they have lived through a very terrifying disaster like the  typhoon and then what happens next, because, unfortunately--and you  know in your State very well with the fires that ravaged New Mexico-- disasters come through and the attention of the country is focused on  that, and we all want to be there to be of help and of assistance.   We have FEMA and we have the Red Cross, and we have everybody that is  there, and it is all very important and very well intended. But then  the next disaster comes. So maybe--I don't know--maybe, the people in  New Mexico are thinking that we have forgotten them. I don't want the  people of Alaska to think that we have forgotten what happened in their  communities.   Typhoon Merbok came up from Japan, came across the gulf, up into the  Bering Sea, and impacted an area of land on the coast of Alaska in  excess of 1,000 miles.   To put it into context, it is as if the entire west coast of the  United States--from the Canadian border all the way down to Mexico-- were impacted and inundated by one massive storm. That is the size and  the scope of what we experienced: hurricane-force winds and, in the  Bering Sea, waves as high as 50 feet.   The impact to the land was extraordinary, with the strength of the  wind, but it was this massive storm surge that came. We get tough  storms in the Bering Sea. We get really tough storms in the Gulf of  Alaska. But what we saw this year was a storm that was earlier in its  intensity than we have seen in previous years.   Oftentimes, people think about Alaska and think, man, it must be  tough when the ice is formed out over the whole sea and everything is  locked in. Actually, that is when we have safety, because when there is  ice, it takes you all the way up to the shoreline, and these massive  storms with the wind can't build the waves to that level to eat away at  the shore, to cause the destruction that we are seeing with, again, the  intensity of the impact of this storm.   We in Alaska are lucky. There were no people who were killed or  injured. Really, it is astonishing, given all that the area sustained.  I think part of that was just due to being prepared, knowing that  everybody had to hunker down. But when your community then is,  literally, separated in two, as they were in Hooper Bay, where on the  old side of town you are cut off from your evacuation center, which is  the school, because the waters have risen to the point where it is no  longer accessible, there is no way to get to safety, and it is blowing  80 miles an hour in the middle of the night, the only place that you  can go to is the next house up, hoping it is going to be a little bit  higher above the water.   And so it is a recognition that preparation is going to be key to  saving lives, but it is also making sure that our coastal communities  that are so exposed, as the many in Western Alaska are, that they are  able to push back or hold back to the extent possible.   For some of the erosion, the threat that comes their way, we have  seawalls that are nothing more than boulders that are built up, dunes  and berms that have been built over the years. But, again, we recognize  how minimal that  [[Page S5121]]  is in terms of a protective barrier when you have the extent and  intensity of these storms.   This is where many Alaskans are feeling very exposed and very  vulnerable, knowing we made it through this storm, but what happens  with the next one, because now that berm in Shaktoolik is completely  eroded away. For a good portion of the seawall in Nome, the rocks are  just jumbled and scattered. What we saw in Elim, around their front  street there, they had a seawall of sorts. It was like a giant had come  in and just picked up those boulders and sprinkled them, threw them all  around. The front street there that had just been asphalted a couple of  years ago--the pieces of asphalt almost lifted up, peeled back like a  piece of taffy, just curled over the beach there. You look at that and  you cannot comprehend the strength of that storm surge, the strength of  what had caused that to just buckle and heave and, literally, melt.   I had a chance over this weekend to go and visit the area. I flew up  to Nome, and we were able to go out to Golovin and Elim on the first  day. Elim is a community of about 125 people--pretty small. It is  pretty small but pretty important in terms of what they do. They are  trying to build a little subsistence harbor there. They are resilient  people. But some of what we saw with the erosion and what that will  mean to them and their community--what it is going to mean to them and  their water supply.   Golovin is a little bit bigger of a community, several hundred  people. Golovin was impacted in a way and a manner that was just almost  mind-boggling. The surge from the storm came up over this isthmus  there, literally lifting homes up off their foundation, floating them  and depositing them in different locations.   We went down a couple of different streets, and you come around and  there is a house literally in the middle of the road, and people are  moving their four-wheelers on either side of it because the house is in  the middle of the road. Another one on another corner that had been  floated across was just kind of catawampus. These homes will never be  habitable again.   Sand--you look at it from the air, and it is lovely golden sand, not  something you would expect to see on the coast of Western Alaska. But  this sand now has inundated the entire lower part of the community,  making it a thick, spongy, soft--interesting, but it is really very,  very impractical in terms of how we move this wet, soggy sand out of  everything that has come into the community here.   The areas underneath the homes--the homes in most of these western  communities are elevated on stilts, not very high but they are all  elevated. They are elevated because you do have instances of flooding.  But the flooding was so high that it came up underneath the belly board  of these homes and saturated the insulation underneath with water. But  worse to the point is that water was mixed with the diesel, the diesel  that had come from people's home heating fuel, their stove oil, the  fuel they may have had for their snow machines or their four-wheelers.  You could smell, going into the homes, the diesel that was below. What  everyone was doing was literally ripping the insulation out from  underneath their homes and buckets full of--dozer loads full of wet,  soggy, contaminated insulation was being hauled off to the dump.   So that is all the activity that is going on now, and it is fast and  it is frenetic. And it needs to be because on the day that I was there  in Golovin and Elim, then 2 days later when I was in Hooper Bay and  Chevak, the weather was kind of nice. It was decent. But in about 2  weeks--in about maybe 3 weeks--winter comes. Winter is on its way.   When winter comes, you can't move around. When the ice comes down out  of the north, you don't have fuel barges that return to the area until  the spring. That fuel barge comes in maybe May; in the upper river  regions, June. Think about that. If you lost your fuel and the last  fuel barge has come and gone and you weren't filled up, it is a long  wait. What do you do? If you can't barge it in, you fly it in. Imagine  what it means to fly in your fuel into these villages.   Construction materials. How do we get the construction materials up  there, whether it is the sheetrock or the plywood or the insulation?  You put it on the barge. Well, the last barges are like the fuel  trucks. Barges won't be back until the spring. Right now, people are  planning on: I need to fix up my home, but I am not going to be able to  get the materials until June. What happens in the meantime? What  happens in the meantime as winter comes? If you don't have any  insulation under your home, if you haven't been able to get your home  situated, you are going to be pretty vulnerable.   You may have made it through the storm, but it may be a very, very  difficult and cold winter. It may be that your family of eight is now  going to have to move in with another family that is already in an  overcrowded situation. We don't have extra housing. There is no extra  housing.   Everybody is moving as quickly as they possibly can to try to bring  relief. We have the National Guard that are doing amazing things. Red  Cross was out there analyzing. We were out there with the FEMA  administrator. I took her to Nome, was able to take her to Golovin. She  was able to see the destruction that came to the fish camps right  outside of Nome. Fish camps are not where people go for a holiday. Fish  camp is where people work. This is where they harvest and they process  and they prepare their food, whether it is the salmon nets to catch the  salmon, the Beluga nets, the gear that they have for their fishing. If  they are able to get caribou or moose, this is where they come and they  process. They harvested their berries. Everything kind of comes  together at fish camp. Then you are ready for winter.   What happens when you have harvested and gathered and fished and you  put it all in your freezer and then the power goes out, as it did for  multiple days, and you lose everything in your freezer? The power went  out here in Washington, DC, when I was back in Alaska in August, and I  lost the stuff in my freezer. You know what? I am just fine. I can go  down to the grocery store here. Folks in Elim don't have that  opportunity.   The people in Golovin and Chevak and Hooper Bay and Shaktoolik and  all the other places that have been impacted--the outdoors is their  grocery store and the outdoor grocery store is now shut down because  salmon season is over, fishing is pretty much over, berries are gone,  moose and caribou--maybe they will be able to get a little bit of game,  maybe not.   Think about what that means when your food source is now gone. You  lost your boat because that was swept away or demolished. You have lost  your motor. This is not a recreational boat. This is how you feed your  family; this is how you live. The four-wheelers are just thrown up and  crumbled and crushed. That is not recreation; that is how people move  around. When you think about the ability then to--what do you do now?  What do you do now?   I am sharing this with people because this is what has been keeping  me up at night and getting me up really early in the morning to figure  out what more we can do--what more we can do to help the people in  these small communities that lived through a very scary natural  disaster but who have looming in front of them perhaps a very  frightening winter--a cold winter, one where their food resource is  gone, where the expense of living has always been high, but now--we  don't even know how to account for how high it is.   I was talking about this with a guy in Chevak who said he had ordered  a little bit of lumber. He was working on something. He didn't even say  what it was. It was $1,500 worth of lumber, but it cost him $2,200 to  get it there, to freight it up.   I went into the grocery store, as I do in as many of the small towns  and villages as I can. I always price things like, What is a box of  Tide? I know what it is in Anchorage, I know what it is in Fairbanks,  but in Chevak, it is $45 before the tax is added on to it.   But I had heard--I had heard this crazy story that water, bottled  water, was more expensive than fuel. That can't possibly be. Fuel is $7  a gallon out there in Nome and probably more than that in Chevak. A 24- pack of bottled water--I don't know what the label was, it was like  generic bottled water you probably get at Costco--$91.  [[Page S5122]]  That did include tax. It was $91 for bottled water. And this is in a  community where they were still on a boil water notice because they  were just still checking out their water systems.   We are working hard. Nobody is sitting back and waiting for the  Federal Government to come in and help them because they don't have  time. They are cleaning things up.   The FEMA administrator saw in Nome--in fairness compared to where she  was in Puerto Rico, it probably didn't look that bad. But when you peel  it back and you look at the damage and you realize the vulnerability  going forward into this winter, that is where it looks scary.   So we are using every resource that we have--every volunteer, every  agency. People are there and they are putting their muscle into it. We  have asked for the same support that President Biden has given to  Puerto Rico with a 100 percent cost-share waiver for the first 30 days  to get things cleaned up. I am hopeful--I am desperately hopeful--that  the administration hears us on that.   For us, right now, it is this immediacy of time to get things pulled  back together as fully as we possibly can because we cannot--they  cannot--be in a situation where, in the middle of winter, when  resources may be there but they are a long way away and they are very  expensive, that we then realize that we have to provide additional  support and additional relief.   There is a resilience in Alaska and, certainly, a resilience in  Western Alaska. These people have lived in these villages for thousands  of years--maybe not exactly the same place, but they are not going  anywhere. They are not going anywhere.   And what I feel compelled to do is everything in my power to make  sure that they are not forgotten and that they and their families are  able to move forward in these next months.   With that, I just share that my thoughts and my prayers are not just  limited to those in Alaska, but we think about all those who have  suffered due to disasters, whether in New Mexico, in Puerto Rico, or  those who are very, very fearful in Florida right now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   