 Madam Speaker, I proudly rise today to urge my  colleagues to vote for my straightforward, bipartisan bill that  supports our Nation's female entrepreneurs. It is called the Women- Owned Small Business Program Transparency Act.   As an engineer myself, and an entrepreneur and operator, I know very  much firsthand that data can help us to address and understand some of  our most pressing issues in business. Here is what the data says: Year  after year, women-owned small businesses continue to be  underrepresented when it comes to Federal contract funding. In other  words, the playing field isn't nearly level.   The good news is that there is already an initiative that is designed  to address this. It is called the Women-Owned Small Business Federal  Contracting Program. This program is popular and necessary to bridge  the disparity in Federal contracts, but it needs some additional  improvements.   My bill will do just that by increasing transparency, oversight, and  accountability. Through this program, the SBA aids other Federal  agencies in meeting the statutory goal of awarding 5 percent of Federal  contracts to women-owned businesses, a goal which the chairwoman  mentioned has only been met twice in history.   The program has experienced challenges, including a significant  backlog of applications and poor visibility of the approval numbers by  national certifying entities. Our bipartisan bill will address these  concerns by requiring the SBA to share six critical pieces of  information:   One, the amount of contracting dollars that are awarded.   Two, the number of certifications that are issued.   Three, the amount of program examinations that are conducted.   Four, the number of companies that are decertified.   Five, the number of contracts that are incorrectly awarded.   Simply put, this bill will allow Congress and the SBA to work  together to help women secure government contracts, especially those in  underrepresented industries, which include the signature crop of our  region, the mushroom industry, and also include underrepresented  industries such as the dairy product manufacturing industry, which is  represented by ByHeart, the only baby formula manufacturer that  [[Page H5258]]  has been started in the last 15 years, that also happens to be in my  district.   The time is now for us to act, both as our female businessowners  continue to recover from the pandemic and as additional contracts are  issued through the historic implementation of the bipartisan  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and fellow entrepreneur from  across the aisle, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney) for her  partnership on this bill that will help level the playing field for all  female entrepreneurs across our country.   I also thank and extend my thanks to Chair Velazquez and Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer.   