 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  this long-elusive, bipartisan legislation that has been years in the  making. Congratulations to Chairwoman Maloney on her Herculean effort,  along with Mr. Comer.   In the past 2 years, postal workers faced historic public health  challenges to heroically provide a lifeline for all Americans. Just as  they always deliver for us, this reform bill will deliver long-overdue  reforms to allow our Postal Service to thrive.   No other entity, public or private, is required to prefund retiree  health benefits for all its employees decades into the future. Only the  Postal Service faces that fiscally untenable mandate, and this  legislation eradicates that burden.    This reform also codifies 6-day mail delivery, which I am proud to  have long fought for as an appropriator.   This consensus bill increases transparency; allows other services to  be offered to its customers; and expands special rates for newspapers,  to help these vital community watchdogs thrive. These are all  commonsense reforms.   As we build on it, the next steps should require that Members be able  to conduct oversight at postal facilities without prior notice and  allow designation of single ZIP Codes for cities like Hollywood and  Cooper City, Florida, in my district, where assigned ZIP Codes overlap  jurisdictions.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this critical legislation to  help the Postal Service better serve the American people.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Connecticut for yielding.   Here we are again debating the most basic function of our democracy:  funding our government. Yet, once again, here we are kicking the can a  bit further down the road instead of passing a budget for a fiscal year  that started 130 days ago.   As chair of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee, I know that we need a full annual appropriations  bill for military construction projects that are critical to our  national security and to make the needed annual investments in  veterans' healthcare and benefits.   I have been in this Chamber many, many times when we came together  for the good of the Nation, just like we recently did to pass the  infrastructure bill that was bipartisan with at least some support from  the other side of the aisle. We found common ground because  infrastructure affects every corner of this great country. But the  benefits of that landmark legislation cannot be fully realized until we  enact the fiscal year 2022 appropriations bills.   Some States are even putting off projects until we appropriate  funding from the full-year budget. The Federal Railroad Administration  can't hire the staff it needs in order to implement the infrastructure  bill. New programs to reduce carbon emissions and to protect roads and  bridges against the effects of climate change will stall. All our  communities in blue and red districts cannot access these new programs  until we do our job and pass the full budget.   Without full-year appropriations bills we risk upending the greatest  year of job growth the Nation has ever seen. We risk knocking down  ladders  [[Page H1055]]  into our middle class. We risk our national security. We are close to a  funding agreement thanks to our appropriations leadership. But we need  time to finish that legislation in full. This continuing resolution  gives us time to finish that vital work for the American people.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the CR, and I urge our  colleagues in the entire House of Representatives to diligently work  together to make sure we can bring this budget process in for a  landing.   