 Madam Speaker, we have heard heartfelt discussions today  about how Federal taxpayer dollars should be targeted toward poverty  assistance. I am also concerned about Federal agencies' current ability  to administer Federal programs efficiently and effectively.   Under the pandemic, we witnessed an unprecedented reliance on  telework across the Federal Government. This reliance on telework has  been to the detriment of the Nation's taxpayers who rely on Federal  agencies.   These are our constituents who are struggling to face out-of-control  spending, inflation, scarcity of goods, and other hardships, while  Federal workers receive perk after perk from Democrats in Congress.   My House colleagues are all aware of the problems their constituents  have faced getting Federal agencies to process the necessary paperwork.  There are numerous examples of backlogs at agencies like Social  Security and the Internal Revenue Service.   In my own district, energy producers are struggling to get permits to  drill approved due, in part, to Bureau of Land Management field offices  only having 25 percent of their staff in the office at one time.   Even our veterans have been facing trouble accessing records of their  service to receive the medical care and benefits they are entitled to.   Let's be clear: Federal employees not being in the workplace has hurt  the government's ability to achieve its mission. House Republicans have  fought hard to find out just how much expanded telework has hurt  agencies' ability to deliver to our constituents, and we have tried to  get this information, but to no avail.   Recently, the House Oversight Committee Ranking Member   James Comer  wrote to the administration requesting information on Federal workforce  return-to-work policies. Last year, my colleague, Jody Hice, the  ranking member of the House Oversight and Reform Committee's Government  Operations Subcommittee, led oversight letters to the inspectors  general of the largest agencies, requesting details on how telework has  impacted agency missions. The committee has not received adequate  responses to our inquiries.   We will offer a solution to this problem as a motion to recommit. If  we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct the Committee on  Oversight and Reform to consider an amendment to require Federal  agencies to immediately return to prepandemic levels of telework.   The amendment would also require a governmentwide review of pandemic- era teleworking policy.   Finally, it would prevent the administration from locking in higher  levels of telework until Congress receives detailed plans on how agency  mission performance would be impacted.   These needed reforms will be included in my bill, the Show Up Act,  which I am introducing later this week.   It is time to get the U.S. Government back to work for the American  people.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   