 Madam Speaker, I rise today to adamantly oppose H.R.  8373, the payouts for Planned Parenthood act, a poorly drafted and  loosely defined bill that would be detrimental to women's health and  send taxpayer dollars straight to abortion-on-demand beneficiaries.   This bill is not about contraceptives which would prevent a  pregnancy. This bill is about funding unlimited access to abortion  pills.   A woman's decision to get contraceptive pills should be an informed  decision between her and her doctor, and not a pop-up ad.   H.R. 8373 would allow providers to administer non-FDA-approved  abortion  [[Page H6934]]  pills under the guise of preventing pregnancy without considering the  side effects, the overall safety of the drug, or its intended use.    And I would inform the majority leader that in 1965, the ability to  pop a pill to terminate a pregnancy didn't even exist, so it is,  therefore, not considered a right.   This bill will send Federal tax dollars to Planned Parenthood,  override State laws, subvert parental rights, and void requirements for  informed consent for sterilizations.   This is not about protecting access to contraception, but, rather,  federally subsidizing abortion providers and allowing unapproved,  dangerous contraceptive drugs to be widely available.   This bill is the Democrats' latest attempt at normalizing the radical  agenda. Just last week, we voted on Democrats' abortion-on-demand bill  that advocated abortion until the birth of a child. You want to talk  about extreme?   I am so sick of hearing about what women's rights are from a party  that can't even define what a woman is.   I stand in front of you, a very proud woman, and I can tell you that  aborting a fully formed child is not a woman's right. The abortion  industry continues to lie to women and put their lives at risk in order  to line their pockets, with the full support of my colleagues on the  left.   I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 8373 and work on moving  legislation that protects the unborn and empowers their mothers.   