 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Expanding  Access to Family Planning Act, which will help ensure millions of  Americans can continue receiving family planning services through the  title X program.   For more than 40 years, title X has helped ensure hundreds of  thousands of women--regardless of income, background, insurance status,  or hometown--have access to basic reproductive healthcare, including  wellness exams, cancer screenings, birth control, and testing and  treatment for sexually transmitted diseases.   While this program, which was created with bipartisan support, has  been around for decades, we have seen what happens when MAGA  Republicans are in control. President Trump slashed funding for title X  and imposed a dangerous domestic gag rule that banned doctors from  telling people how they could access abortion services. The gag rule  wreaked havoc across the country. It forced providers to decide whether  they wanted to receive title X funding--knowing that healthcare  providers wouldn't be able to provide women with accurate and  comprehensive information--or say no to this critical family planning  funding that supports women across the country through clinics like  Planned Parenthood and other nonprofits.   In my home State of Hawaii, the entire network of title X clinics  said no to this dangerous rule and rejected the funding, forcing our  State to foot the bill. On the other hand, the State of Hawaii, the  clinics in Hawaii, because they rejected this funding, could provide  the full range of care for their clients, but ultimately the gag rule  resulted in a loss of services to thousands of women.   Across the country, Trump's rule slashed title X's patient capacity  in half, jeopardizing family planning and contraceptive care for 1.6  million patients nationwide. While President Biden reversed this rule,  we can't take anything for granted.   As the rightwing Supreme Court and MAGA Republicans work to eliminate  reproductive freedom, it is critical we protect and strengthen title X.  That is  [[Page S3591]]  exactly what the Expanding Access to Family Planning Act will do. This  bill will nearly double funding for title X family planning services by  providing $500 million in mandatory funding for title X for each of the  next 10 years. It will also ban title X providers from discriminating  against patients and require pregnancy consulting services receiving  title X funds to provide patients with all of the information about all  their reproductive care options, including abortion.   Republicans have made clear they will do anything to get rid of our  reproductive freedoms, so we must pass this bill to make sure this  program isn't at the whim of those trying to strip us of our  healthcare. While Republicans continue to attack our fundamental  rights, Democrats are doing everything we can to protect them. That is  why, in addition to this important bill, earlier this week, I  introduced legislation to codify the right to contraception. All of  this is about who gets to make decisions about our bodies--women or a  bunch of rightwing politicians.   I believe--and the American people overwhelmingly agree--individuals,  not politicians, should be making these deeply personal decisions.   Our Right to Contraception Act and the Expanding Access to Family  Planning Act will help ensure they can.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, just very briefly.   Senator Wyden, I am really glad to be able to sponsor the My Bodies,  My Data bill with you, because, as we know, any time any of us presses  the button and uses our internet, somebody is collecting data, all of  this data. And can you imagine there are all of these clinics that  purportedly provide information relating to contraception and whatever  else relating to reproductive care--these entities are also collecting  all kinds of information. And they are not there to make sure that  women--mainly women but individuals who access their services--they do  not know that these are not institutions that will give them all of the  information they need; but, instead, they are collecting a lot of  information that can be weaponized.   Thank you very much. This is yet another whole area of concern in  this environment, in this climate, where individuals do not have  control over our own bodies.   