 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for the bipartisan  support.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 7952, Valley Forge  Park Realignment Permit and Promise Act.   Valley Forge National Historical Park is an important,  extraordinarily historical landmark and natural space spanning 3,500  acres of Chester and Montgomery counties; my home.   As the site of the 1777 and 1778 winter encampment of General George  Washington and the Continental Army, Valley Forge is a living monument  to our national story, where former Prussian officer Baron van Steuben  trained the Continental Army, transforming them into a more cohesive,  unified, and modern fighting force.   It is a symbol of our Nation's resilience and revolutionary spirit.   As part of a broader effort to develop and enhance the area around  Valley Forge National Historical Park, the Pennsylvania Department of  Transportation is working to reassign and repave a road that runs  through the Park's entrance. And part of the project involves moving  the current utilities under the current roadbed to the new roadbed.   Unfortunately, while the park can permit the movement of other  utilities, like electric and broadband, they are barred by statute from  permitting the movement of the segment of natural gas pipeline also  under the current roadbed. Without Federal intervention, the project  could be further delayed, costing the American people time and  resources.   That is why this bill is in front of you today. It will allow the  Secretary of the Interior to permit the movement of a small piece of  approximately 2,400 feet or a half a mile of natural gas pipeline to a  new roadbed. Importantly, the bill does not allow for  expansion, upgrades, or improvements to the pipeline. It is simply  allowing the movement to better facilitate the current construction.    In addition to the straightforward benefits of moving the pipeline  segment to ensure it remains with all the other utilities, the move  will also allow for the creation of a trail connection. This will  better allow people to reach and enjoy this historic park, America's  park, further developing the area as a landmark of our past and a place  of recreation and community today.   This bipartisan bill, which I introduced with Congresswoman Chrissy  Houlahan and Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick, and Senators Casey and  Toomey introducing the same companion bill on the Senate side, it is a  straightforward fix to a technical but important issue facing Valley  Forge National Historical Park.   Simply, it is commonsense legislation.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their  support of this bill and for moving it swiftly through the Natural  Resources Committee and to the House floor.   I also thank my fellow Congress Members from the delegation:  Houlahan, Fitzpatrick, Senators Casey and Toomey for being strong  allies and supporters and co-leads for America's park.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   