 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the memories of the  lives we lost and all who were injured or impacted in Las Vegas on  October 1, 2017.   Five years ago, Nevada experienced tragedy on an unprecedented scale.  In just 10 minutes--10 minutes--58 innocent lives were taken, hundreds  of people were injured by gunfire, and hundreds more were injured in  the chaos that followed.   Sadly, in the years since, two more victims of that night's attacks  died because of the injuries they received during that shooting,  bringing the death toll to 60.   During the attack, scores of heroic first responders--police  officers, firefighters, paramedics, and others--arrived at the scene in  an attempt to neutralize the threat and provide aid to the victims.  Then hundreds of doctors, nurses, and other medical professionals-- well, they worked nonstop to save the lives of those on the scene.   That day, the attack on the Route 91 Harvest Festival became the  deadliest mass shooting in American history. Let me repeat that: the  deadliest mass shooting in American history.   And to this day--sadly, even with all of the mass shootings we have  endured over the past few years since then--1 October--1 October--still  remains the single deadliest mass shooting in American history.   All it took--all it took--was just 10 minutes--10 minutes--for dozens  of lives to be cut short, hundreds more injured and traumatized, with  emotional and physical scars they will carry with them for the rest of  their lives.   These were our friends. These were our neighbors. For some, they were  their family. And now there are 60 families who will never be the same,  60 families who will forever have an empty chair every night at their  kitchen table.   One October changed our community and the history of our State  forever. It left a hole that can never be filled.   We are united in our grief for those we lost and also in our  gratitude and admiration for the heroes that day who worked to rescue  and aid those in danger. This dark day put on full display the tight- knit community of southern Nevada that we all know and love.   We came together to celebrate and thank the heroism for those who  helped: our law enforcement officers, our first responders, our medical  professionals, and so many everyday people. They just ran toward  danger. They ran toward danger to help to get people to safety.   Hundreds lined up for blocks to donate blood. They offered their cars  for people who were displaced by the chaos. Our community--well, it  rallied together not just in the immediate aftermath but in the days,  weeks, months, and now years after. I know why--because we are Vegas  Strong, we are Nevada Strong.   Today, as we reflect on the 5-year anniversary since this horrific  event, I stand here to honor the 60 individuals who lost their lives,  the hundreds of survivors, and all of those--all of those--who  experienced that traumatic event.   I stand here today to honor the heroes--our first responders, our  community members--those who risked their lives to help others.   In Nevada, the Vegas Strong Resiliency Center that supports those  affected by the 1 October tragedy, well, they launched a wide array of  efforts to help people heal from and cope with the trauma and take  action to honor the victims.   I have a floor chart here. I know it is a little hard to see, but one  of the projects the Resiliency Center is organizing on this fifth  anniversary is creating a lantern. This is a picture of a lantern. It  has an outline of the Las Vegas skyline.   This lantern is going to serve as a sign of solidarity and respect  for victims, survivors, and responders to the tragic shooting as it  lights up the night with hope, because the lanterns are a symbol,  representing the fact that out of the darkness of that night came the  strongest light shining on countless examples of heroism--big and  small--displayed by Nevadans.   But as we remember this fifth anniversary, we must also recommit  ourselves to action.   In the nearly 5 years since 1 October, the epidemic of gun violence  has impacted even more communities and broke more families' hearts all  across our great Nation.   Finally, after the recent mass shooting at an elementary school in  Uvalde, TX, Congress was able to finally come together and act.   We passed the most significant gun safety legislation in almost 30  years. This was a breakthrough, and we know it will help save lives,  keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people. But it cannot be an  end point.   We can and we must do more to prevent these shootings. I know we can  do this while also respecting people's constitutional rights. We can  take commonsense, bipartisan action, like permanently banning bump  stocks and high-capacity magazines which allowed the 1 October shooter  to fire so many rounds and cause so much carnage. Bump stocks, in  particular, are modifications that only make guns more deadly.   The previous administration took regulatory action to address this  issue, but the move to ban bump stocks now faces a wave of troubling  legal challenges that threaten to reverse that progress.   That is why I call on this Chamber to finally pass legislation that  will permanently ban bump stocks--permanently ban bump stocks--and cut  off access to these deadly and unnecessary weapons devices.   Remember--remember this--with these devices, a shooter can fire  hundreds of rounds to end or damage lives in mere minutes; 1 October,  just 10 minutes.   Inaction is not an option. We owe it to those who experienced the  pain of gun violence to do more. We owe it to the future generations to  keep up our efforts.   At the end of the day, this is all about keeping communities safe. We  must continue working to prevent more tragedies like the one that  brought so much heartbreak to my hometown.   I ask all of my colleagues in this Chamber to remember and honor the  memory of the 60 victims of 1 October as we mark this 5-year  anniversary.   I yield the floor.   