 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor this morning  to recognize and commemorate the 45th anniversary of the first oil  moving through the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. We actually reached  that milepost on Monday so I am here to speak this morning about what  this 800-mile-long pipeline continues to mean for Alaska, our Nation,  and really the world itself.   TAPS, the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, is truly a modern marvel. It is the  backbone of my home State's economy. It supports great jobs for Alaska.  It helps generate critical revenues for our State. It ensures that our  energy is transported safely, and it really is a vital component of  America's energy security. But I think it is kind of nice, as we  reflect on decades past, to appreciate some of the history behind the  Trans-Alaska Pipeline because, for a period of time, there was a  question of whether or not this extraordinary energy infrastructure  would be built at all.   After oil was discovered in Prudhoe Bay, there was vigorous debate as  to how we were going to move this resource, how we were going to  transport it. Some wanted to use trucks or tankers; others actually  thought that massive jets would be the way to go. There were some who  wanted to build an overland pipeline across Canada. That would have  been about a 3,200-mile line in length. But, thankfully, it was an all- Alaska pipeline route that prevailed.   So when you look at the map of Alaska and where our pipeline sits  today, it truly does just bisect the entire State of Alaska. From  Prudhoe to Valdez at Tidewater is an 800-mile line. Thankfully, an all- Alaska pipeline route was the one that ultimately prevailed over all of  the alternatives that were considered. Congress authorized it in 1973-- an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis of authorization.    There is an interesting side story--it is actually not a side story;  it is pretty pivotal--in terms of whether or not this Trans-Alaska  Pipeline actually came into being. But it was a tie-breaking vote cast  by Spiro Agnew that really helped to facilitate the line because it  effectively determined that there would be no further litigation about  the line moving forward.   The preconstruction process for TAPS lasted for about 6 years, mostly  concurrent with the final passage of its authorization act; and as part  of that, the Federal Task Force on Alaskan Oil Development--this is a  group that we should probably be bringing back--completed a six-volume  environmental impact statement, so a six-volume EIS.   And that EIS, along with Congress's decision to shield TAPS from  litigation--again, this tie-breaking vote that I have alluded to-- allowed the construction to begin. So it did.   Several companies joined together to form a joint venture, called  Alyeska, and they set forth to build and operate the line. And Alyeska  ultimately acquired 515 Federal permits, along with more than 832 from  the State of Alaska, in order to proceed.   Now, at that time, TAPS was the largest private construction project  of its kind. It had a pricetag of more than $8 billion. In October of  1975, more than 28,000 people were working to make it a reality, and  together they turned over 100,000 pieces of 40- to 60-foot pipe in a  [[Page S3049]]  48-inch diameter that runs from, again, Prudhoe to Valdez in the south  central part of our State.   I have had many opportunities to show visitors our Trans-Alaska  Pipeline. If you look at it from the air, it is just this silver  ribbon, again, that bisects the State. You look at it from the ground,  and, again, it is truly, truly an engineering marvel.   Now, I saw an old criticism that TAPS was an ``engineer's  nightmare.'' The occupant of the Chair here might be interested in this  given your background, but, in reality, it is a testament, truly, to  world-class engineering and the genius, the creativity, and the  pioneering spirit of all who worked on it.   TAPS crosses three mountain ranges, including Atigun Pass in the  Brooks Range that has an elevation of 4,739 feet. It reaches a grade of  55 degrees at Thompson Pass in the Chugach Range. It crosses more than  530 streams and rivers. It accommodates some 579 animal crossings. And  it operates at temperatures ranging from 95 degrees above zero to 80  degrees below zero, and that is not counting the windchill factor.   And when you are talking about Alaska, of course, you have got to  account for seismic activity. So TAPS' engineers also had to account  for that. You have got mountain ranges. You have got extreme weather.  You have got animals, wildlife that you have to accommodate. You have  the rivers, the streams, but you also have to accommodate seismic  hazard.   The pipeline crosses three fault lines, including the Denali Fault.  In that area, engineers built the pipeline on slider beams with Teflon  shoes. So if you look at these supports here, these vertical support  pillars here and the slider beams are on Teflon shoes that allow the  pipeline to move laterally up to 20 feet--up to 20 feet laterally--and  up to 5 feet vertically. So this pipeline can absorb the give-and-take  and the hard shake of a significant earthquake.   And it is pretty important that the engineers worked this into this  extraordinary infrastructure. We had a magnitude 7.9 earthquake that  struck in 2002 right on that Denali Fault. The pipeline handled it  well. It remained intact, and it did exactly what the engineers  designed it to do: It moved back and forth on these lateral supports.  It moved up and down, and it allowed that pipeline, that piece of steel  pipeline, to have the flex that it needed to avoid any--any--issues.   The Trans-Alaska Pipeline System was built in just over 3 years. This  was between 1974 and 1977. I was a young person growing up in Fairbanks  at the time, and that was a time and place of great energy and  intensity as we were involved in this extraordinary oil construction  boom. And the men and women who were working on the project at that  time had this saying: ``They just didn't know that it couldn't be  done.'' And they not only met their goal of first oil moving through  the pipeline by July 1, 1977; they beat it by 10 days.   And the rest, they say, is history. Over the past 45 years, TAPS has  not just been a pipeline, not just oil pipeline infrastructure; it has  become Alaska's economic lifeline. I say it is like the artery for our  State. It has helped us create jobs to the point where our oil and gas  industry either employs or supports about one-third of Alaska's  workforce. It has generated billions of dollars in revenues for our  State--for everything from roads and schools to essential services.   TAPS has allowed us to create and now grow our Permanent Fund. This  Permanent Fund has really turned our oil resources into an enduring  source of prosperity for Alaskans. We not only have a Permanent Fund,  but spun off from that Permanent Fund and the investment on those  earnings are dividends that are returned to each and every Alaskan in  this State. If you lived in Alaska from 1982, when they first started  the dividends, until today, you would have received nearly $45,000 in  annual dividends that go to offset the high cost of living in a high- cost State like Alaska. This year, Alaskans are set to receive a pretty  hefty Permanent Fund dividend: more than $3,000 more.   So it has been an economic benefit, most certainly, to Alaskans. It  has also enabled us to keep our State tax burden low. We have no income  tax in the State. We have no statewide sales tax. We have the lowest  gas tax in the country.   As the economist Scott Goldsmith has noted, revenues from TAPS also  enable us to keep taxes on other industries like our tourism, our  fisheries--it allows us to keep those taxes lower than they might  otherwise be.   But really, from day one, TAPS has strengthened our energy security.  And when I talk about energy security, I am referring not just to the  security of those of us in Alaska but to our Nation's energy security.  It helped tide America over during the 1979 oil crisis. It has  insulated us from OPEC and OPEC Plus and lessened our dependence on  nations that do not share our interests, and it has dramatically  reduced the dollars that go overseas to purchase oil.   It has certainly provided reliable and affordable energy for tens of  millions of Americans up and down the west coast because it is the west  coast where Alaskan oil is primarily directed.   But it is hard to imagine Alaska without TAPS, without the Trans- Alaska Pipeline System. It is hard also to imagine the consequences  that America would have faced without the 18.4 billion barrels of oil  that it has now safely moved over these past 45 years. And I think it  is no exaggeration to say that while we built a pipeline, that pipeline  has helped us build our State.   And in the midst of all this--something that the folks at Alyeska  Pipeline are very, very proud of--Alyeska has accrued a remarkable  safety record. From 2017 through 2020, the company reported a total of  just 5.1 barrels of oil as spilled. Yet over that same time period,  from 2017 to 2020, more than 733 million barrels of oil have moved  through TAPS. So not 1 in every 1 million gallons, not 1 in every 10  million gallons, not even 1 in every 100 million gallons was spilled  during this time period. That is a pretty darn good record. And that is  something that Alyeska can be proud of, and I think it speaks to the  kind of company that it is.   And, at its core, the reason why TAPS has been successful are its  people. They focus on safety first. There are more than 700 people who  work directly for Alyeska on the North Slope, at the pump stations, at  its Anchorage control center, and in Valdez. And you are probably not  going to find a more dedicated group. They are just so committed to  their mission, and it certainly makes me proud to know that 95 percent  of those who work at Alyeska are Alaskans.   TAPS is an economic engine for our State. But as we are standing here  in 2022 celebrating its 45th anniversary, the fact of the matter is,  this pipeline faces a real challenge. TAPS' technical capacity is 2  million barrels per day. We have achieved that years ago. But right  now--right now--the pipeline is moving just a quarter of that. They are  moving about 500,000 barrels a day. So what that means is that the line  is about three-quarters empty, and that can create some difficult  operational challenges.   We have had many of the briefings about what it means when you have a  pipeline that isn't completely full. The throughput moves slower. And  when you have hot oil coming out of the ground in an arctic  environment, moving 800 miles through a cold piece of steel, if it  doesn't move quickly and it is allowed to cool down, it can build up  waxy buildup on the inside that needs to be scrubbed and cleaned. We  call it pigging. It is just an operational thing. Alyeska deals with  it, but it is something that is an issue.   When you have less than full throughput, it moves differently. So  when you are going up mountain ranges and down the other side, now what  happens as you see that pipeline, which is designed to flex, when you  don't have your full operational capacity? And Alyeska has been working  to work through some of these challenges, and they have been doing a  good job.   But in fairness, this is not Alyeska's fault here. If you want to  know why TAPS is a quarter full, you can probably look to some people  in this Chamber, some who have been serving in this Chamber before. You  can look down the street to Pennsylvania Avenue at the current  administration as well as some who preceded the Biden administration.  [[Page S3050]]    We have the resources--Alaska has the resources to fill TAPS up. What  we have lacked is access to our lands, access to our leases, and access  to the permits to help make this a reality. And this is despite various  Presidents telling Alaskans that, look, you are going to be able to  develop your resources. They say it, and the promises are broken over  and over and over again. And it continues to this day.   The Biden administration is breaking the law by refusing to carry out  the oil and gas program that Congress mandated for the non-wilderness  1002 Area. We did that in the 2017 law.   Millions of acres in our National Petroleum Reserve are being taken  off the table with this administration through, effectively,  administration whim. And with one of the best projects within the  Petroleum Reserve right now, we are dealing with some redtape here;  but, effectively, the excuse is that more studies need to be done.  These are studies that have been done already, and we are being told  you have to do them again.   With gas prices averaging more than $5 a gallon across the Nation, it  sure would be nice to fill up the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. It not only  gives us more product domestically; it would certainly help us in  Alaska. We would have more jobs in Alaska and more revenue to help us  improve the quality of life in every community in our State, help  offset the very high fuel costs in our State. We averaged $5 and above  a long time before many in the lower 48 here.   But we would also be bringing less foreign oil to the West Coast,  including California, where imports have risen in almost direct  proportion to our production decline. As you are seeing less oil coming  out of Alaska to the West Coast, particularly California, they are  getting it from somewhere, and they are bringing it in. They are  importing that. And whether it is from countries that don't like us and  don't really care about their environmental track record or their human  rights issues, we get it from there.   We would also have an alternative to Russia, which continues to sell  its energy and bring in billions of dollars a day to finance its bloody  war against Ukraine. And then across the Nation, you could anticipate  that prices would be lower at the pump, which would reduce the pain  that families and businesses are experiencing.   I know that there is not a dial on this extraordinary energy security  asset where we can just ramp it up, but this is an important discussion  to be having, again, in context of what value the oil resources in  Alaska can contribute to our country.   And when you have in place policies that say it is not important to  keep this thing full--even though in Alaska, you have the resources to  keep it full--when you say it is not important and you put in place  pressures and obstacles and barriers to increase production, you are  going to see that. You are going to see that impact, what happens in  this country to our supply. Right now, we are all reading about it. We  are all watching the news.   There is a lot that President Biden is saying that this is what we  are going to do to bring down your gas prices, but I will go on record  to suggest that a full TAPS would do a heck of a lot more to reduce gas  prices than many of the other suggestions out there like price gouging  probes and suspension of the Federal gas tax, the proposal to hand out  gas cards. These are temporary--almost momentary--blips that might make  somebody feel OK for a month or 2 because maybe I get a few cents more  off the price at the pump if we have a 3-month Federal gas tax holiday  like President Biden is suggesting. But, you know, it is not right to  put in place--I mean, you can call it a gimmick, but are you addressing  the fundamentals of supply and demand if you just say for a few months:  ``Here, we are going to take the pressure off you so you won't be so  mad''? Well, people are going to continue to be so mad if it doesn't  help alleviate the problem, if it doesn't help address the pain that  American families are feeling.   It is pretty simple out here. We need supply. We need supply to keep  up with the rising demand and the falling output from around the world.  This is where we need to wake up because it is not as if we don't have  options. It is not as if we don't have the supply. Alaska has the  supply right in the vicinity of a world-class pipeline that has room  for an additional 1.5 million barrels per day.   It is just beyond me why anyone would contemplate oil from Iran or  Venezuela or other members of OPEC+ over a State like Alaska. It is  just beyond me; yet that is what we hear. That is what we hear from the  President. That is what we hear from the administration that somehow we  have to get this resource and it is going to have to come from  somewhere, so we are going to go asking. We are going to go asking  outside of our country. We are going to go to Iran, Venezuela.   The President is going to make a trip to Saudi Arabia, yet they are  not asking Alaska to do more. In fact, they are not only not asking,  they continue to put up impediments and barriers for us to do more, and  that just defies logic. It degrades the environment. It makes the world  a more dangerous place every time we look to other countries for  resources that we need, knowing full well that we have a better  environmental record here. We have the ability to make us less  vulnerable, less energy-insecure, and yet we are not taking advantage  of that.   There is a section on Alyeska's website titled ``Memories and  Mileposts,'' with historical information about TAPS, and I would  suggest that it is well worth visiting and recognizing what an  incredible asset this pipeline has been since first oil was moved  through it on June 20, 1977. Forty-five years is a good long time, but  even as we thank all who have made TAPS such a resounding success, I  would encourage all of you to maybe mark your calendars for June 20,  2027. That will be the 50th anniversary.   I would hope that we could all be honest and realistic about our  global energy needs in the meantime and ensure significantly greater  throughput is running through that pipeline when we reach the next  milepost. That would be good for Alaskans; that would be good for the  country. I think it would be good and important for the world. And we  know the men and women who operate TAPS at Alyeska and their  contractors will ensure that every last molecule moves safely through  it.   I yield the floor.   