 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  3807, the ``Relief for Restaurants and Other Hard Hit Small Businesses  Act of 2022,'' which provides $70.6 billion in FY2022 for the  Restaurant Revitalization Fund.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased that this Congress is reconsidering this  critical piece of legislation for America's restaurant owners. The  American Rescue Plan made great progress in providing the funding in an  equitable manner, prioritizing women, veteran, and economically and  socially disadvantaged restaurant owners. In addition, the majority of  funds were reserved for restaurants whose gross receipts were no more  than $1,500,000 dollars.   It is essential to promote equity through the Restaurant  Revitalization Fund, Madam Speaker, considering that only 8 percent of  restaurants are owned by blacks and 23.8 percent Asian owned businesses  are restaurants. As legislators we must do everything we can to ensure  their survival.   Unfortunately, the funds appropriated from last year's lifeline did  not reach enough of those businesses the Administration prioritized.  Due to the efforts of Republican motivated court challenges, the  prioritization program was ended just three weeks after it was enacted.   Records reviewed by The New York Times show that hundreds of the  24,000 grants made after the rule change went to applicants who were  supposed to have been bumped to the end of the line. During that same  period, the agency canceled at least 3,000 already-approved awards.   Additionally, more than 1,000 successful applicants filed their  claims on or after May 19, the day after the agency said the fund had  effectively run dry.   Countless black owned, veteran owned, and women owned restaurants  were shuttered because of this heartless rule change, so it is  essential we approve this new appropriation.   To further underscore the personal importance this funding holds to  me, I would like to mention a widely loved black owned, and historic  Third Ward restaurant: Cream Burger.   Cream Burger sits on the corner of Elgin and Scott and has been in  operation for 60 years. It is a cash only restaurant that has only had  two additions to the menu across the entirety of its existence: chili  cheese fries and bacon.   The Greenwood family has been serving the residents of the Third Ward  their delicious burgers and homemade ice cream for decades and has no  plans of closing any time soon.   The original owners of the restaurant, Verna and Willie Greenwood,  opened the restaurant to generate their own income and create  generational wealth, which they certainly have done. Ever since their  tragic passing, the business is now owned and operated by their  daughters, Beverly and Sandra.   Beverly and Sandra hope to pass the business onto the next generation  of children so they can, ``see it through. Maybe 100 years,'' Beverly  said.   The restaurant sees a range of Third Ward customers every day, from  the students at the University of Houston to the cashiers working at  the historic Houston Food Mart just down the street.   Cream Burger is iconic in the city of Houston, and I hold it in the  highest reverence. It, and so many restaurants like it, is one of those  restaurants that would receive funds from this legislation.   It is for that reason Madam Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 3807,  the ``Relief for Restaurants and other Hard Hit Small Businesses Act of  2022.'' It will help save so many businesses like the beloved Cream  Burger, so I urge my colleagues to support this critical piece of  legislation as well.   