 Madam President, I rise today to support the nomination  of Dr. Arati Prabhakar to be the Director of the Office of Science and  Technology. Since 1976, the Office of Science and Technology Policy has  worked to ensure that the United States leads in science and  technology, to promote STEM education, and to make sure that our  science Agencies share the common purpose of benefiting all Americans.   Dr. Prabhakar is very well qualified for this job. As an engineer,  physicist, leader, venture capitalist, and pioneer, she has had a  trailblazing career, accomplishing a lot in a time period where she was  Director of the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency, DARPA, and  the first woman to lead the National Institute of Standards and  Technology, NIST.   And under Dr. Prabhakar's leadership, DARPA kick-started the  development of a rapid-response mRNA vaccine platform. This platform  was the basis for the fast, safe, and effective COVID-19 development.   Under her leadership at NIST, she worked to expand the Manufacturing  Extension Partnership to boost the competitiveness of small- and  medium-sized American manufacturers.   Just last year, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program  helped our domestic manufacturers capture $3.9 billion in new sales. In  my State alone, that translated into over $186 million and more than  2,000 jobs created or retained.   Perhaps even more impressive, back in the 1990s, when Dr. Prabhakar  was just in her twenties, she helped launch DARPA programs that made  essential leaps forward in semiconductor manufacturing technology. Dr.  Prabhakar's programs laid the groundwork for five generations of chip  manufacturing technologies to help demonstrate leadership right here in  the United States.   Dr. Prabhakar is now ready to lead again, and now we are asking for  her to lead this important Agency. We have just passed the CHIPS and  Science Act, which is a renewed commitment to domestic semiconductor  research and manufacturing and U.S. leadership in the next generation  chip technology.   Dr. Prabhakar has the exact experience we need to advise the  President on semiconductor manufacturing, on bringing the supply chain  and security that we need here in the United States, and on continued  growth in science and technology jobs that come along with it.   The CHIPS and Science Act directs the National Science Foundation to  invest in translational research, including through a new NSF tech  directorate.   Before her nomination, Dr. Prabhakar was an important voice in  support of this effort of a tech directorate, reaching out to House and  Senate colleagues and helping to shape the directorate in its focus on  big national and security challenges.   And the CHIPS and Science Act reflects our commitment to diversity in  science, to make sure that the engineering, math, and STEM fields are  included and that we continue to grow a workforce that is needed.   The important aspect of science is not always thought of in every  aspect of growing the next generation. That is why I am so encouraged  that Dr.  [[Page S4907]]  Prabhakar is very committed to increasing the talent pool that we need  in our country.   For the first time in our country's history, the President has  elevated the Office of Science and Technology Policy Director to a  Cabinet-level post, meaning there will be a scientist in the room for  our Nation's most important discussions.   And for the first time in history, with the support of my colleagues  here today, Dr. Prabhakar will be the first woman and person of color  to serve as the Senate-confirmed OSTP Director.   Dr. Prabhakar will have a lot to do, including developing the whole- of-government science and technology strategies for issues ranging from  security to commercial space exploration. And at a time of growing  competition, OSTP needs to tell the President and advise our leaders  what we need to do to maintain our competitiveness as a nation.   I know, coming from an innovation State, how important the Office of  Science and Technology Policy strategies can be in helping our Nation  attract and keep the best and brightest and prioritize collaboration  between academia and industry. And since Washington has been a STEM  leader--in fact, I think we are the most STEM-focused State in the  Nation; that is, by number of people involved in STEM----we know that  this partnership between the existing workforce and the workforce of  tomorrow needs to grow.   I know that, as a former DARPA Director, Dr. Prabhakar will help us  with this engine of innovation and growing STEM education in America.  Moreover, I know that Dr. Prabhakar will, on many issues, help to  improve the participation of women and girls in the issues of STEM.   This is such a big, important issue for us today. But just being at  the helm of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, being a woman,  being there at the Cabinet level, and advising the President of the  United States, I know she will help to deliver a message that young  women all across America need to be involved in the sciences to help  our Nation in the next phases of innovation. I am so excited that she  will be in this position.   I ask my colleagues to support her as a devoted, experienced, and  exceptional public servant. These are the kinds of people who we need  in government. These are the kinds of people who can make America  stronger, safer, and more competitive. I urge my colleagues to support  the confirmation of Dr. Prabhakar as the Director of the Office of  Science and Technology Policy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   