 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for  yielding.   I rise to support this continuing resolution that will keep our  Federal Government open and deliver the vital services that impact us  all.   Look no further than Southwest Florida, in my home State, where  Hurricane Ian inflicted tragic human loss  [[Page H8348]]  and massive property damage. While we pray for those who endured Ian's  wrath and those who still face it, let's pass this continuing  resolution and offer more than well wishes.   Thankfully, President Biden declared a major disaster, unleashing  extensive Federal aid and assistance for the counties hit by Ian. But  this CR will allow FEMA and other Federal partners to keep assistance  flowing to Florida in our time of need, while also aiding those hurting  in Puerto Rico, Alaska, New Mexico, and Mississippi.   We cannot leave communities behind that are still picking up the  pieces from disastrous floods, wildfires, and hurricanes, and even  basic water system failures. This Federal funding bill comes to their  rescue by helping to meet long-term housing, infrastructure, and  recovery needs.   This CR also extends funding for vital Federal education, health,  housing, and public safety programs. It keeps up school, job training,  and child nutritional investments, and it keeps funds flowing to  address badly needed affordable housing problems which plague so many  families in Florida.   Anyone who understands the housing struggles that millions of  Americans face cannot possibly ignore the relief that this CR offers.  This legislation also keeps America's security intact, while also  supporting those brave veterans who defended us.   This CR also confronts Russia's fake elections to annex parts of  Ukraine, whose families urgently need our support to defend global  democracy and turn back a murderous communist tyrant.   I am pleased that this continuing resolution before us reflects that  vanishing breed of bipartisan, bicameral, negotiated compromise.   I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle respect that and  honor the trust that Americans hand us to maintain an orderly economy  and state of affairs. This CR provides that basic test of governance.   Americans want our government funding bills to help reduce their cost  of living, support their families, create good jobs, and combat climate  change. This continuing funding legislation gives us the time we need  to ensure our 2023 bills will do exactly that.   Let's keep America running so Congress can complete America's  critical fiscal work.   