 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge support for my amendment, along  with my colleague from North Carolina, Representative Rouzer.   This amendment will require the Department of Defense to study  additional non-fire extinguishing agent sources of toxic PFAS, known as  forever chemicals on military installations.   Our amendment also requires the Department of Defense to make a  recommendation to Congress on expanding the eligibility for the VA's  registry of individuals exposed to PFAS during their service.   While fire extinguishing agents are a common source of servicemember  exposure to forever chemicals, as the Speaker knows, PFAS toxins are  ever present on military bases from other sources.   Studies have shown that these dangerous toxicants are ubiquitous in  the kinds of ready-made meal packages, textiles, and cookware used on  military installations. Use of these products has exposed  servicemembers and veterans to PFAS, which have been proven to cause  cancer, liver damage, birth defects, and other troubling medical  conditions.   We must ensure that we fully understand the scope of PFAS exposure on  military bases and expand our parameters for veteran eligibility for  medical care accordingly. Doing so will give veterans exposed to these  toxins the opportunity to receive care for the conditions they develop  as a result of their service in uniform.   This amendment not only empowers and protects veterans, but it  solicits a critically important study from the DOD to better understand  the presence of PFAS on military installations and prevent exposure in  the future.   In alignment with the mission of the Honoring our PACT Act, this  amendment upholds our responsibility to prevent and mitigate the health  consequences of exposure to toxic substances.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for his outstanding leadership  in bringing this important legislation to the floor. I also thank  Representative Rouzer from North Carolina for joining me in offering  this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee.    Madam Speaker, this amendment will help us understand  additional sources of PFAS exposure on military bases and empower  veterans to seek medical care accordingly.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment along  with Representative Rouzer and the underlying bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   