 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this emergency supplemental  to support Ukraine and to address the global impacts of Putin's brutal  invasion and war. I thank Chairwoman DeLauro, our Speaker, and Chairman  McGovern for moving this legislation so quickly.   Mr. Speaker, a little more than a week ago, I had the honor of  visiting Eastern Europe to meet with Ukrainians and Poles and to learn  about what was taking place firsthand. We met with civil society  organizations funded by the United States that, in the midst of danger  and violence, are supporting refugees, vulnerable people, and women and  children.   I was deeply moved by their stories and their commitment, their  resilience, and recognized very quickly what an emergency this is. So,  I thank everyone again for bringing this bill to the floor right away.  The Ukrainian people need our support to defend their territory, but we  equally need to support their efforts to protect their people, their  economy, their way of life, and, yes, their democracy.   As chair of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs  Subcommittee, I am very proud that we provided $18.9 billion in  assistance for economic security and humanitarian assistance for  Ukraine in this bill.   This bill will help sustain the Ukrainian Government's essential  services, protect refugees and internally displaced persons, clear  unexploded ordnance, and combat human trafficking. It funds getting our  dedicated and courageous diplomats back to Kyiv so that they can  continue working on behalf of the United States to protect the people  and the dignity of Ukraine. I salute them, commend them, and thank them  for their service.   Mr. Speaker, this bill contains precious resources to deal with the  global food crisis that has been deepened by the Russian invasion. This  is truly a defining moment in our history, Ukrainian history, Poland's  history, and the world's history.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to respond to the remarkable  strength and resilience of the Ukrainian people and stand by them. We  need to stand by them--we must stand by them--by  [[Page H4780]]  supporting this supplemental appropriations bill.   