 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Slotkin for  arranging for this Special Order and for just speaking so beautifully  about Madeleine Albright, a person that we all loved so very, very much  for so many years. And to hear the gentlewoman, a new Member, a  relatively new Member of Congress, but a woman in national security  making her own mark in a significant way, recognize the greatness of  Madeleine, it is just a joy to us to see another generation of women  leaders in security speaking about Madeleine.   Madeleine Albright was a stateswoman. She was a champion of national  security in our country. She was  [[Page H4493]]  the embodiment of the American Dream; her family coming when she was 11  years old, a refugee to our shores. Her personal story is the makings  of novels and movies and the rest.   But she was fresh and frisky, and she had a sense of humor that was  wonderful. And I remember the night that there was a debate in St.  Louis for the Presidential, when President Clinton was running for  President; we had dinner after the debate. And I said well, Madeleine,  would you like--are you interested in participating in the  administration?   I was a relatively new Member of Congress at the time. And she said,  I am not going--I don't want to go overseas. I said, I know what you  want. You want to be Ambassador to the U.N. Because that would be of  the stature, and yet she did not want to go overseas. She wanted to be  home for all kinds of different reasons. And what a magnificent  Ambassador she was for us to the United Nations.   And then, as it would turn out, to become the first woman to be  Secretary of State. This is such an exalted position. Thomas Jefferson  was Secretary of State. And Madeleine Albright was Secretary of State.   And as Congresswoman Slotkin said, she had boundless energy. She  would be--well, she was on the campaign trail after serving as  Secretary of State, on the campaign trail, and she was, as the  gentlewoman said, a rock star. She was a major attraction. People loved  to see her.   I want to say, because my husband loved her so much, my husband,  Paul, who was the chairman of the board of the Georgetown School of  Foreign Service for a couple of decades I think. It seemed like a long  time. He worshipped at the shrine of Madeleine Albright. When she would  call me, if he had the phone first, I would have a hard time getting it  away from him because he thought they were the best of friends. She was  my girlfriend in addition to being someone I admired so greatly.   And she would always call the day before your birthday because she  wanted to be the first one to wish you happy birthday which, of course,  I was looking forward to this year. And instead, we would get this very  sad news, with all the dignity of Madeleine Albright, with all of the  warmth and greatness of her, be with her family, right up to the end.   Alice, Anne, and Katherine, thank you for sharing your mother with  us; and again, to sister, Kathy, and brother, John.   Another thing I want to mention about her is I don't know how many of  you were at the funeral of Brzezinski, National Security Advisor  Brzezinski. Two people spoke at his funeral in the church. Some of us  spoke afterward in the more informal setting. But two people spoke at  his funeral; President Jimmy Carter and Secretary Madeleine Albright.  And what a beautiful compliment to speak for another great American  patriot born overseas and coming to America to make his mark.   And she spoke so beautifully about America and about patriotism,  about civic responsibility, and of the contribution he made; that she  was chosen to make that speech with the President was really so clearly  appropriate and great to hear her speak.   Now, she had a collection of pins, and she would always say, when she  would go to give testimony or whatever it is, ``read my pins.''  Sometimes it would be an American eagle. We never knew what it might  be. And she even toured the country with her pins, and people showed up  to see Madeleine's pins, because she had something about her that was-- she knew how to connect with people. You know, this great intellect and  the rest.   I will just go back to Paul in closing to say this: She taught at  Georgetown for 40 years, for 40 years. The gentlewoman mentioned this  next generation of young diplomats and the rest. They took such pride  in her leadership, her service, her being a professor there, that they  were cooking up how they were going to observe her 40 years and this or  that; and again, she had other plans, to be in heaven and look down on  all of us.   How wonderful it is that tomorrow, many of her friends from Congress  and--she made us all feel as if we were her best friends. I mean, I  thought so.   So many of her loved ones, whether they were diplomats or people in  service, would be there to praise her as an Ambassador to the United  Nations and Secretary of State, she represented our Nation with great  poise and distinction and brilliance on the world stage and worked  relentlessly to keep Americans safe and America secure.   As a trusted voice on foreign policy, and those jobs, and beyond, and  beyond, because her influence extended long after her actual service in  public office, but also as a professor, she was quick to sound the  alarm at the rise of autocracy. As you know, she wrote about that in  her book, at home and abroad, a prescient warning that remains an  important guide and resource today.   And then, as a professor at Georgetown, which we, the Pelosi family,  take great pride. My husband went there; my kids went there; I have an  honorary degree there, and we all feel associated with Madeleine.   She shaped the next generation of leadership by sharing her hard- earned wisdom and experience.   So tomorrow, many of her loved ones, whether it is from government,  politics, security, academic world, friendship, girlfriends, hair  dressers, wherever we met together, her family, first and foremost,  which she loved so much, will join Madeleine's family and her loved  ones to pay our final respects at her memorial at the glorious  Washington National Cathedral.   I said final respects. I meant final respects for tomorrow. We will  be paying our respects to her in many things that are being planned  already. The presence of so many Members and diplomats at her memorial,  and two Presidents of the United States to speak at her service, will  be another testament to the monumental impact she made on our Nation  and the world.   I wish everyone would read the op-ed that another Secretary of State,  a national figure, Hillary Clinton, wrote about Madeleine Albright.  They were kindred spirits. They loved each other very much. They worked  together with great respect for each other and for our country in such  a beautiful way.   Please, if you can, go to The New York Times and read what the  Secretary of State--I think she may be speaking tomorrow, too. I don't  know what the program is. I think she may be speaking tomorrow, too.   So God truly blessed America with the life and the service and the  leadership and the goodness of Madeleine Albright. May she forever rest  in peace.   And again, I thank Congresswoman Slotkin for affording us all the  opportunity to pay our respects to our dear Madam Ambassador, Madam  Secretary, Madeleine Albright.   