 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman  Speier for yielding, and for her great leadership on this issue and so  many that affect our women in the military.   I also want to start with a shout out to Congressman Takano and  Congresswoman Brownley for their work on getting veterans the  healthcare they need.   Madam Speaker, I join Congresswoman Speier and millions of Americans  who believe that a woman should be able to make her own decision about  her reproductive care, her life, and her future. And here is the  thing: Abortion is healthcare, and the decision to seek an abortion is  deeply personal. It is a decision that should be made by a woman with  her doctor, or with people she trusts, not by politicians, not by the  Governors, not by a State legislature, people who have no insight into  her circumstance.    Today, we are taking the opportunity to focus on the importance of  reproductive freedom for members of our military.   I believe, as the gentlewoman pointed out, there are over 200,000  Active-Duty women servicemembers that serve our Nation, 80,000 residing  in the over 100 military bases in this country; bases dominated by men.  Most of these women are young; they are fresh out of high school or  college; they have never been away from home, and they have hopes and  dreams, and they are filled with pride and excitement. Sadly, they are  entering an environment where sexual assault is rampant.   Just ask Sarah, who was stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. This was just  a few years ago. She was raped at a party attended by military  personnel. At that point, in those days, she was able to opt for an  abortion, and she was able to drive. She had been at Fort Hood, Texas,  and she was able to drive to a Planned Parenthood nearby.   But now that the Republican-controlled Supreme Court has made a  dastardly--that is sort of a polite way to express it--dastardly  decision to restrict access to abortion, what would be the option for  Sarah, or any of the women stationed on American bases where the States  have either banned or restricted abortion?   I have a similar map to the one Representative Speier showed. So the  dark color--where there are dark colors on the State, I will call it  red. I am going to call it ``magna'' red, the ``magna'' red States. And  those are States that either have banned, or are restricting, or  severely restricting, or in the process of restricting access to  abortion. There are about 27 of those in this country.   Take a look. Those little dots, black dots, they represent the  military bases in this country. Just take a look.   I am going to have to, Madam Speaker, move to my map. What if you are  in a base--if you were based deep in Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, even  in Florida, where do you go? Where do you go? The map tells the story.   So we know that Sarah would have had to drive 9 hours, 9 hours from  Fort Hood, just to get to New Mexico.   Make no mistake, Madam Speaker. Make no mistake, that the Republican- appointed Supreme Court, the ``magna'' Republican State legislatures,  have declared a war on women.   So here we are today saying this: Our patriotic women, they leave  their homes, their family, and their friends, to serve our country.  They signed up to be pilots and engineers and medics, not to have a  forced pregnancy forced by ``magna'' Republicans.   We trust them with Black Hawks, with firearms, logistics. We must  trust them to make their own medical decisions about their lives and  give them access to the healthcare they deserve.   They are standing up for our freedom, and we must stand up for  theirs.   