 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination  of Ketanji Brown Jackson to be an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme  Court. Based on my careful review of her record and experience, as well  as my assessment of her character and judicial philosophy, I believe  that she warrants confirmation to the High Court.   The Constitution delineates the roles of the President and the Senate  in nominating and confirming members of the Federal judiciary. Article  II grants the President the power to nominate judges, and it gives the  Senate the power of advice and consent for such nominations.   Evaluating a nominee to serve a lifetime appointment on the Supreme  Court is one of the most consequential responsibilities of any Senator.  Accordingly, I closely examine each nominee's qualifications,  experience, writings, judicial philosophy, and personal integrity. One  factor I do not consider is the political party of the nominating  president.   I have spent the last several weeks reviewing Judge Jackson's record,  both before and after she became a Federal judge. Prior to and after  her hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Judge Jackson and I  spent more than 2 and a half hours discussing her jurisprudence and  approach to deciding cases. I explored her views on precedent and her  understanding of the role that the judicial branch plays within our  constitutional design.   I also watched Judge Jackson's confirmation hearing and, on numerous  occasions, requested additional information from the White House and  Senate Judiciary Committee.   There is no question that Judge Jackson is qualified to be a Supreme  Court Justice. She has sterling academic and extensive professional  credentials. She has been a Supreme Court clerk, an attorney in private  practice, a Federal public defender, a member of the U.S. Sentencing  Commission, and a Federal district court judge for more than 8 years.  She now serves on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of  Columbia Circuit. Her qualifications have been confirmed by the  American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary,  which has unanimously rated Judge Jackson as ``Well Qualified''--its  highest rating.   Having determined that Judge Jackson possesses the requisite  qualifications and experience, my consideration of her nomination then  turned to whether she has the judgment and approach to deciding cases  that are necessary to serve on the Supreme Court.   Words that I spoke--years ago--when announcing my decision to vote to  confirm Justice Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court remain my standard  today: ``I believe it is . . . critical for nominees to have a judicial  philosophy that is devoid of prejudgment, partisanship, and preference.  Only then will the decisions handed down from the bench be impartial  and consistent with legal precedents and the constitutional foundations  of our democratic system.''   Federal judges at all levels who are entrusted with lifetime  appointments must avoid the temptation to exceed their constitutional  role. That is particularly important for Supreme Court  [[Page S2065]]  Justices, who issue rulings from which there is no further opportunity  for appeal.   Judge Jackson testified that, as a judge, she seeks to ``decide cases  from a neutral posture'' and rules ``without fear or favor, consistent  with [her] judicial oath.'' She also correctly acknowledged that the  role of a judge ``is a limited one'' and that she is only empowered to  ``decide cases and controversies that are properly presented.'' She  added that her ``judicial role is further constrained by careful  adherence to precedent.''   During her hearing, Judge Jackson was asked whether she believes that  the Constitution is a living document with a meaning that evolves over  time. In response, she discussed the importance of ``adherence to the  text'' and how her judicial powers are constrained by the meaning of  the text at the ``time of the founding.'' She also explained that she  does not believe in a ``living Constitution,'' rejecting the theory  that it is a changing document ``infused with [her] own policy  perspective or the policy perspective of the day.''   In these responses, she demonstrated an understanding of the limited  role of the judiciary. As Chief Justice John Marshall wrote in the 1803  decision Marbury v. Madison, the Court must ``say what the law is.''  For any judge to do more would undermine the separation of powers  enshrined in the Constitution.   I also valued the testimony of Judge Thomas Griffith, who was  appointed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia  Circuit by President George W. Bush. He explained that, on several  occasions, he reviewed Judge Jackson's decisions on appeal. Although  they did not always agree on the outcome, he ``respected her diligent  and careful approach, her deep understanding, and collegial manner.''  He added that, in his view, Judge Jackson ``is an independent jurist  who adjudicates based on the facts and law and not as a partisan.''   To be sure, I do not agree with some of the decisions that Judge  Jackson has rendered as a Federal judge. For instance, in Make the Road  New York v. McAleenan, I believe that Judge Jackson was wrong to review  a decision that Congress--through Federal law--left to the ``sole and  unreviewable discretion'' of the Secretary of Homeland Security. The  Court of Appeals rightly reversed her ruling in that case. When I asked  Judge Jackson about her decision, however, I respected the fact that  she was able to articulate the thoughtful--albeit ultimately mistaken-- analysis that she employed.   Similarly, I disagree with the sentences that she has imposed in some  of the criminal cases that have come before her. As a general matter, I  believe that judges should have some discretion in sentencing. This  allows them to take into account the unique circumstances of each  case--whether aggravating or mitigating--to determine an appropriate  punishment for the crimes committed.   Other Federal judges--appointed by Presidents of both parties--have  deviated from the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines in some of the same types  of cases handled by Judge Jackson. For instance, a 2021 report by the  U.S. Sentencing Commission explained that ``[l]ess than one-third  (30.0%) of non-production child pornography offenders received a  sentence within the guideline range in fiscal year 2019.''   The recent surge in crime, exacerbated by the vilification of law  enforcement, is causing tremendous harm in cities across America. Thus,  in evaluating Judge Jackson's approach to criminal cases, I appreciate  the input from the Fraternal Order of Police, which concluded that she  ``has considered the facts and applied the law consistently and fairly  on a range of issues.'' That organization explained that it is  ``reassured that, should she be confirmed, she would approach her  future cases with an open mind and treat issues related to law  enforcement fairly and justly.''   Just as I have disagreed with some of her decisions to date, I have  no doubt that, if Judge Jackson is confirmed, I will not agree with  every vote that she casts as a Justice. That alone, however, is not  disqualifying. Indeed, that statement applies to all six Justices,  nominated by both Republican and Democratic Presidents, whom I have  voted to confirm.   I have concluded that Judge Jackson possesses the experience,  judicial philosophy, and character to serve our country honorably as an  Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.   I would be remiss if I did not take this opportunity to speak on the  profoundly disturbing trend of politicizing the courts and the judicial  nomination process. This trend dates back decades and, sadly, continues  to damage the reputation of this body and the independence of our  courts. Today, calls to ``pack'' the Supreme Court in an apparent  effort to dictate the outcome of cases are dangerous and undermine the  public's confidence in our judiciary.   Part of the reason for this politicization is that, in recent years,  the process has increasingly moved away from what I believe to be  appropriate for evaluating a Supreme Court nominee. In my view, the  role the Constitution assigns to the Senate is to examine the  experience, qualifications, philosophy, and integrity of the nominee.  It is not to assess whether a nominee reflects the ideology of an  individual Senator or would rule exactly as an individual Senator would  want.   It used to be common for Senators to give the President, regardless  of political party, considerable deference in the choice of a nominee  as long as the President's choice possessed the requisite credentials,  experience, integrity, and respect for the Constitution. One need look  no further than the 98-0 vote that conservative Justice Scalia received  in 1986 and the 96-3 vote that liberal Justice Ginsburg received in  1993.   This approach served the Senate, the Court, and the country well. It  instilled confidence in the independence and the integrity of the  judiciary and helped keep the Court above the political fray. And this  is the approach that I plan to continue to use for Supreme Court  nominations because it runs counter to the disturbing trend of  politicizing the judicial nomination process.   I urge my colleagues to denounce partisan attacks on our courts and  to join me in working to reverse this harmful trend.   Similarly, I urge the Court itself to strive to forge consensus. A  defining characteristic of a democracy, one that differentiates it from  an autocracy, is that we are all, from the humblest to the most  powerful, governed by the rule of law. That protection is inevitably  weakened when those charged with upholding the primacy of the rule of  law cannot agree on what the law provides. The perception held by some,  whether fair or not, that Supreme Court Justices are guided by their  personal views undermines respect for the law, posing a threat to the  principle that holds us together as Americans.   This danger will only grow if the Court continues to exhibit  recurring and predictable differences on the most significant legal  issues of our time. Thus, I think it is essential that the Justices  endeavor to reach consensus, especially on matters with the greatest  potential to cause conflict.   To state this point in simpler terms, at times when our country is  deeply divided along political and ideological lines, the Supreme Court  is uniquely positioned to ensure that we adhere to the ties that bind  us. Its ability to perform that function is diminished, however, when  its members appear no less divided than the rest of the country.   I will cast my vote to confirm Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to the  U.S. Supreme Court.   