 Mr. Speaker, I thank our distinguished  Judiciary Committee chairman and Representative Karen Bass for their  leadership on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, all of our children should have the opportunity to  thrive. Getting them off to a good start in life is critical for their  well-being, as well as for society as a whole. That is why prenatal  care and safety for pregnant women are so important. It lowers the risk  of complications that can affect the ability of a child to thrive and  can have far-reaching impacts on their future.   Alarmingly, recent reports indicate that Federal prisons are not  aligned with national guidance for the treatment of pregnant women, and  in extreme cases, Mr. Speaker, women have been shackled to their beds  during and after childbirth.   I think we can all agree that children should not be punished for  their mother's mistakes or misdeeds. The Pregnant Women in Custody Act  will strengthen and promote the health and safety of pregnant inmates,  providing a national standard of care allowing children to have the  opportunities they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise as the designee for  the gentlewoman of Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley), who is a great  advocate for justice and women. I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment makes one  addition to the bill to ensure that incarcerated women have access to  essential postpartum healthcare and support.   The Pregnant Women in Custody Act includes a provision related to  women who give birth while in custody or immediately prior to  incarceration. This provision requires that women be given access to  counseling services related to parental rights and family preservation.   The amendment will add an additional component to ensure women also  receive counseling services related to postpartum care because we know  that women are physically and emotionally vulnerable after giving  birth.   This addition to the bill will help women navigate that often complex  and difficult time period and ensure adequate access to healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, it really pleases me that we have this very good  bipartisan legislation; and I know it is probably heartening to the  citizens of our country that we can come together on important matters.   This is about the children. This is about getting children off to a  good start so that they can thrive; so they can have opportunities for  success; and there is nothing more important, really, than having good  caregivers, their parents, especially their mom, who gives birth.   This amendment will make sure that women who have been incarcerated  get the postpartum care that they need and that their children deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   