 Madam Speaker, I thank my sister and my colleague,  Congresswoman Maloney, for taking the lead always on issues to protect  women's rights.   I want to declare right now that women are not going back. Women will  not tolerate being second-class citizens. I will not tolerate that my  granddaughters will not have the rights that women have today. That a  fundamental, basic threshold right in the United States of America, in  the 21st century, will be snatched away is something not only  unthinkable but something that doesn't need to happen.   Let me tell you a story that was told to me. I have a dear friend, an  adult man, who told me about his mother, Shirley. When he was 11 years  old, his mother, Shirley, was told that if she was going to carry to  term the fetus that was in her womb right now, she would not survive.   This tragically was just before Roe v. Wade was passed, just a couple  of months before Roe became the law of the land.   The only place that abortion was legal was in New York. This single  mom had to put the money together to finally get herself to New York,  and she did. She scrounged that money. She saved. She borrowed.   But when she got there, she was told at the clinic: Too late. She was  too far gone in the pregnancy.   She came home and celebrated the Fourth of July with her children.  When she went to deliver, she died, leaving an 11-year-old son and two  little girls to be orphans.   I have a button that I have had for a long time that I wear that  says: Roe was not the beginning of women having abortions. Roe was the  end of women dying from abortions.   Do you think that in this country the majority of Americans support  the idea of allowing women to die? We know they don't. We know that the  majority of Americans--the vast majority of Democrats, three-fourths of  Independents, and, yes, a majority of Republicans--say no, that Roe v.  Wade, the right to access an abortion, may not--should not--be  overturned. We have an opportunity right now in the United States of  America, and it is called the vote.    We have what I would consider a rogue Supreme Court right now. The  filibuster was eliminated, the requirement for 80 votes, in order to  get the current Justices of the Supreme Court there so that they could  do this dastardly deed. But if we just go to the polls, we can change  that, not someday in the future but in this next election.   Hopefully, we can get the Senate to do it. But I will tell you that  Mitch McConnell has already said if they were to win the Senate, he  wants to suspend the filibuster, the 80-vote requirement, and make a  prohibition on abortion the law of the land, not just for the States to  decide.   I will tell you something: This is not going to happen. There is a  tsunami out there of opposition to this. It is not just women; it is  men and women alike. It is about families who don't want to see a 13- year-old girl who has been raped be forced to carry that pregnancy to  term. Are you kidding me?   I am putting out a warning right now and an invitation to all people  who think that women deserve that right to control their own bodies to  say: No way. Hell no.   