 Madam Speaker, St. Louis and I rise today because, if  America's students are not taught the truth in school, we can at least  make the floor of the House of Representatives their classroom.   My name is Cori Bush. But Bush was not the name that my paternal  ancestors in Nigeria carried. Bush was the last name forced upon them  by their slave masters right here in America. My maternal ancestors  carried the last name Blakney, forced upon them by their slave masters  in Pageland, South Carolina.   Our Black ancestors were kidnapped--stolen--from their homelands.  They were the 12 million Africans who were shackled, branded, and  packed into the bowels of slave ships during what is known as the  Middle Passage where 2 million Africans died. Poor ventilation, burning  heat, no room to stand or room to turn their bodies, forced to lay in  their own feces and urine, they were starved, dehydrated, poisoned, and  beaten.   Those who survived the Middle Passage survived only to be brought  onto these shores, bought and sold at auctions like the goods their  forced labor was producing.   These auctions launched a longstanding practice in America in which  White folks--including White women--scrutinize and violate the bodies  of Black people--especially Black women.   We are going to tell the truth today. Black adults and Black children  were enslaved and forced to endure being tormented, being tortured, and  being raped by White slave owners on slave ships and on the  plantations.   Our ancestors tried to escape the bondage of slavery just to be  hunted, captured, imprisoned, and executed via slave patrols and  convict leasing--those institutions whose primary focus was to  regulate, exploit, and control Black bodies.   More than 1,700 Congressmen once enslaved Black people. Those 1,700  people who routinely cast votes cultivating, conserving, and codifying  White supremacy did not view Black people as human beings. Our own  Presidents owned, sold, and enslaved Black people.   The image behind me is the truth of our country's history that our  students are denied. This is what a lynching in America looked like.   What we must remember is that for every Black person they hung from a  tree, dozens of White people came to celebrate.   When our students don't learn about these lynchings in school, it is  not just to deny us our justice, it is because racist policymakers  don't want White children to know that that may be great-grandpa  smiling in the picture and pointing at our ancestors dangling like  strange fruit.   This is the truth about our country that too many racist lawmakers  want to prevent our students from learning.   So to young White people across our country: this is your history.  The atrocities perpetuated against Black people for generations were  committed by your ancestors--not all of you, but many of you.   So you have to know this is American history.   So what will you do to help repair the damage?   What will you do to help us achieve reparations for the harm done?   And if your history books do not teach this history, then question  the book. Talk to your school district. Tell them that we don't want a  whitewashed history. We want and deserve the truth.   