 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment  No. 860, which is a modified version of my bipartisan Stop the Chinese  Communist Party Infrastructure Act.   There is a growing concern, and rightfully so, surrounding awards of  costly and sensitive public works projects across the United States to  companies affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party, otherwise known  as the CCP.   Bad actors have taken advantage of the availability of unaccountable  Federal tax dollars. It is critical that Congress ensures that the  Chinese Communist Party-linked entities do not receive these, or any  other Federal funds for that matter, for primary or subcontracts to  complete infrastructure projects in America or through the Department  of Defense.   U.S. taxpayer-funded infrastructure projects should be held to a high  standard of both quality and security. Public funds should not line the  pockets of the Chinese Communist Party, which is engaged in a large- scale offensive against American national and industrial security or  help fund the Chinese Government's continued human rights abuses.   While hardworking Americans struggle to make ends meet, Federal,  State, and local governments have awarded major public works projects  to the Chinese Communist Party-affiliated entities who have in turn  produced lackluster results and cost the American people billions of  dollars in the aftermath. The United States must do more to stand up to  Communist China, while simultaneously bolstering our domestic  construction and manufacturing industries.   This is why I submitted the Stop Chinese Communist Party  Infrastructure Act as an amendment to this year's National Defense  Authorization Act. This important legislation prohibits the Department  of Defense from using Federal funds to enter, engage in, or award  public works contracts in the United States to entities headquartered  in China or affiliated with the Chinese Government or the Chinese  Communist Party.   It is time for Congress to step up to the plate in support of  American manufacturing and industry and against Communist China's gross  human rights abuses and predatory trade practices.   Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  amendment.   Madam Speaker, I also rise today in support of other amendments  introduced in this year's National Defense Authorization Act.   The first amendment requires an assessment of the previous U.N. arms  embargo on Iran as well as a report on what steps the Departments of  Defense and State are taking now in the absence of the U.N. arms  embargo to constrain Iranian arms proliferation.   The second amendment requires a report on the activities of the  Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps operatives abroad, including the ways  in which the U.S. is working with other nations to counter the threat  that they pose.   The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps is a U.S.-designated foreign  terrorist organization, and yet, the IRGC-affiliated officials continue  to operate freely and openly in many foreign countries, often under the  auspices of Iran's illegitimate diplomatic operations.   Even here in the U.S., the Iranian regime is reportedly continuing  its efforts to plan and execute attacks against former senior  government officials, including former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.   The time is now for the United States to increase cooperation with  our partners and allies around the world to address and expose the full  range of threats posed by Iranian operatives.   Finally, my last amendment requires a report on the threat of aerial  drones and unmanned aircraft to U.S. military bases both here and  abroad. Every U.S. military base and installation should be prepared to  detect, disable, and disarm hostile or unidentified, unmanned aerial  systems. Sadly, we know many are not.   My amendment will be a significant step forward to ensure that the  Department of Defense has the resources it  [[Page H6447]]  needs to deploy unmanned traffic management, UTM systems, to protect  our interests and personnel. The report is long overdue.   Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support these  amendments, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for  including these amendments.   