 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Scott for yielding and  for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Workforce Innovation  and Opportunity Act of 2022. This important legislation improves the  existing statute in several critical ways.   First, this legislation formally authorizes sector partnerships. I  have witnessed the significant benefit of sector partnerships. One  persuasive example in northwest Oregon is the Oregon Manufacturing  Innovation Center, OMIC, which develops and applies advanced metals  manufacturing technologies in their R&D center, while educating an  advanced manufacturing workforce in their training center run by  Portland Community College. OMIC is an outstanding example of how  sector partnerships between industry, higher education, and government  can create new R&D outcomes, prepare workers, and fuel local economies.   Second, this legislation will improve access to supportive services  like access to tools, work attire, transportation, childcare, and  mentorship, which are crucial to helping workers stay in their training  and in the workplace and to thrive.   Third, this legislation will define and formally authorize funding  for pre-apprenticeship programs. In Oregon, we have tremendous  programs, successful programs, like Oregon Tradeswomen, that prepare  women for careers and trades through pre-apprenticeships. Despite the  success of this program and others, funding has been extremely low.  This legislation will help expand these life-changing programs and set  participants up for success in apprenticeships and beyond. These are  life-changing.   Importantly, this legislation will make Job Corps more inclusive by  requiring Job Corps center operators to implement a tiered disciplinary  system instead of adhering to a zero-tolerance drug policy. It would  expand the definition of ``individuals with barriers to employment'' to  include historically disadvantaged communities. These changes will  modernize Job Corps in important ways, and it will better meet the  needs of all communities.    I urge my colleagues to support this Workforce Innovation Opportunity  Act reauthorization to help close the skills gap and to address the  needs of working Americans, and I thank Chairman Scott for his  leadership in bringing this important bill to the floor.   