 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7535, the Quantum  Computing Cybersecurity Preparedness Act, a truly bipartisan piece of  legislation.   I thank Congressman Ro Khanna from California for his leadership in  this and Congressman Connolly and Congresswoman Maloney for working  together across the aisle on an issue like this.   I could never imagine 20 years ago--or further than that, 40 years  ago, 35 years ago--playing with an Apple IIe in the 1980s, and fast- forward to college as a cadet at the Citadel, learning and teaching  myself how to code. We have seen leaps and bounds in technology and the  advances over the last decades in technology.   We see the risks to our national security here and abroad, and we are  working together in this environment today where many of us are  attacked for working together but looking forward and looking to the  future and protecting our country and protecting our allies.   Quantum computing is without a doubt the next frontier in technology.  It will take our civilization forward by leaps and bounds. In many  ways, it will turn conventional understanding of computing on its head.  I am here to tell you that the quantum computing era is upon us.   Just 3 years ago, an entry level quantum computer the size of a  refrigerator was proven capable of outperforming a supercomputer the  size of a football field. Imagine the advances in technology in that  short a period of time and how quickly we are moving forward to the  future.   We are looking at a world not unlike the last few days of the  Manhattan Project, knowing what is to come will alter the security of  the world forever. Fortunately, as with the development of the atomic  bomb, America is at the forefront of pioneering this kind of  technology--no doubt by leadership from Congressman Khanna and others.   We must inevitably face the reality that one day soon this technology  may, in fact, be used against us by China and others that are against  us today. The most significant threat of quantum computing is its  ability to break through encryption with unprecedented speed.   Currently, our sensitive data is usually encrypted and protected with  a password. It might take a conventional computer years or even decades  to try to break that password and eventually steal your data.   In the next few years or decades, a computer will be created which  will crack the last 20 years of encryption--not in years or months, but  in minutes or seconds. To prevent any illicit use of this technology,  we want to ensure that we are transitioning to a post-quantum  cryptography future, to ensure Federal agencies that their sensitive  information remains secure from any prying eyes. And we know that in  2020 we had 11 Federal agencies that were hacked by those that aligned  with China and with Russia--11 Federal agencies.   Our bill prompts the Federal Government to begin taking the necessary  steps to future proof current sensitive information and its databases.  It will ensure the Federal Government will study the specific risks,  draft a report on strategies to address these risks, and estimate the  costs associated with securing our agencies and their IT systems.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues across the aisle for their work  and their leadership on this issue.   