 Madam President, when the extreme far-right Supreme Court  overturned Roe, my Republican colleagues lauded this horrendous  decision, claiming that a woman's right to an abortion should be left  to the States. But now they are admitting what we knew all along: that  this was never about States' rights. This has always been about  Republicans using their power to control women and our bodily autonomy.   Despite the fact that the vast majority of the American public  supports reproductive freedom and despite the fact that voters across  the country are overwhelmingly voting to protect this freedom,  Republicans are pandering--I think that is a really good word, apt  word--pandering--to the extreme MAGA base and have now introduced a  nationwide ban on abortion after 15 weeks.   Why 15 weeks, you ask? Because that is what the senior Senator from  South Carolina who introduced this legislation said he would ``feel  comfortable at.'' So we now have a Republican Senator attempting to  restrict the bodily autonomy of women across the country because that  is what he feels comfortable at. It is not enough that the overturning  of Roe has created fear and confusion all across the country. We now  have the introduction of a nationwide abortion ban further adding to  the chaos.   This is not some sort of hypothetical debate or ``hysteria,'' as some  of my Republican colleagues have claimed. If Republicans take control  of the Senate, we now know what they will do. They will work to pass a  national abortion ban, which would mean even in my home State of  Hawaii, which was the first State in the country to decriminalize  abortion even before the Roe decision--we did this in Hawaii in 1970.  And for voters in States who are pushing back against their radical  legislators and exercising their right to bring the issue of abortion  to the ballot, including States like Kansas and Michigan, this bill  would overrule their efforts.   But, of course, to add to their utter hypocrisy, if States like Texas  or Mississippi want to be even more restrictive, even more harmful to  women than a 15-week ban, that would be A-OK, according to the Senator  from South Carolina and his extreme bill.   Allowing Republicans to regain control of Congress would be  catastrophic not only for women, but for our entire country because  when we women can't control what we do with our bodies, of course this  impacts our families, our communities, our economy.   So this November, people are going to have a choice: Do you want to  let extreme MAGA Republicans tell you what you can and can't do with  your own body, or do you want to hold these politicians accountable for  pushing their far-right extreme agenda and perpetuating the chaos,  confusion, and fear of women, families, communities, and our healthcare  professionals? Let's not forget all the doctors who are out there  wondering how they can provide the kind of care that they are trained  to do right now, how they can do that in the face of this kind of ban  in so many States across the country, not to mention a nationwide  abortion ban. The chaos and confusion being experienced all across the  country following the Dobbs' decision has only multiplied by this  nationwide abortion ban bill.   Talk about government overreach. I hear my colleagues talking about  how it should be States' rights or government should not be telling us  what to do. The word ``hypocrites'' doesn't even go far enough to call  them out on what they are doing. This is an outright attack on women in  this country. That is how I see it. That is how more and more women and  those who support our right to make decisions about our own bodies,  that is how we see it. And why? Because that is what is happening. This  is literally a call to arms in our country.   I yield the floor.    I rise today in support of Dr. Gita Rao Gupta's  nomination to serve as Ambassador at Large for Global Women's Issues,  and I am glad to be here with my friend from New Hampshire to argue for  her confirmation.   As head of the State Department's Office of Global Women's Issues,  the Ambassador at Large leads our diplomatic efforts to promote the  rights and empowerment of women and girls around the world. Who can  argue with that kind of a mission?   From supporting women's economic participation to combating domestic  and gender-based violence, this work is critically important, and Dr.  Gupta is well-suited to take on this important task. Dr. Gupta has  spent her life working to empower women across the globe. She has led  several nonprofit organizations focused on advancing gender equity and  has served as cochair of the World Bank's Gender-Based Violence Task  Force.   But for months now, Republicans have blocked consideration of her  nomination. Why? Not because she is unqualified. Dr. Gupta's record is  impeccable, and her qualifications are clear. No, Republicans are  blocking her nomination simply because she supports the fundamental  right of all women to make decisions about their bodies and their  futures, including the decision to get an abortion.   Apparently, it is no longer enough for my Republican colleagues to  push their extreme anti-abortion agenda. Now that they have overturned  Roe v. Wade, they are opposing anyone who expresses support for  abortion access even if it is their personal view and not one they are  going to be pushing forward in the position that we are being asked to  confirm them for.   Last year, the Republicans did the same thing to President Biden's  nominee to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business  Administration, SBA, opposing his nomination because of their  opposition to SBA's totally lawful PPP loans to Planned Parenthood  clinics providing critical healthcare to communities across the  country.   The Republicans, I have to say, have been on a tear about ``How dare  SBA provide these lawful PPP loans to Planned Parenthood?'' Apparently,  it escapes their notice that these are lawful loans.   So Republicans' opposition to Dr. Gupta's confirmation is a dangerous  position and one that threatens the health, safety, and prosperity of  women here in the United States and around the world.   For example, my Republican colleagues raised concerns about the state  of women and girls in Afghanistan, and yet in another example of their  hypocrisy, they are opposing a nominee who would be in a position to  actually help support these women.   As Ambassador at Large for Global Women's Issues, Dr. Gupta will  bring  [[Page S4607]]  decades of experience to empower women, improve their economic  security, and end violence against women and girls.   There is no legitimate reason for anyone to not support her  nomination to this important role. The chaos and fear across the  country generated by the Supreme Court's Roe decision is spilling over  to block this nomination.   I thank Senator Shaheen for her focus on Dr. Gupta's nomination and  her dedication to women and girls at home and abroad, and I urge my  Republican colleagues to do the right thing for a change and end their  bad faith obstruction of Dr. Gupta's nomination.   I yield back to my colleague from New Hampshire.   