 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this omnibus  appropriations bill. I want to thank Chair DeLauro, my fellow  cardinals, and the Speaker for seeing this critical process through.  Providing funding for the operation of our federal government is among  our most important Constitutional duties. This package provides  critical funding for health care, housing and human needs. It also  includes specific community project funding important to my community  in the East Bay as well as communities across the country. These are  crucial investments in a more humane, equitable and sustainable future.  I urge all my colleagues to support it.   As Chair of the subcommittee on the State Department and Foreign  Operations, I have worked to ensure that this bill includes the support  that our diplomats and development professionals need to contribute to  a better, safer world. The State and Foreign Operations division of  this bill provides $56.1 billion, which is $595 million above 2021.   In addition, it includes $6.8 billion in assistance to respond to the  humanitarian and economic crisis caused by Russia's invasion of  Ukraine. Added to the resources in the base SFOPS bill, we will be  better able to address the historic levels of global displacement and  humanitarian need resulting from natural disasters, conflict, and the  pandemic.   The bill includes $9.83 billion to support the health of families and  communities around the world, a $634 million increase over last year.  This includes $5.95 billion for PEPFAR to help them end the HIV  pandemic by 2030, as well as increases for tuberculosis, global health  security and maternal and child health.   I am very proud of the steps this bill takes to increase diversity,  equity, inclusion, and accessibility within the nation's diplomatic and  development workforce. The bill includes $8 million for paid  internships at the Department of State and robustly funds various  workforce diversity initiatives at both the Department of State and  USAID, including for the Pickering and Rangel Fellowships.   We also added new language about nondiscrimination in humanitarian  operations stemming from disturbing reports of unfair treatment of  people fleeing the conflict in Ukraine.   Unfortunately, a number of crucial investments and policy issues that  I fought to include in this bill were not included in this final  [[Page H1413]]  agreement. We should be doing more to confront the climate crisis, to  protect women's health and reproductive rights, and pay America's debts  to international organizations. The need to overcome the filibuster in  the other chamber blocked progress on these critical priorities in this  bill. It's past time to end the filibuster and get on with the people's  work. I will not stop fighting to meet these challenges and support the  rights of Americans and all people to live in a more just, humane, and  sustainable world.   There is no question that this omnibus represents an important step  forward to invest in America. Once again, I thank Chair DeLauro and the  Speaker for leading this effort to make the critical investments in  this omnibus bill, and I urge all my colleagues to support it.   