 Mr. President, across this country, Americans are facing  aggressive attacks on their reproductive freedom. An extremist Supreme  Court and radical rightwing politicians have made clear that they see  women as second-class citizens and that government--government; not the  person who is pregnant but government--should be making decisions about  whether or not to carry a pregnancy to term.   In this extraordinary moment, we must do everything we can to ensure  that patients get the healthcare and reproductive services they need.  That includes protecting patients from the deceptive practices of some  so-called crisis pregnancy centers, or CPCs.   Nationwide, there are over 2,500 known CPCs, although some claim that  number is closer to about 4,000. Before Roe was overturned, over 16  million women of reproductive age lived closer to a crisis pregnancy  center than to an abortion clinic. Now, some estimate that as many as  34 million women do. Today in Massachusetts, CPCs outnumber true  abortion clinics by about 3 to 1.   CPCs often lure women seeking legitimate reproductive care, including  abortions, into their facilities by advertising themselves as  comprehensive reproductive healthcare providers, but this is flatly  untrue. Many of these CPCs are not healthcare providers, and they often  operate specifically to deceive pregnant women, with the goal of  preventing them from having abortions.   CPC websites often feature images of people in white lab coats and  promises of services like ultrasounds or STD tests. Yet CPCs rarely  employ licensed physicians or offer a full range of reproductive health  services. According to one study, 84 percent of CPCs had no physician  and 75 percent had no registered nurse even affiliated with the staff.  In fact, of the staff that did have some medical training, most work  part time or as volunteers. As for the services they provide, the same  study found that only 1 out of 607 crisis pregnancy centers provided  contraceptive care and 95 percent of CPC offered no prenatal care-- none, zero. Most have no doctors, no nurses, and offer no medical care,  but they sure have a lot of medical opinions. Nearly two-thirds  promoted medically unsound claims, such as offering information about  unproven and unscientific abortion pill reversal treatments.    Deception is at the heart of the operation for many CPCs. The  director of a crisis pregnancy center in Texas explained to the  Washington Post how she revamped operations so her center could pull in  more people who were seeking an abortion. The director paid thousands  of dollars to ensure that searches for phrases like ``need an  abortion'' would lead people to her center, and she filled the website  with phrases like ``I want an abortion'' and promised ``CONFIDENTIAL  ABORTION CONSULTATION--NO COST TO YOU.'' The website is so deceptive  that the director said she even receives angry calls from anti-abortion  advocates who want to know why her center even talks about abortion, to  which she replies: ``How else do you get an abortion-minded girl to  know that you are there?''   Deception is wrong. No one should be deceived directly or indirectly  about the services they can access or the risks of receiving care. That  is particularly true for someone under great stress and time  constraints who is coping with an unplanned pregnancy.   That is why I am glad to introduce the Stop Anti-Abortion  Disinformation Act with Senator Menendez and why I am joining him today  in calling up this legislation for a vote. Our bill directs the Federal  Trade Commission to prohibit deceptive or misleading advertising  related to the provision of abortion services. It also empowers the  Commission to enforce these rules and collect penalties from  organizations that violate the law. This is far from a radical  proposal. For more than 100 years, the FTC has been authorized to  prosecute entities that use deceptive practices.   And let me be clear. Any crisis pregnancy center that operates  fairly, disseminates factual information, and is clear about what  services it does and does not provide would be free to continue its  work.   This bill is not about preventing parents from receiving diapers or  other supplies if they have chosen to continue a pregnancy. This is  about organizations that deliberately deceive women and girls who are  seeking help to terminate a pregnancy. Unfortunately, deception is at  the heart of the typical CPC's business model.   As the director of a CPC explained, the deception begins when women  search for an abortion provider. The deception then continues once  women walk through the doors of a crisis pregnancy center.   I just want to tell you a bit about the experience of a young woman  living in Massachusetts who visited a crisis pregnancy center earlier  this year. After finding the facility, which promised a ``free abortion  consultation,'' this woman was asked to fill out forms to disclose  personal information. She was repeatedly lied to about how far along  she was in her pregnancy. She was told falsely that terminating her  pregnancy would increase her risk of breast cancer and depression and  that an abortion could mean that she could never become pregnant in the  future. Sadly, her experience is not unique.   Here is the kicker. Women and girls visiting CPCs, like this young  woman, often fill out forms and answer questionnaires requesting both  personal identification and personal health information, which women  provide because they believe they are in a medical facility that will  protect their privacy. But because CPCs are not  [[Page S4021]]  healthcare providers, these women have no legal protection, and these  centers have no legal obligation to protect those data. These  unlicensed facilities are not subject to Federal privacy laws like the  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA. This  means that crisis pregnancy centers could pass along private  information about who was seeking an abortion, where that person lives,  and so on--information that, in the wake of the Dobbs decision, is  particularly dangerous.   The evidence of abuse is overwhelming. It is time to crack down on  deceptive and misleading practices that many crisis pregnancy centers  employ because the last thing that a woman seeking reproductive care  should have to worry about is whether she is being tricked, lied to, or  deceived about the medical care she seeks.   I yield the floor.    Could I ask a question then because I am a little  confused by what has just happened here. I presume deception is wrong  whoever does it. So if we just said no deception around pregnancy  services, would you be willing to support this?    Mr. President.    Yes.    Yes, I am asking you that question, Mr. President.    Mr. President, then can I ask through the Presiding  Officer another question, and that is if we are not talking about the  fraud part, can we at least talk about collecting health information  that any so-called crisis pregnancy center--I am sorry--is the Senator  leaving, the one who said that it is important to protect private  healthcare information?   That at least we could agree that private healthcare information--I  guess the Senator is just going to walk off the floor.   So the question would have been how about agreeing that anyone who  collects information about pregnancy and collects medical and personal  information has to be bound by HIPAA so that that information is fully  protected. That would be my question.   But since there is no one here to answer it on the Republican side, I  guess we will have to leave it for today.    Mr. President, this is a reminder again why I am so  honored to fight alongside Senator Menendez.   I don't think anyone should be deceived, and particularly a woman who  is seeking information about termination of a pregnancy, and I don't  believe anyone's private medical information should be shared.   The idea that these crisis pregnancy centers gather information from  women who believe they are giving it to a medical provider and that  that information will be protected and that that is not the case is  truly despicable.   Thank you again, Senator Menendez.   