 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 2116, the Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair  Act, commonly known as the CROWN Act. I would like to thank Speaker  Pelosi, Chairman Nadler, and of course Congresswoman Bonnie Watson  Coleman for bringing this bill to the floor.   Let me just first say, we all know--and you have heard the debate-- that this bill is going to take aim at prohibiting race-based hair  discrimination. Let me tell the other side: I am an American, and this  is very important to me and to millions of Americans. Yet, your  arguments, you know they are outrageous, but they are not surprising.   Republicans, every step of the way, try to diminish the humanity of  Black and Brown people, try to uphold white supremacy at every step of  the way. Just listen to what you are saying in terms of arguing against  this bill.   For decades, Black and Brown people have been penalized for wearing  hairstyles, natural hairstyles deemed as messy, unruly, and  unprofessional. We have seen students humiliated and unfairly  disciplined because their braided hair extensions or locs were  considered a violation of the dress code. And in the workplace, Black  people with curly Afros, braids, twists or locs, or with no hair are  often perceived as less professional than people with straightened  hair, which negatively impacts their ability to be promoted or to get  raises.   Yes, personally, I have always worn my hair however I chose. I have  worn it straight; I have worn it braided; I have worn it spiked; I have  worn it curly; I have worn it in a big natural; you name it. Everyone  should be able to make those choices without fear of repercussion.   Hair discrimination is rooted in systemic racism and is a real  barrier to advancement and empowerment for our communities. I have been  fighting to end this discriminatory practice for years. In 2014, the  women of the Congressional Black Caucus urged the Army to rescind Army  Regulation 671, which prohibited many hairstyles worn by African- American women and other women of color, and I led an amendment in the  fiscal year 2015 Defense appropriations bill to ban funding for this  discriminatory rule.    Madam Speaker, I just want to remind you, we  put this in the Defense appropriations bill to ban funding for this  discriminatory rule. The military understood it.   Due to our advocacy, a few years later the U.S. Navy removed their  discriminatory policy, allowing women, especially women of color, to  wear their hair in dreadlocks, large buns, braids, and ponytails. We  owe it to ourselves and to future generations to take action here in  Congress to break down these barriers. Everyone should be able to show  up as their authentic selves and passing the CROWN Act is a major step  in that direction. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   