 Mr. President, I rise today to honor, as all of my  colleagues do, someone whom I have had the good fortune to work with my  entire time in the U.S. Senate, 22 years. It is hard for me to believe  that.   But Senator Pat Leahy really is more than a friend. He really is more  than a leader. As my colleagues have said, he is an institution, and it  is really hard to picture the U.S. Senate without him.   I was thinking that maybe the only time that we have disagreed was  when he wanted to name Lake Champlain a Great Lake. It may be a big  lake. It may be a beautiful lake. It is not a Great Lake.  [[Page S7800]]    Senator Leahy has literally made our Nation and our world a freer and  fairer place. Through his leadership on the Judiciary Committee,  Senator Leahy has fought, as we know, for a fair criminal justice  system and greater civil rights protections. One example is his  tireless work that he spoke about to restore the landmark Voting Rights  Act after the horrific Shelby County decision in 2013.   And he hasn't limited his fight for justice to the United States. Pat  Leahy is a champion for human rights around the world, and I have had  the great fortune to travel with him and see this up close.   Some of my fondest memories of Senator Leahy and Marcelle were when  we traveled to Cuba in 2013 and then again in 2015. What an adventure  that was. We met with Cuban officials to discuss opportunities for  greater cooperation and reformers and activists who bravely pushed back  against the Castro regime.   And in 2019, Senator Leahy led a large congressional delegation--a  bipartisan delegation--to South Korea and Vietnam. It was so incredibly  moving to see the people of Vietnam honor my friend for his long legacy  of leadership on landmines and the effort to clean up areas  contaminated with dioxin during the Vietnam war.   They actually have a plaque. There was this huge ceremony, literally  rolling out the red carpet on the military base where they were  announcing their efforts on cleanup. A plaque was set up primarily for  Senator Leahy, but all of us on the trip had the good fortune of having  our names on it with him as well. But the reverence shown for Senator  Leahy was really inspiring.   Senator Leahy is also a legend on the Agriculture Committee, as  everyone has said. He was chairman and ranking member of the committee.  His work was guided by the same bipartisan principles that guide  Senator Boozman and me today. We have learned from his leadership and  his being a role model to us.   He is the father of the organic farm bill created over 30 years ago,  which now has created a $60 billion industry--$60 billion industry.   He has been a leader on conservation initiatives.   He is the author of the Farm to School Program, which has been an  overwhelming success, showing children that, actually, food doesn't  come from the grocery store--you actually plant it and harvest it and  grow it--and creating so much excitement for children in school.   And anyone familiar with dairy policy knows that our Nation's family  dairy farms have had no greater champion than Senator Leahy.   And, of course, you can't talk about Senator Leahy without mentioning  his love of everything Batman. I understand he started reading Batman  comics as a young boy and grew up to voice a character in an animated  series and appear in five Batman movies.   He looked like he was having so much fun that I decided to join him  in the last one, which was filmed in Michigan, and I might say his  character got blown up; mine didn't.   Pat, we are going to miss you so much, so much. I hope you enjoy many  wonderful days and years ahead with Marcelle and your grandkids and  your camera.   Thank you for a job well done. You have made Vermont, our country,  and our world a better place.   I yield the floor.   