 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 4900, the  SBIR and STTR Extension Act of 2022. This is an exciting and thrilling  day, and we couldn't push with more urgency to pass this legislation.   The Small Business Innovation Research Program, the SBIR, is well- known for its tagline of ``America's seed fund,'' as it inspires small  businesses across the country to transform their ideas into marketable  products and services.   On behalf of Chairwoman Johnson, I thank the Chairwoman for the Small  Business Committee for bringing us here to this moment and, of course,  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, for joining us in a  bipartisan action to improve America's competitiveness.   The National Science Foundation piloted the SBIR program in the  1970s, at the urging of Members who recognized that investments in  small business innovation benefits our Nation as a whole and creates  jobs. Due to its success, Congress made it a governmentwide program.  Decades later, SBIR has given back to the taxpayer in immeasurable  ways. It has been so successful that the SBIR model has been replicated  in 17 countries.   Since coming to Congress myself, I devote Mondays to visiting  manufacturers or businesses in my district, in what I call  Manufacturing Mondays, which showcases southeastern Michigan's  innovation economy and our workforce. I have seen the powerful impact  of the SBIR program firsthand in these visits; and previous to coming  to Congress, I helped companies and small business innovators apply for  these grants.   Last December, I had the privilege of visiting the team at  Geofabrica, an Additive Manufacturing Technology Development company in  Auburn Hills, Michigan, to hear about their exciting, DOD-funded SBIR  work. Their CEO shared something that struck a chord. He said:  ``Geofabrica would not have undertaken a fraction of its technology  development if it were not for the SBIR and STTR programs.''   Think about that, my friends. These programs make discovery possible  for small businesses; some beginning at the university level, and some  that are small businesses in their infancy stage.   Over the past 5 years, the SBIR program has awarded small businesses  in Michigan more than $348 million in funding for R&D. This has led to  incredibly exciting discoveries and inventions in Michigan, from the  development of a handheld technology that enables farmers to accurately  detect nitrates in their own fields to save farmers money, while also  protecting our freshwater systems from toxic algal blooms; to the  testing of new ligand for PET imaging of the brain during clinical  trials for new memory disorder drugs. This is all coming from this  program we are going to reauthorize today.   The last comprehensive reauthorization for the SBIR program was 11  years ago. We have opted or just continued to extend the program, like  we did in 2016, leaving powerful opportunities to strengthen SBIR out  of the conversation. My, how the times have changed.   I began this Congress ready to work on updating SBIR in order to  support our entrepreneurs, our job creators, and the place that I am so  privileged to call home and represent, Oakland County, Michigan, the  home of automation alley.   Congressman and Dr.  Jim Baird and myself ushered in H.R. 4033, a  smart and effective way to make improvements to SBIR. Unfortunately,  our bill was not passed by the Senate, and it is not the complete  legislation before us today. So even as we provide much-  [[Page H8134]]  needed stability to the program with today's vote, we still have work  to do.   One of my own priorities is to expand program outreach to enable  agencies to reach more first-time entrepreneurs, particularly those who  are Black, Hispanic, Indigenous, and female entrepreneurs, people  innovating in their home and alongside their family, particularly  during these disruptive times of the COVID-19 pandemic. All of these  individuals have innovations and businesses that have been long  underfunded.   I also hope to see enhanced support for technology commercialization  within the program, including through additional technical support to  businesses and by providing agencies a wider range of funding tools to  meet our unique needs.   Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to join me in passing S. 4900  today for SBIR reauthorization.   