 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment  to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to study the  suicide crises among children living with chronic illnesses and  conditions, including autoimmune diseases like alopecia.   Across this Nation, our children are carrying unprecedented amounts  of trauma and grief in their emotional backpacks.   For an entire generation of youngsters living with chronic  conditions, the solitude, grief, and uncertainty of the past 2 years  have only exacerbated the emotional and mental health challenges that  already weighed so heavily.   Like millions of Americans, I am living with the autoimmune disease  alopecia. There are several forms of alopecia. I am living with  alopecia universalis.   Navigating the world as a bald woman is disruptive to many. I am 48  years old, I am an adult, and I have built up some pretty thick skin,  but there are days that even bring me to my knees because of the social  stigmatization, the bullying, the taunting that I experience as an  adult.   Although this does not threaten my life, that does not mean that it  does not impact it. I was a caregiver to my mother in her cancer  battle, and her very first concern and worry--even though she was  fighting for her life--was, am I going to lose my hair.   This is something much more than cosmetic for all who are living with  [[Page H5788]]  this. Certainly, for women and girls, there is an added layer, in that  this challenge defies societal norms of what is feminine, what is  pretty, what is acceptable, and what is appropriate.   For the millions of children--again, I am a 48-year-old adjusted  woman, but for the millions of children living with this disease, the  challenges may sometimes feel too much to bear.   While there are public misconceptions that alopecia areata is purely  cosmetic, the fact is the National Institute of Mental Health has found  that alopecia areata has been linked to higher rates of depression,  sadness, anxiety, and other mental challenges.   Some have offered: Why not just wear a wig? Well, I am working on  that, too, because many of our children can't afford a medically  durable wig. So for children who are just beginning their journey,  growing comfortable in their own skin and finding their place in the  world, these challenges can feel even harder.   Earlier this year, our alopecia community lost one of our own. She is  not the first, but one of the most recent: Miss Rio Allred. May she  rest in peace. She was 12 years old, and took her life by suicide  because of the emotional turmoil and relentless bullying she faced  every day in school due to her alopecia.   I have spoken to Rio's mother. I have heard her express the pain no  parent should ever know. I asked her to tell me about Rio. She was a  great big sister, a writer, a reader, was funny, and a light to the  world and all around her.   Her mother has now established Rio's Rainbow, a foundation in her  honor, and the mission of that, in Rio's honor, is that kids should  feel safe being who they are. One life lost to the emotional distress  associated with this disease, and any chronic condition for that  matter, is one too many.   I make no appeal today for sympathy, but for empathy, for support, to  be seen. I am not here just to take up space. I am here to create it. I  choose not to wear a wig because I know what that representation means  to the millions of Americans that are living with alopecia.   It is long past time that we study the troubling suicide crisis among  children living with chronic illnesses and conditions, including those  within our alopecia community, and invest in the early interventions  and best practices necessary to save lives. I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, which would do just that.   