 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7569, the  Energy Cybersecurity University Leadership Act.   As all Members know, the United States has witnessed an alarming rise  in cybersecurity threats and attacks against our energy infrastructure.  My home State of North Carolina is no exception.   Just over a year ago, a disastrous cyberattack on the Colonial  Pipeline caused the company to halt all pipeline operations, leading to  panic-buying of gasoline and diesel fuels across my home State. Roughly  two-thirds of North Carolina's gas stations ran out of fuel, including  over 70 percent of gas stations in Raleigh, the largest city in my  district.   Our constituents rely on dependable energy sources for their lives  and their livelihoods, and we cannot afford continued exposures to  these types of attacks.   The Energy Cybersecurity University Leadership Act, a bipartisan bill  I co-led with Congressman Carey, will help address this vulnerability.   Our bill will confront growing cyber threats against our country's  critical energy infrastructure by making real investments in a strong  and diverse workforce that is ready to meet the challenges we face.   It will provide financial assistance to support graduate students  studying the convergence of cybersecurity and energy infrastructure, in  addition to providing hands-on training and experience at our national  laboratories and utilities.    It will also expand the Department of Energy's outreach to HBCUs,  minority-serving institutions, and Tribal colleges.   I represent much of the Research Triangle, home to institutions and  universities that are propelling our Nation's innovation in  cybersecurity, as well as clean energy.   From NC State to Shaw, to Saint Augustine's, and Wake Tech, this  legislation will better equip our brilliant students and researchers in  North Carolina and beyond to tackle the changing cybersecurity  landscape.   I thank Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for their  leadership in bringing forth this bill and the other Science Committee  bills we are considering today. I urge my colleagues to support the  bill.   