 Mr. Chair, I rise to support the Fiscal Year 2023  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies appropriations bill.   I thank Ranking Member Joyce for his collaboration and partnership  through this process, and I am grateful for the leadership of  Chairwoman DeLauro, and Ranking Member Granger.   The fiscal year 2023 Interior, Environment and Related Agencies bill  provides a total of $44.8 billion dollars. This is an increase of  [[Page H6741]]  $6.8 billion dollars over last year's enacted level, which is an 18  percent increase. Last year, we made unprecedented investments to fight  the climate crisis, return science as the foundation for decision- making, dedicate the highest level of federal funding to the arts and  humanities ever, and continue our commitment to tribal nations.   This bill continues to build on those successes. Through the  investments made in this bill, our country will be better positioned to  confront the climate crisis. Just last month, we witnessed Yellowstone,  America's first national park, experience devastating flooding that  triggered mudslides, resulting in its emergency closure and leaving  damage that will take years to rebuild. Only weeks later, a destructive  wildfire threatened to destroy the giant sequoias of Yosemite National  Park. These tragedies underscored how vulnerable our ecosystems and  species are to the impacts of climate change.   That is why the investments in this bill, such as the 15 percent  increase for the land management agencies, will be meaningful for  climate adaptation and resiliency efforts on our public lands. The bill  also invests in renewable energy, both on and offshore, to provide  opportunities for growth in this sector--creating good paying American  jobs. And we make historic investments for science and environmental  protection, providing the funding necessary to build a strong EPA.   In addition to these critical investments to protect our natural  resources, the bill also includes strong funding for cultural resources  by fostering the Arts and Humanities. The bill provides $414 million  for both the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment  for the Humanities. These funds benefit all of our districts and are a  positive tool for economic development, education, and community  building.   And finally, this bill supports Native American families by investing  in a strong and resilient Indian Country, including through education  and health care programs.   This is a strong bill. Through its investments, the Interior bill  takes a whole-of-government approach to securing a safe and habitable  world for future generations. I urge my colleagues to support.   