 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the America COMPETES  Act. This crucial piece of legislation will strengthen our Nation's  financial system and allow us to maintain and strengthen our ability to  compete with the rest of the world, especially with the People's  Republic of China; that is, PRC.   After arriving in Congress, I have made it a priority to advance  legislation to empower American workers and make sure America's economy  remains competitive for generations to come.   Under my leadership, the Committee on Financial Services has:   Reauthorized the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act and the Export-Import  Bank to benefit American workers, small businesses, and communities  throughout our country;   Set aside $60 billion of Paycheck Protection Program, that is PPP,  funds for community lenders to lend to some of the smallest businesses,  including minority, and women-owned businesses;   Protected small investors and businesses from bad practices on Wall  Street to give everyone a fair shot in our capital markets.   Today, I continue that leadership with the America COMPETES Act,  including several provisions from our committee that, among other  things, will combat ransomware attacks, strengthen Defense Production  Act authorities to protect the supply chains of medical materials, and  more.   I am also pleased to have included my bill to end World Bank and  Asian Development Bank funding for China, unless such assistance  contributes a global public good that serves the U.S. national  interest, such as stopping climate change.   Moreover, I urge the House to pass the Sherman amendment, which  strengthens the integrity and, thus, increases the competitiveness of  our economy and capital markets by adding long overdue transparency to  the shadow or exempt securities markets.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will set up our Nation, its businesses and  workers, to better compete in the world, especially  [[Page H809]]  against the PRC. Let's invest in our Nation's future and get this  historic bill to the President's desk.   I urge an ``aye'' vote.   