 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  for his leadership in holding this Special Order on such an important  issue.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize our law enforcement officers  across Washington State and to honor those killed in the line of duty.   I want to personally thank our law enforcement officers who work  tirelessly to keep our community safe despite staffing shortages and,  increasingly too often, at the expense of their own safety.   We live in challenging times. We are coming out of a pandemic. Our  social safety net has been frayed. People are anxious. Mental and  behavioral health issues are prevalent. Gun violence is on the rise.   As my colleagues and I gather here to thank and acknowledge the  contributions of law enforcement across our State, I also stand here in  honor of those officers and deputies injured and killed in recent weeks  in the South Puget Sound.   For those not familiar with our community, it is a special place, a  tight-knit community of veterans, seniors, military families,  educators, and, yes, law enforcement professionals who come together to  serve and help each other every single day.   The past 3 weeks have been rough in our community. We lost one  officer and have had at least three more officers and deputies injured.  Just this past Thursday evening, two Olympia police officers were  stabbed after pursuing a suspect. Thankfully, both are recovering and  will be okay.   Nearly 3 weeks ago, in Spanaway, our community was shaken as our  Pierce County Sheriff's Department officers put their lives on the line  in service. Sergeant Rich Scaniffe was seriously injured and survived  the incident, but tragically, we lost a young hero who served alongside  him, Pierce County Sheriff's Deputy Dom Calata, whose photo you see  over there.   Deputy Calata's heroism and his commitment to protect his community  will always be remembered. Our thoughts are with his family and loved  ones during this difficult time. I am grateful for their service and  hope we can all stop for a moment to reflect on their sacrifices to  serve our State.   I hope all of us in this House will take a moment to remember Deputy  Calata and our fallen law enforcement officers in Washington State.   Before I close, I want to reiterate my support for and appreciation  of law enforcement serving South Sound and the State of Washington,  doing their part during these challenging times. From Mason County  Sheriff's Department to Lakewood Police Department, Tacoma Police  Department, Olympia Police Department, and Pierce County Sheriff's  Department, please know that we appreciate your service.    Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Newhouse for calling this  Special Order.   