 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his great leadership in bringing this important legislation to the  floor, which is part of his leadership for the children, America's  working families, and our country.   I also commend Congresswoman Jahana Hayes for her exceptional  leadership in this regard, for talking about this issue, for giving  people hope that there is a solution not only to correct the situation  for now but to make sure it doesn't happen again.   I thank Mr. Scott for his leadership in so many ways.   Madam Speaker, today, the House is taking strong action to improve  access to infant formula through the Women, Infants, and Children's  program, also known as WIC. This shortage has taken an especially  dangerous toll on women and children from underserved communities as  about half of all infant formula sold nationwide is purchased as WIC  benefits.   Thanks to the tireless leadership of Congresswoman Jahana Hayes and  Education and Labor Chairman  Bobby Scott, we will pass legislation  today to secure important flexibility for the WIC program to help  vulnerable families buy infant formula in times of emergency.    This action ensures WIC can respond quickly to supply chain  disruptions and recalls by relaxing certain non-safety-related  regulations. In doing so, we make sure that America's babies get the  nutrition they need right now and for the future.   At the same time, under the relentless leadership of Appropriations  Chair Rosa DeLauro, the House will soon pass an emergency supplemental  appropriation to address the shortage.   The supplemental delivers urgently needed resources to the FDA to  take steps to restore formula supply, increase FDA's inspection staff,  keep fraudulent products off the grocery shelves, and better collect  data on shortages in communities across the Nation.   It is essential that we ensure the Federal Government has the  resources it needs to get baby formula back on the shelves. As the  President said, we want to do it quickly, but we must do it safely, and  we must do it with caution, not so fast as not to be safe.   These two bills are strong steps, and Democrats will not relent in  shining a bright light on this emergency.   I am hopeful that Congressman Scott's and Congresswoman Hayes'  legislation will be strongly bipartisan. That is my understanding, and  that would be a great thing, coming together for the children.   Additionally, Chairwoman DeLauro is having hearings tomorrow in the  Appropriations Committee on this subject. Chairman Frank Pallone of the  Energy and Commerce Committee will be holding hearings next week to  learn more. Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney of the Committee on Oversight  and Reform has launched an investigation into the shortage, requesting  that the four major formula manufacturers detail the steps they are  taking to address this emergency. I thank her for her leadership.   When people ask me what the three most important issues facing the  Congress are, I always say the same thing: our children, our children,  our children--their health; their education; the economic security of  their families; a clean, safe, gun violence-free environment in which  they can thrive; and a world at peace in which they can reach their  fulfillment.   That is why ensuring our beautiful babies have the nutrition they  need to grow up healthy and strong is of urgent moral imperative.   As a mother of five and grandmother of nine, I know firsthand that  when a baby is crying because a baby is hungry, we want to give that  baby what is best for the baby in terms of not only satisfying the  hunger but helping with the development, and that is why this has to be  safe. Together, these two bills are the latest manifestation of our For  the Children agenda, protecting their health and well-being.   Today, the President invoked the Defense Production Act to address  nationwide shortages of baby formula, and that is a good thing. He will  also make available some military aircraft to bring formula that is  safe from other places to our country to get that formula on the  shelves, in the homes, for the babies as soon as possible.   I say this is as personal as it gets for a family. Again, we all want  it to be safe, and that is what I know that this legislation is about.  That is why a vote ``no'' on this will deprive hungry babies of  nutrition they need and jeopardize their future. That is why I am so  glad it will be strongly bipartisan.   I urge an ``aye'' on both bills for the babies, for the children, and  I congratulate both sides of the aisle for their work on this  legislation.   