 Mr. President, for more than 50 years, the Title X Family  Planning Program has provided birth control, cancer screenings, HIV  tests, and other essential healthcare services to millions of  Americans.   Now, this program primarily serves patients who already face many  barriers to accessing healthcare. Six in ten women who rely on the  program for contraception say that a title X provider is the only  healthcare provider they see all year. Yet Republican politicians, like  Senator Rubio, are now using this crucial program, which has  historically enjoyed bipartisan support, for political theater.   This vote is only one part of a broad and sustained assault by  Republican politicians on Americans' healthcare, including patients'  rights to make decisions about their own bodies. Through repeated  efforts to limit birth  [[Page S2181]]  control access, to defund Planned Parenthood, and to restrict  abortions, Republicans are chipping away at Americans' health, at  Americans' safety, and at Americans' economic independence.   In 2018, the Title X Program served nearly 4 million people annually,  but in 2019, the Trump administration issued a radical gag rule that  decimated the title X provider network, causing more than 1,000  healthcare centers to leave the program and severely restricting access  to basic primary and preventive healthcare services. The COVID-19  pandemic only made access to these services even more difficult,  disproportionately harming low-income communities and people of color.   By 2020, with the combined effects of the Trump administration's  awful policy and the COVID-19 pandemic, the program was only able to  serve 1.5 million people--less than half the number of people it had  served in 2018. In Massachusetts, by January 2021, only one title X  grantee remained, and six States had no title X providers at all even  though the need had grown.   Now, fortunately, last October, the Biden-Harris administration  reversed Trump's radical assault on the Title X Program. That was an  important victory which prioritized patients' needs, patients' health  equity, and access to a broad range of services provided by title X  providers.   Now, however, Senator Rubio is once again trying to turn back the  clock on healthcare and reproductive rights in what is just the latest  attempt to deny people access to critical healthcare. If enacted,  Senator Rubio's resolution would harm millions of Americans, people who  rely on title X providers like Planned Parenthood, local health  departments, and community health centers for family planning and  sexual health services.   Healthcare is a basic human right. Everyone deserves access to  affordable family planning and sexual health services, from birth  control to STI treatments, to pregnancy tests, no matter their ZIP  Code, no matter their income. People of color, people living in rural  areas, people living in medically underserved areas, and people with  low incomes already face immense disparities in healthcare access and  in health outcomes. If we return to this radical Trump-era policy and  cut back on basic healthcare services, the effects will  disproportionately harm communities of color, uninsured people, and  low-income people, exacerbating existing health disparities.   This vote couldn't come at a worse time. The United States is facing  surging rates of sexually transmitted infections. On top of that,  Americans are facing rampant attacks on abortion and reproductive  rights all across this country. Abortion has been virtually  inaccessible to millions of Texans for several months now.   Even though the majority of Americans--the majority of Americans-- agree that Roe v. Wade should remain the law of the land, the Supreme  Court is poised to overturn the decision in just 2 months. Meanwhile,  Republican-controlled State legislatures, emboldened by our extremist  Supreme Court, have passed over 500 anti-abortion bills this year  alone. Just this month, three more States enacted clearly  unconstitutional attacks on abortion, counting on an extremist Supreme  Court to back them up later on.    That is why now is the time to strengthen and expand access to  critical birth control and other essential healthcare services that the  Title X Program provides. That means not just defending title X but  increasing funding for the program so that HHS can rebuild the title X  provider network and adequately fund the providers, many of whom have  already been approved for grants but who haven't received a single  dollar because there simply isn't enough funding to meet the need.   Let's be clear. This is not just about healthcare; it is yet another  rightwing attempt to deny people--especially people of color,  especially LGBTQ+ people, especially low-income people--the right to  control their own futures. This is about economic justice. People who  can't access basic reproductive and healthcare services cannot fully  participate in our economy, and they have fewer economic opportunities  going forward. An unplanned pregnancy can derail an education or the  early steps of a career.   So, today, I am fighting to defend title X--a program founded in 1970  with bipartisan support. I am fighting to defend it from radical,  rightwing attacks. Republican politicians may think that they will win  by dividing Americans, but when it comes to the fight for reproductive  rights, we will fight to ensure that every person gets the care they  need.   I yield the floor.   