 I rise in support of S. 321, the ``Six Triple  Eight'' Congressional Gold Medal Act, which would award Congressional  Gold Medals to the members of the Women's Army Corps who were assigned  to the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion, known as the ``Six  Triple Eight.''   S. 321, the ``Six Triple Eight'' Congressional Gold Medal Act,  directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President  pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the award of a Congressional  Gold Medal in honor of the women of the 6888th Central Postal Directory  Battalion in recognition of their pioneering military service, devotion  to duty, and contributions to increase the morale of personnel  stationed in the European theater of operations during World War II.   On July 1, 1943, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into law  legislation that established the Women's Army Corps (WAC) as a  component of the Army.   First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and Mary McLeod Bethune, the founder of  the National Council of Negro Women, advocated for the admittance of  African-American women into the newly formed WAC to serve as officers  and enlisted personnel.   As a result of their efforts, the ``Six Triple Eight'' formed an all- Black battalion of the Women's Army Corps.   The 6888th had 855 Black women, both enlisted and officers, and was  led by Major Charity Adams.   Most of the 6888th worked as postal clerks, but others were cooks,  mechanics and held other support positions, making the 6888th a self- sufficient unit.   During World War II, there was a significant shortage of soldiers who  were able to manage the postal service for the U.S. Army overseas.   The 6888th left the United States on February 3, 1945, sailing on Ile  de France and arrived in Glasgow on February 12.   When the 6888th arrived in Birmingham on February 15, 1945, ``they  saw letters stacked to the ceiling of the temporary post office, some  letters had been in the offices for as long as two years.''   Army officials believed that undelivered mail was ``hurting morale.''   Early in the operation, a White general sent a White officer to  ``tell them how to do it right,'' but Major Adams responded, ``Sir,  over my dead body, sir!''   The battalion finished what was supposed to be a six-month task in  three months in May 1945.   The women of the 6888th worked in three different shifts, seven days  a week, processing and delivering mail--a morale booster--to the troops  in Europe.   The 6888th was a segregated unit, sleeping and eating in different  locations from the White, male soldiers.   European ``locals'' treated them better than other American soldiers  did, which was the experience of most Black troops who served during  WWI and WWII.   Once the backlog in Birmingham had been dealt with, the 6888th were  shipped across the Channel to Le Havre in May 1945 and were sent to  Rouen, where they dealt with another backlog of mail, with some letters  being three years old.   In February 1946, the unit returned to the United States where it was  disbanded at Fort Dix, New Jersey.   There was no public recognition for their service at the time.   On February 25, 2009, the battalion was honored at the Women in  Military Service for America Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery.   Alyce Dixon and Mary Raglan, two former unit members were honored by  President Barack Obama and first lady, Michelle Obama in 2009.   The extraordinary accomplishments of this unit are deserving of  official congressional recognition and the United States is eternally  grateful to the soldiers of the 6888th Central Postal Directory  Battalion during World War II, which saved lives, boosted morale and  made significant contributions to the defeat of the Axis powers.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members  to vote for S. 321, the ``Six Triple Eight'' Congressional Gold Medal  Act.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 854, the  ``Methamphetamine Response Act of 2021'' which designates  methamphetamine as an emerging drug threat (a new and growing trend in  the use of an illicit drug or class of drug).   It also directs the Office of National Drug Control Policy to  implement a methamphetamine response plan.   Methamphetamines are a highly addictive substance that can cause  considerable health adversities which can sometimes result in death.   Meth not only changes how the brain works, but also speeds up the  body's systems to dangerous, sometimes lethal, levels--increasing blood  pressure and heart and respiratory rates.   People who repeatedly use meth may also experience anxiety, paranoia,  aggression, hallucinations, and mood disturbances.   According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, the misuse of  methamphetamine remains an extremely serious problem in the United  States.   In some areas of the country, it poses an even greater threat than  opioids, and it is the drug that most contributes to violent crime.   According to data from the 2017 National Survey on Drug Use and  Health (NSDUH), over 14.7 million people (5.4 percent of the  population) have tried methamphetamine at least once.   NSDUH also reports that almost 1.6 million people used  methamphetamine in the year leading up to the survey, and it remains  one of the most commonly misused stimulant drugs in the world.   According to a report commissioned by the CDC in 2018, the age- adjusted rate of drug overdose deaths involving methamphetamine in the  United States more than tripled from 0.6 per 100,000 population in 2011  to 2.1 in 2016.   The rate increased on average by an astounding 29 percent per year.   Jane Carlisle Maxwell from the University of Texas found in 2021 that  methamphetamine still outnumbers other drugs in the four drug reporting  systems, and it continues to increase, a pattern consistent with that  seen in other states.   Over the years, the proportion of methamphetamine items seized has  changed.   In 2005, methamphetamine represented 21 percent of all items  identified by DEA laboratories; in 2019, methamphetamine comprised 50  percent of all the items examined.   Methamphetamine admissions to treatment programs increased from 3  percent of all admissions in 1995 to 11 percent in 2007, dropped to 8  percent in 2009, and then rose to 22 percent of admissions in 2020.   The race-ethnic composition has changed in terms of Hispanic  representation.  [[Page H1158]]    In 1995, 91 percent were White, 2 percent were Black, and 5 percent  were Hispanic. Of the 2020 admissions, 90 percent were White, 7 percent  were Black, and 18 percent were Hispanic.   Forty-one percent of the admissions were ages 26-35.   In 1994, 59 percent of the clients were male, as compared to 45  percent male in 2020.   Based on the results of Maxwell's previous research, females use  methamphetamine for energy, to lose weight, and to counter depression.   There is a significant need to consider gender issues in  methamphetamine treatment, which could certainly be taken into account  by the Office of National Drug Control Policy in its response plan.   Additionally, the Office of National Drug Control Policy should make  treatment for methamphetamine addictions the center of its response  plan.   The National Institute on Drug Abuse has found that the most  effective treatments for methamphetamine addiction at this point are  behavioral therapies, such as cognitive-behavioral and contingency  management interventions.   For example, the Matrix Model--a 16-week comprehensive behavioral  treatment approach that combines behavioral therapy, family education,  individual counseling, 12-step support, drug testing, and encouragement  for non-drug-related activities--has been shown to be effective in  reducing methamphetamine misuse.   Contingency management interventions, which provide tangible  incentives in exchange for engaging in treatment and maintaining  abstinence from methamphetamines, have also been shown to be effective.   Motivational Incentives for Enhancing Drug Abuse Recovery (MIEDAR),  an incentive-based method for promoting cocaine and methamphetamine  abstinence, has demonstrated efficacy among methamphetamine misusers  through NIDA's National Drug Abuse Clinical Trials Network.   It is, therefore, clear and obvious that treatment should be the  center of ONDC's response plan, not incarceration.   Incarcerating those addicted to drugs has clearly not worked  considering methamphetamine users continue to use throughout our  country despite the present criminal penalties.   This bill is of the utmost importance to me considering the major  threat methamphetamines pose in Houston.   The DEA via Operation Crystal Shield, an operation to ramp up  enforcement to block the further distribution of methamphetamines into  America's neighborhoods, has designated the city of Houston one of  eight major transportation hubs for methamphetamines.   The flow of methamphetamines in Houston is significant, with major  busts by authorities not being out of the ordinary.   Just two weeks ago, Click2Houston reported an umpire was arrested  after authorities say he was in possession of drugs while working  around children at a youth baseball tournament in the Houston area this  week.   When authorities arrived at the scene, deputies say they found 2.7  grams of crystal meth inside the umpire's vehicle.   Additionally, in May 2021, authorities seized 1,789 pounds of  methamphetamines in the north Houston area, as well as large quantities  of other narcotics.   According to authorities, the street value of the seizure was  approximately $3.4 million.   The city of Houston is under attack, and the belligerent parties are  drug traffickers and their henchmen.   They alone are ruining the lives of countless Americans, but this  bill creates a comprehensive response to ensure that no more lives are  lost.   It is for that reason, Mr Speaker, that I am urging my colleagues to  support the Methamphetamine Response Act of 2021.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1662,  Supporting the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health and the  Reagan-Udall Foundation for the Food and Drug Administration Act, to  increase funding for the Reagan-Udall Foundation for the Food and Drug  Administration and for the Foundation for the National Institutes of  Health.   The Reagan-Udall Foundation for the Food and Drug Administration is  an independent 501(c)(3) organization created by Congress ``to advance  the mission of the FDA to modernize medical, veterinary, food, food  ingredient, and cosmetic product development, accelerate innovation,  and enhance product safety.''   The Foundation embodies FDA's vision of collaborative innovation to  address regulatory science challenges of the 21st century and assist in  the creation of new, applied scientific knowledge, tools, standards,  and approaches the FDA needs to evaluate products more effectively,  predictably, and efficiently, and thereby enhance the FDA's ability to  protect and promote the health of the American public.   The Foundation serves as a crucial conduit between FDA and the  public, providing a means for FDA to interact directly with  stakeholders, including industry and consumers.   The Foundation for the National Institutes of Health (FNIH) has  created hundreds of cross-discipline consortia and partnerships whose  initiatives have generated new ideas, overcome obstacles and achieved  groundbreaking biomedical research results.   The FNIH has created an environment where trust and the exchange of  new ideas can thrive, resulting in scientific innovations.   The FNIH and its partners have successfully generated and implemented  new research models that are lowering the cost and accelerating the  progress of biomedical research nationwide and across the globe.   Article I, section 8 of the Constitution grants Members of Congress  the powers and the authority to ``promote Science and useful Arts.''   As Members of Congress, it is our duty to award funding to these  institutions, so they may continue their groundbreaking work in their  respective fields.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members  to vote for the S. 1662, Supporting the Foundation for the National  Institutes of Health and the Reagan-Udall Foundation for the Food and  Drug Administration Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding, and I thank, with deep appreciation, Congresswoman Bonnie  Watson Coleman.   I am delighted to be an original cosponsor, and I thank the Committee  on the Judiciary for really standing for these issues that are uniquely  engaged in the Constitution and equality and justice but that would get  no light of day had our chairman and our subcommittee chairpersons not  thought that it was valuable and important.   Mr. Speaker, let me say to my friends on the other side of the aisle,  I am very glad for their recitation of the civil rights laws. And they  are right: They are extremely important in protecting the civil rights  of those who have been infringed upon. But they are not perfect, and  they are not perfect as evidenced by the continuous, stark  discrimination regarding hairstyles, particularly with African-American  women and others.   Mr. Speaker, let me just say, I realize that this is a tough  business. But wear hairstyles such as what I wear and note the social  media calling you monkeys over and over again.   So, it is not just the fact that you wear a style that could be  called a crown; it is the advantage that others who want to racially  divide--do you know who they do it to? Our children.   It is evident that there is a need for the CROWN Act because it  prevents discrimination on the texture of hair or hairstyles commonly  associated with a particular race or national origin in areas of the  law where discrimination on the basis of race and national origin is  already prohibited, but it is not precise. This law is precise.   Black people are disproportionately burdened by policies and  practices in public places, including the workplace, that target,  profile, or single them out.   But others are engaged as well. The CROWN study found that Black  women's hair is more policed in the workplace, therefore contributing  to a climate of group control. But I have seen cases as a member of the  Committee on Homeland Security of Black women coming back from the  Caribbean and their hair being searched, or they are being targeted as  having something in that hair. That is insulting and offensive, and it  is not constitutional as it relates to equal justice under the law.   The findings also say that 80 percent of Black women believe that  they had to change their hairstyle. But, again, the young people who in  the midst of their competition in the State of Texas, boys, girls, were  required to, in an outrageous manner, cut their dreadlocks before they  could compete. How heartbreaking that is. How destroyed those children  were. And a young man had to go all the way to the Federal court  because he refused to cut his dreadlocks. Why should he?   Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful that the military saw the outrage  some years ago. In 2014, Secretary Hagel indicated a review of military  policy. The Marine Corps, in 2015, followed suit and issued a  regulation to permit loc-and-twist hairstyles.   So it is, in fact, very crucial to know that it is Native Americans;  it is men; it is women.    Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful to the chairman for  the time. I thank him so very much.   Again, this is an outstanding tennis player. This is a young man.  These are styles that are neat and certainly acceptable. This is a  Native American. Again, a Black woman.   And here is the ultimate insult in my State. This young man, before  he could compete, had to have his dreadlocks cut.   Mr. Speaker, the CROWN Act is imperative; it is needed; and I can  assure you, it will not impact any medical attention that you need  because the CROWN Act is about hair and hair does not impact your  medical needs.   Mr. Speaker, we need the CROWN Act.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the committee on the Judiciary,  Homeland Security, and on the Budget, and an original cosponsor of this  important legislation, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2116, the  ``Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair Act of 2021''  (``CROWN Act).   This necessary legislation explicitly prohibits discrimination on the  basis of hair texture or hairstyles commonly associated with a  particular race or national origin in areas of the law where  discrimination on the basis of race or national origin is already  prohibited.   It has long been my position that discrimination based on hair  texture and hairstyle is a form of impermissible race discrimination.   According to a 2019 report, known as the CROWN Study, which was  conducted by the JOY Collective (CROWN Act Coalition, Dove/Unilever,  National Urban League, Color of Change), Black people are  ``disproportionately burdened by policies and practices in public  places, including the workplace, that target, profile, or single them  out for their natural hair styles--referring to the texture of hair  that is not permed, dyed, relaxed, or chemically altered.   The CROWN Study found that Black women's hair is ``more policed in  the workplace, thereby contributing to a climate of group control in  the company culture and perceived professional barriers'' compared to  non-Black women.   The study also found that ``Black women are more likely to have  received formal grooming policies in the workplace, and to believe that  there is a dissonance from her hair and other race's hair'' and that  ``Black women's hairstyles were consistently rated lower or `less  ready' for job performance.''   Among the study's other findings are that 80 percent of Black women  believed that they had to change their hair from its natural state to  ``fit in at the office,'' that they were 83 percent more likely to be  judged harshly because of their looks.   The study indicated that Black women were 1.5 times more likely to be  sent home from the  [[Page H1164]]  workplace because of their hair, and that they were 3.4 times more  likely to be perceived as unprofessional compared to non-African- American women.   Eight years ago, the United States Army removed a grooming regulation  prohibiting women servicemembers from wearing their hair in dreadlocks,  a regulation that had a disproportionately adverse impact on Black  women.   This decision was the result of a 2014 order by then-Secretary of  Defense Chuck Hagel to review the military's policies regarding  hairstyles popular with African-American women after complaints from  members of Congress, myself included, that the policies unfairly  targeted black women.   In 2015, the Marine Corps followed suit and issued regulations to  permit lock and twist hairstyles.   The CROWN Study illustrates the prevalence of hair discrimination but  numerous stories across the country put names and faces to the people  behind those numbers.   In 2017, a Banana Republic employee was told by a manager that she  was violating the company's dress code because her box braids were too  ``urban'' and ``unkempt.''   A year later, in 2018, Andrew Johnson, a New Jersey high school  student, was forced by a white referee to either have his dreadlocks  cut or forfeit a wrestling match, leading him to have his hair cut in  public by an athletic trainer immediately before the match.   That same year, an 11-year-old Black girl in Louisiana was asked to  leave class at a private Roman Catholic school near New Orleans because  her braided hair extensions violated the school's policies.   The next year, two African-American men in Texas alleged being denied  employment by Six Flags because of their hairstyles--one had long  braids and the other had dreadlocks.   And earlier this year, there were news reports of a Texas student who  would not be allowed to walk at graduation because his dreadlocks were  too long.   The CROWN Act prohibits discrimination in federally funded programs  and activities based on an individual's hair texture or hairstyle if it  is commonly associated with a particular race or national origin,  including ``a hairstyle in which hair is tightly coiled or tightly  curled, locs, cornrows, twists, braids, Bantu knots, and Afros.''   The legislation also provides that the prohibition will be enforced  as if it was incorporated into Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of  1964, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or  national origin in federally-funded programs, and that violations of  Section 3(a) will be treated as if they were violations of Section 601  of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for the passage of H.R. 2116, the CROWN Act.    Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committee  on the Judiciary, Homeland Security, and on the Budget, and an original  cosponsor of this important legislation, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 2116, the ``Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair  Act of 2021'' (``CROWN Act).   This necessary legislation explicitly prohibits discrimination on the  basis of hair texture or hairstyles commonly associated with a  particular race or national origin in areas of the law where  discrimination on the basis of race or national origin is already  prohibited.   It has long been my position that discrimination based on hair  texture and hairstyle is a form of impermissible race discrimination.   According to a 2019 report, known as the CROWN Study, which was  conducted by the JOY Collective (CROWN Act Coalition, Dove/Unilever,  National Urban League, Color of Change), Black people are  ``disproportionately burdened by policies and practices in public  places, including the workplace, that target, profile, or single them  out for their natural hair styles--referring to the texture of hair  that is not permed, dyed, relaxed, or chemically altered.''   The CROWN Study found that Black women's hair is ``more policed in  the workplace, thereby contributing to a climate of group control in  the company culture and perceived professional barriers'' compared to  non-Black women.   The study also found that ``Black women are more likely to have  received formal grooming policies in the workplace, and to believe that  there is a dissonance from her hair and other  [[Page H1166]]  race's hair'' and that ``Black women's hairstyles were consistently  rated lower or `less ready' for job performance.''   Among the study's other findings are that 80 percent of Black women  believed that they had to change their hair from its natural state to  ``fit in at the office,'' that they were 83 percent more likely to be  judged harshly because of their looks.   The study indicated that Black women were 1.5 times more likely to be  sent home from the workplace because of their hair, and that they were  3.4 times more likely to be perceived as unprofessional compared to  non-African-American women.   Eight years ago, the United States Army removed a grooming regulation  prohibiting women servicemembers from wearing their hair in dreadlocks,  a regulation that had a disproportionately adverse impact on Black  women.   This decision was the result of a 2014 order by then-Secretary of  Defense Chuck Hagel to review the military's policies regarding  hairstyles popular with African-American women after complaints from  members of Congress, myself included, that the policies unfairly  targeted black women.   In 2015, the Marine Corps followed suit and issued regulations to  permit lock and twist hairstyles.   The CROWN Study illustrates the prevalence of hair discrimination but  numerous stories across the country put names and faces to the people  behind those numbers.   In 2017, a Banana Republic employee was told by a manager that she  was violating the company's dress code because her box braids were too  ``urban'' and ``unkempt.''   A year later, in 2018, Andrew Johnson, a New Jersey high school  student, was forced by a white referee to either have his dreadlocks  cut or forfeit a wrestling match, leading him to have his hair cut in  public by an athletic trainer immediately before the match.   That same year, an 11-year-old Black girl in Louisiana was asked to  leave class at a private Roman Catholic school near New Orleans because  her braided hair extensions violated the school's policies.   The next year, two African-American men in Texas alleged being denied  employment by Six Flags because of their hairstyles--one had long  braids and the other had dreadlocks.   And earlier this year, there were news reports of a Texas student who  would not be allowed to walk at graduation because his dreadlocks were  too long.   The CROWN Act prohibits discrimination in federally funded programs  and activities based on an individual's hair texture or hairstyle if it  is commonly associated with a particular race or national origin,  including ``a hairstyle in which hair is tightly coiled or tightly  curled, locs, cornrows, twists, braids, Bantu knots, and Afros.''   The legislation also provides that the prohibition will be enforced  as if it was incorporated into Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of  1964, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or  national origin in federally-funded programs, and that violations of  Section 3(a) will be treated as if they were violations of Section 601  of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for the passage of H.R. 2116, the CROWN Act.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 55, the Emmett Till  Antilynching Act, which amends title 18, section 249 of the United  States Code to make lynching a hate crime under Federal law punishable  by up to 30 years imprisonment.   But before I go any further, let me acknowledge Congressman   Bobby  Rush who has been steadfast in the years that I have known him pushing  day after day because Mamie Till and Emmett came from Chicago, from  Illinois, going down to Mississippi, as Black children typically did,  to see relatives in Mississippi, in Georgia, in Florida, in Texas, and  in Alabama. He went down in 1955.   I thank Congressman Rush for his leadership and persistence. We tried  to get this in the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act, but I think we  are where we want to be, a freestanding bill.   In 1989 a civil rights memorial was dedicated in Montgomery, Alabama,  the birthplace of the modern civil rights movement, one of the efforts  of Bryan Stevenson, to memorialize these individuals who were hanged.  It honors the lives and memories of 40 martyrs who were slain during  the movement from 1954 to 1968, including Emmett Till. We know that  many more people lost their lives to racial violence during that era.  As we were studying H.R. 40, the Reparations Commission, we determined  4,000--and most of those who were lynched were African Americans--the  killers of 13 of the 40 martyrs whose names were inscribed on the  memorial had not been prosecuted or convicted, and it is dedicated to  those martyrs.   In 10 of the 40 deaths, defendants were either acquitted by all-White  juries or served only token prison sentences. We also know there are  many cases that still cry out for justice that involve hanging in  particular of African Americans. These unsolved crimes represent a  continuing stain on our Nation's honor and mock its commitment to equal  justice under the law. The legislation before us is intended to help  remove that stain once and for all.   The 40 victims selected for inclusion in the civil rights memorial  fit at least one of three criteria: they were murdered because they  were active in the civil rights movement; they were killed by organized  hate crimes as acts of terror aimed at intimidating Black and civil  rights activists; and their death, like the death of Emmett Till,  helped to galvanize a movement by demonstrating the brutality faced by  African Americans in the South.   That young boy aged 13 was hanged. These individuals were hanged.  Several were White; 33 were Black. They were students, farmers,  ministers, truck drivers, a homemaker, and a Nobel laureate. But, Madam  Speaker, there are many, many other victims besides the 40 who were  remembered in the memorial. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports  through its research that approximately 75 other people died violently  between 1952 and 1968 under circumstances suggesting that they were  victims of racial violence. For most of them, the reason their names  were not added to the memorial is because they were not enough; because  the killings of African Americans were often covered up or not  seriously investigated. There is little to doubt that many slayings  were never recorded by authorities.   The crux of the matter is that lynching, even up to today, 2022, was  not a Federal crime, and the heinous and evil act of lynching another  human being was not a Federal crime that could be prosecuted. These are  the ways that we can address this question by a Federal antilynching  bill once and for all, making it a crime to lynch anyone in the United  States.   So let me thank Mamie Till for being a courageous and wonderful civil  rights activist driven by the heinous and horrible killing and hanging  of a 13-year-old boy.   This is both mother and son in a much nicer time, and this is a  mother who is expressing pain at the funeral of her child. And this, of  course, is a photograph of what a 13-year-old, handsome, little boy  looked like after he was beaten, lynched, dragged, and thrown in the  water. This has to stop.   Now with this legislation we will finally have an antilynching  legislation that makes illegal the idea of lynching.   Let me say that this idea of lynching is not an old act. 1981 was one  of the most recent acts of lynching a fellow human being. So it is  extremely important that we have this law that once and forever says  that if it is not in the Constitution in terms of the exact language,  it is tied to the Constitution, the 13th Amendment, which is the  prohibition of slavery, the 14th Amendment which is due process. And I  can assure our colleagues that we have not completed the thoughts of  both of those amendments without having H.R. 55 which helps to ensure  that justice is rendered and that lynching forever is stopped and that  we realize that it is both a devastating and deadly act. But it is the  ultimate indignity of taking another human being and hanging them like  a piece of whatever one would like to imagine, like meat in a meat  locker.   Let us stop that now. Let America stand as a place of human rights  and a place of dignity.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 55.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 55,  the ``Emmett Till Antilynching Act,'' which amends the Title 18,  Section 249 of the United States Code to make lynching a hate crime  under federal law punishable by up to 30 years imprisonment.   Madam Speaker, in 1989, the Civil Rights Memorial was dedicated in  Montgomery, Alabama, the birthplace of the modern Civil Rights  Movement.   The Memorial honors the lives and memories of 40 martyrs who were  slain during the movement from 1954 to 1968, including Emmett Till.   But we know that many more people lost their lives to racial violence  during that era.   In fact, at the time the Memorial was dedicated, the killers of 13 of  the 40 martyrs whose names are inscribed on the Memorial had not been  prosecuted or convicted.   In 10 of the 40 deaths, defendants were either acquitted by allwhite  juries or served only token prison sentences.   We also know there are many cases that still cry out for justice.   These unsolved crimes represent a continuing stain on our nation's  honor and mock its commitment to equal justice under law.   The legislation before us is intended to help us remove that stain  once and for all.   The 40 victims selected for inclusion in the Civil Rights Memorial  fit at least one of three criteria: (1) they were murdered because they  were active in the civil rights movement; (2) they were killed by  organized hate groups as acts of terror aimed at intimidating blacks  and civil rights activists; or, (3) their deaths, like the death of  Emmett Till, helped to galvanize the movement by demonstrating the  brutality faced by African Americans in the South.   The 40 persons who fit the selection criteria ranged in age from 11  to 66.   Seven were white, and 33 were black.   They were students, farmers, ministers, truck drivers, a homemaker  and a Nobel laureate.   But Madam Speaker, there are many, many other victims besides the 40  who are remembered on the Memorial.   The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that its research uncovered  approximately 75 other people who died violently between 1952 and 1968  under circumstances suggesting that they were victims of racial  violence.   For most of them the reason their names were not added to the  Memorial is because not enough was known about the details surrounding  their deaths.   Sadly, the reason so little is known about these cases is because  they were not fully investigated or, in some cases, law enforcement  officials were involved in the killings or subsequent cover-ups.   And because the killings of African Americans were often covered up  or not seriously investigated, there is little reason to doubt that  many slayings were never even recorded by the authorities.   The reason justice had not been served was the callous indifference,  and often the criminal collusion, of many white law enforcement  officials in the segregated South.   There simply was no justice for African Americans during the civil  rights era.   The whole criminal justice system--from the police to the  prosecutors, to the juries, and to the judges--was perverted by racial  bigotry.   African Americans were routinely beaten, bombed and shot with  impunity.   Sometimes, the killers picked their victims on a whim.   Sometimes, they targeted them for their activism.   In other cases, prominent white citizens were involved, and no  consequences flowed.   Herbert Lee of Liberty, Mississippi, for example, was shot in the  head by a state legislator in broad daylight in 1961.   It is, of course, fitting and proper that this legislation bears the  name of Emmett Till, whose slaying in 1955 and his mother's decision to  have an open casket at his funeral stirred the nation's conscience and  galvanized a generation of Americans to join the fight for equality.  [[Page H1169]]    Sadly, hundreds of them were killed in that struggle, and many of the  killers, like those of Emmett himself, were never successfully  prosecuted.   Madam Speaker, over the past half century, the United States has made  tremendous progress in overcoming the badges and vestiges of slavery.   But this progress has been purchased at great cost.   Examples of unsolved cases include the 1968 ``Orangeburg Massacre''  at South Carolina State University where state police shot and killed  three student protesters; the 1967 shooting death of Carrie Brumfield,  whose body was found on a rural Louisiana road; the 1957 murder of  Willie Joe Sanford, whose body was fished out of a creek in  Hawkinsville, Georgia; the 1946 killing of a black couple, including a  pregnant woman, who was pulled out of a car in Monroe, Georgia, and  dragged down a wagon trail before being shot in front of 200 people.   Solving cases like these is part of the great unfinished work I of  America.   Madam Speaker, 53 years ago, Medgar Evers was murdered in Jackson,  Mississippi; justice would not be done in his case for more than twenty  years.   But that day was foretold because the evening before the death of  Medgar Evers, on June 11, 1963, President John F. Kennedy addressed the  nation from the Oval Office on the state of race relations and civil  rights in America.   In his historic speech to the nation President Kennedy said:   ``We are confronted primarily with a moral issue. It is as old as the  scriptures and is as clear as the American Constitution.   ``One hundred years of delay have passed since President Lincoln  freed the slaves, yet their heirs, their grandsons, are not fully free.  They are not yet freed from the bonds of injustice. They are not yet  freed from social and economic oppression. And this Nation, for all its  hopes and all its boasts, will not be fully free until all its citizens  are free.''   H.R. 55 will help ensure that justice is received by victims of  lynching and in doing so, this legislation will help this Nation  fulfill its hopes and justify its boast that in America all persons  live in freedom.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge all  Members to join me in voting for its passage.   