 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my resolution  condemning the anti-Semitic terrorist attack in Colleyville earlier  this year. And I thank my colleagues from Florida and New York for  their kind words today.   On January 15, we witnessed a heinous attack, not only on our  community in north Texas, but on the entire Jewish community when a  terrorist entered the Congregation Beth Israel synagogue and took four  worshipers hostage.   It was disturbing to see such hate enter our peaceful community in  Colleyville and threaten the lives of the worshipers who had welcomed  this man with open arms. Many questions remain on how or why this act  of evil occurred, but let's appreciate our law enforcement for  ultimately protecting the lives of those in harm's way. Also, I thank  Rabbi Charlie Cytron-Walker for his courageous actions that led to the  safe escape of his fellow hostages in the Congregation Beth Israel  synagogue that day.   I am grateful so many of my colleagues joined in support of this  resolution condemning the terrorist attack and reaffirming our  commitment to combat hate, bigotry, anti-Semitism, and violence against  Jewish Americans. Specifically, I thank Representative Marc Veasey for  his kindness and work in securing many bipartisan supporters.   H. Res. 881 clearly establishes our unequivocal support for the  Colleyville community, the hostages, and all those affected by the  terrorist act. It also commends the Federal, State, and local law  enforcement and emergency responders who all pulled together for our  community that day.   This resolution will not only condemn this act of hate but bring  light to the anti-Semitism plaguing our country. As you have heard from  comments from my colleagues from New York and from Florida, Jewish  Americans make up a disproportionate percentage of the antireligious  crimes in America, and that must end. No American of any religion  should experience fear in a house of worship.   Thank you to all who joined me in this effort and made this the most  supported piece of legislation in the 117th Congress. We look forward  to seeing this pass on the House floor today, putting aside our  differences and uniting in the face of hatred.   