 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for my bipartisan  amendment, which will require the VA to notify transitioning  servicemembers of the services for which they are personally eligible.   Notification must include information about mental healthcare,  community care under the MISSION Act, and care related to military  sexual trauma.   Troubling reports have found that many transitioning veterans are not  aware of the health benefits available to them through the VA. A recent  Department of Defense Office of the Inspector General report found that  the DOD has failed to provide proper mental health screening and care  for transitioning veterans; in part, because so many veterans do not  understand what care is available to them.   The transition away from active service can be a tumultuous time  during which many new veterans face mental health issues. Left  unaddressed, these issues can be debilitating and deadly.   My father served as a psychiatrist in the Air Force during the  Vietnam era. He witnessed firsthand the need for proper and timely  mental healthcare among veterans. But mental health resources at the VA  can only be helpful to those who know of their existence.  [[Page H60]]    We owe a debt of gratitude to our veterans, and they deserve gold- standard and seamless access to the benefits that they have earned.   My amendment will help new veterans understand and access the care to  which they are entitled.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon, Congressman  Bowman, and Congresswoman Moore for joining me in offering this  amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his support.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Takano), the chairman of Veterans' Affairs Committee.    Madam Speaker, this amendment will help new veterans  understand the specific benefits that they have and that they have  earned through their service. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  my amendment, the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   