 Mr. Speaker, I rise today--as I have every day I have  served in this very Chamber--on behalf of my constituent, Paul Whelan,  who has been wrongfully detained in Russia since the end of December,  2018.   Throughout Mr. Whelan's detention, the Russian Government has  repeatedly violated his rights, denied him proper medical care, and  refused to provide any evidence to substantiate the charges against  him. He was held in pretrial detention for over 18 months in the  notorious Lefortovo Prison. Then Mr. Whelan's trial was held behind  closed doors, and his defense was prohibited from calling witnesses.  Mr. Whelan now serves a 16-year sentence of hard labor, and he is in  his fifties. He is currently being held in a prison camp where he has  been since August 2020, facing unbelievably harsh conditions, injury,  and illness.   Early this morning the news broke that fellow American, Trevor Reed,  a marine and Texan who had also been wrongfully imprisoned in Russia,  was freed through a prisoner swap orchestrated by President Biden. This  is incredible news.   While this is incredible news for Mr. Reed and his family, let us say  in this Chamber that Paul and his family deserve to experience the same  joy and relief. Paul has been imprisoned longer than any other detained  American in Russia. He has had years stolen from him, including  precious time with his aging parents and siblings. One by one, he has  lost his home in Novi, his job, his ability to communicate with  friends, his beloved dog, Flora, and so much more. I want to see my  constituent of Novi, Michigan, back home.   This innocent man has had his life and his livelihood stolen from him  by Vladimir Putin. Today, we have the opportunity as a Congress to  denounce Paul's wrongful imprisonment and stand up to the lawlessness  of the Putin regime. In the years since Paul's detention, we have seen  Mr. Putin further isolate himself on the world stage as his government  has dissolved into one of true lawlessness leading to threats and  violence. We have all borne witness to the tragic loss of life of  thousands of innocent Ukrainians and watched while a democratic nation  is being destroyed at the directive of this dangerous war criminal. We  must stand up from this Chamber.   I thank my colleagues who have joined us. I thank Mr. Keating, and I  certainly recognize the chairman, Mr. Meeks, and the ranking member,  Mr. McCaul, for their attention to this matter.   If Paul is watching this, he will know that I am praying for him, I  am rooting for him, and I will never stop fighting for him. Let's pass  H. Res. 336 immediately.   