 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, recent cyberattacks on the U.S. Government continue to  reveal weaknesses in our Federal information technology systems. One  such weakness resides in the software products Federal agencies  purchase from the private sector.   IT and software products, like most goods and services, now rely on  global supply chains for their development, and this means increased  vulnerabilities to threats from malicious and criminal actors, as well  as our foreign enemies, as my colleague, Mr. Connolly, just recognized.   Congress must ensure Federal agencies proactively address supply  chain security risks. The Supply Chain Security Training Act will  ensure the Federal workforce properly understands these supply chain  risks and the appropriate policies to implement to address the risks.   Specifically, the bill tasks the General Services Administration with  developing, and the Office of Management and Budget, OMB, with  implementing a governmentwide supply chain security training program.  This training will prepare the Federal workforce to better identify and  mitigate the security risks throughout the acquisition lifecycle of  information and communications technology products and services. For  instance, Federal agency personnel would be better able to recognize  and avoid purchasing software products with malware vulnerabilities.   This is smart legislation that builds on existing congressional  reforms. For instance, the bill requires coordination with the existing  Federal Acquisition Security Council, an interagency effort established  by Congress in 2018 to develop policies and procedures addressing  supply chain risks.   Despite these existing efforts, there are currently no Federal  workforce training requirements in place to ensure supply chain  security policies are properly and consistently implemented. The  national security stakes are too high to leave such a strategic gap in  our Federal defenses.   S. 2201 represents a practical policy reform to a very real threat. I  appreciate my colleagues Representatives Neguse and Franklin's  leadership on championing the House companion bill, H.R. 5962.   I look forward to seeing the Supply Chain Security Training Act pass  the House and advance to the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I also want to again recognize my colleagues,  Representatives Neguse and Franklin, who crafted the House companion  legislation, H.R. 5962.   I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Government is under constant attack. We watch  news story after news story of private companies being attacked by  hackers across the country and, quite frankly, across the world. But  our Federal agencies are also vulnerable.   Malicious hackers try to steal sensitive public information and  disrupt the missions of our Federal agencies. In fact, in 2020, there  were 11 Federal agencies that were hacked by actors aligned with  countries like China and--you guessed it--Russia. And all too often,  these malicious actors are successful.   My colleague, Representative Ro Khanna, and I recognized this reality  and crafted the House companion bill legislation to the Senate bill we  are considering today. That companion bill is H.R. 3599.   The Federal Rotational Cyber Workforce Program Act continues the  Trump administration's efforts as laid out in the ``America's  Cybersecurity Workforce'' executive order. This executive order  promoted cyber rotational details at the Department of Homeland  Security. Such programs help Federal cyber experts gain more diverse  professional experiences and continue to sharpen their skills.   Our Nation's cyber readiness depends on maintaining a skilled Federal  workforce to defend against constant attacks. Specifically, this bill  establishes an additional governmentwide rotational opportunity for  cyber-focused professionals.   The bill has necessary congressional oversight mechanisms, such as a  requirement for a detailed operational plan and a future Government  Accountability Office review. This will help Congress understand if the  program is running as intended. Additionally, a 5-year sunset will  provide Congress an opportunity to evaluate the program and decide  whether to renew it for future years.   I thank my House and Senate colleagues for their work on this  bipartisan bill, which builds upon the cyber workforce efforts of the  prior administration, and I encourage my colleagues to support S. 1097  and send this necessary bill to the President's desk.   To any teenager who loves to code out there today, I encourage all of  you to look at cybersecurity jobs and opportunities in your near future  because we will need you in our workforce.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, now more than ever, the cyber workforce of our  Federal agencies needs to be well equipped to address the constant  threats we face.   By expanding cyber rotation programs under this bill, we will help  Federal agencies gain valuable experience and share best practices  across the government.   I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6531 directs the Office of Management and Budget to  lead a government-wide effort to review the share of Federal funds  addressing poverty in a consistent manner across agency assistance  programs.   Specifically, this legislation will ensure that a more up-to-date and  consistent listing of the areas of persistent poverty in our Nation  will be used by agencies to determine funding allocations. This will  help struggling rural Americans getting greater access to the many  taxpayer-funded poverty assistance programs.   The Federal Government currently spends an enormous amount of  taxpayer funds on low-income populations. However, it is important that  funding be targeted especially to our most vulnerable counties  experiencing prolonged struggles with poverty.   This bill creates a consistent approach across competitively awarded  Federal grant and financial assistance programs.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Congressman Clyburn and  Congressman Hal Rogers, for their bipartisan efforts on this  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers).    Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 6531, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Houston native and Army Specialist Vanessa Guillen was  stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. In April 2020, she was reported missing  from her unit.   Tragically, her body was found 2 months later along the Leon River  near Fort Hood. It is believed Specialist Guillen was killed by a  fellow soldier at Fort Hood who had been harassing her and stalking  her.   Specialist Guillen's death spurred a national policy conversation  about the way in which sexual harassment claims have been handled by  the military.   I strongly support this postal-naming bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for giving a voice to  thousands of women who don't have one with this postal-naming bill  tonight. I support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Lawrence Walsh was born and raised in Joliet, Illinois,  where he later served as an Illinois State Senator from 1997 to 2005.  He also served his local community as the Will County executive, an  office he held from 2004 until his death in 2020.   Mr. Speaker, I support this postal-naming bill honoring an Illinois  community public servant, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, tonight, I am honored to speak about Private Jacob Cruz,  a marine killed in the World War II Pacific campaign.   Private Cruz fought bravely alongside other marines and soldiers who  were also killed in battle. However, until recently, many of these  American heroes were laid to rest abroad in unknown or lost graves.   In 2019, thanks in part to the Virginia nonprofit History Flight,  Private Cruz's remains were finally identified. Later in 2021, his  remains were finally returned to the United States and returned to his  family members. Private Cruz now lies in rest here in the United  States, the country he gave his life defending.   Today, we honor this American hero by renaming a U.S. Post Office in  his honor. I support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, our soldiers sacrifice so much for our Nation. Naming a  Post Office for those veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan is  the least we can do to honor them. When local residents visit this Post  Office in Schaumburg, Illinois, hopefully, they will be reminded of all  the sacrifices made by our servicemembers in support of American  freedom, democracy, and national security that we hold so dear here and  around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I support this postal-naming bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared  to close.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Rosa Parks is known as the ``Mother of the Civil Rights  Movement.''   Her brave resistance set in motion one of the largest social  movements in American history: the Montgomery Bus Boycott. After 381  days, the Montgomery Bus Boycott ended after the Supreme Court held  that any law requiring racially segregated seating on buses violated  the 14th Amendment.   Because of her brave actions, Mrs. Parks lost her job and faced death  threats the remainder of her life, but she never gave up the fight. She  moved with her family to Detroit in 1957, where she continued to  support the civil rights movement.   Mr. Speaker, I support this postal-naming bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Duncan), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill  honoring Easley, South Carolina native and American hero, Private First  Class Austin. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Duncan), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill  honoring Specialist Johnson, who was the first Vietnam war casualty  from Pickens County, South Carolina.   Welcome home, Specialist Johnson.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), the sponsor of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill  honoring one of the most decorated U.S. Army  [[Page H4790]]  soldiers in the history of our country, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), the sponsor of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of my colleagues on this  bill honoring Lance Corporal Tucker, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Christian Koch enlisted in the National Guard Infantry  in March of 2000. He graduated second in his basic training class with  honors. With such an excellent record, he was immediately awarded a  slot in Airborne School. He was quickly promoted and granted a spot in  Air Assault School, which was a unique honor.   In 2004, he was accepted into Warrant Officer School at Fort Rucker,  Alabama. Upon completion, he then attended and graduated flight school  in 2008. He was deployed to Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom, where  he flew supplies and personnel. Later, he was deployed to Afghanistan  as a medical evacuation pilot.   He passed away in January 2021 during a training mission, leaving  behind his wife and their four children.   Mr. Speaker, to honor his legacy, I strongly support this postal- naming bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   