 I don't have a hat on, so you can see me, can't you. I  thank you, Tim. What I will be mentioning to you is going to be a long  list of businesses and countries that have been affiliated with us. It  will show you how extensive, how intensive, how expansive, how  productive our groups are.   The work of the Congressional Study Groups is complemented by our  Diplomatic Advisory Council. Initially focused on European nations, the  Diplomatic Advisory Council is now comprised of dozens of ambassadors  from five continents who advise and participate in our programming.   Their interest and commitment to multilateral dialogue is a valued  addition to the Congressional Study Groups, and it provides a valuable  outreach beyond our four core study groups.   Members of the Diplomatic Advisory Council in 2022 include: the  Embassy of Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Canada, the European Union,  Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the  Republic of Korea, Liechtenstein, Monaco, the Netherlands, New Zealand,  Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Romania, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, and  the United Kingdom. Isn't that impressive. Incredible.   I also would like to thank those individuals, organizations, and  Business Advisory corporate members whose patronage makes the work of  the Congressional Study Groups possible. In particular, I would like to  recognize Dr. Satohiro Akimoto of the Sasakawa Peace Foundation USA,  Thomas Byrne of the Korea Society, Sung Won Bae of the Korea Foundation  USA, Bailey Childers of the German Marshall Fund of the United States,  Paige Cottingham-Streater of the Japan-U.S. Friendship Commission, and  Julia Friedlander of Atlantik-Brucke for their support as institutional  funders of the Congressional Study Groups in 2022. You can see the  support that we have received.   Companies who belong to the 2022 Business Advisory Council--and this  is a long list, folks--are: Aflac, Allianz, All Nippon Airways, BASF,  Bayer, B. Braun Medical, Beam Suntory, Central Japan Railway Company,  CJ America, Daimler, Deutsche Telekom, DHL, Fresenius SE, Hitachi,  Honda, Hyundai, Itochu, JTI, KITA, Lockheed Martin, Lufthansa German  Airlines, Marubeni America Corporation, Mitsubishi Corporation  (Americas), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries America, Mitsui, Mizuho, NEC,  Nissan, Nomura, Panasonic, POSCO, Representative of German Industry and  Trade, Samsung, Sojitz, Subaru, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Tellurian,  Toyota Motor North America, United Parcel Service, and Volkswagen Group  of America.   Wow. Isn't that a long list. But just know, all of them have been  very much involved with our Business Advisory Council, which says how  expansive we are and how we have connected.   Because of your financial support, our activities not only help to  build vital bilateral relationships between legislatures, but also  build bipartisan relationships within our own Congress. Mutual  understanding and shared experiences among legislators are crucial to  solving pressing problems, whether they are at home or abroad. I thank  you.   If I mispronounced one of those names, just know they are there for  us and we are very appreciative of the support that they have given us.  Thank you.   