 Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the colleague's  concern about the impact of inflation on our constituents, especially  those who are already living on the margins. If anything, this should  be a wake-up call to us how far too many Americans are living on the  margins.   But I will not digress further. This amendment, while well- intentioned, I am sure, is misplaced.   Without question, NSF funds important economic research. In fact,  they have funded nearly all recipients in the history of the Nobel  Prize in economics. So, surely, there are NSF-funded economists who  study some of these questions.   However, this amendment is highly flawed. If the intent is for NSF to  fund researchers through the traditional grant-making process, this  amendment circumvents NSF's gold standard merit-review process. In that  process, the researchers themselves propose the important questions,  which are then reviewed by their peers.   If the intent, on the other hand, is for NSF to commission the  National Academies or some other organization to carry out this study,  the focus is entirely inappropriate.   NSF, and sometimes Congress, do call on the National Academies, or  another respected organization, to carry out studies on particular  topics, but those studies are notable for some key criteria.   First, they are not carrying out original research or data analysis.  They are summarizing the current scientific understanding, as published  in the peer-reviewed literature.   And second, they are providing recommendations that guide NSF's own  decisionmaking in what research topics are highest priority to advance  to the frontiers of science, and the mechanisms to facilitate that  research.   This study meets neither of those essential criteria, not even close.  Perhaps the Bureau of Economic Analysis has some of these data already  and can brief the gentlewoman.   But this is simply inappropriate for the National Science Foundation,  and I must oppose this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   