 Mr. President, I rise at a challenging, divisive time for  our Nation. For years, America's politics have spiraled steadily  downward into increasingly bitter, tribal partisanship, and our  democracy has been strained.   While that may sound abstract, it is a problem that hurts Americans  in real, tangible ways. These deepening divisions hurt our ability to  work together, to create new job opportunities, to protect the health  and safety of our communities and country, and to ensure everyday  families get ahead. Americans across the country know this. They see it  every day, not only on social media and cable news but at their jobs  and around their dinner tables. We are divided.   It is more likely today that we look at other Americans who have  different views and see the other or even see them as enemies instead  of as fellow country men and women who share our core values. It is  more common today to demonize someone who thinks differently than us,  rather than to seek to understand their views.   Our politics reflect and exacerbate these divisions, making it more  and more difficult to find lasting, broadly supported solutions to  safeguard our freedoms, keep our country safe, and expand opportunity  for all our citizens.   So two questions face us as a nation: Where does this descending  spiral of division lead, and how can we stop it?   Our country's divisions have now fueled efforts in several States  that will make it more difficult for Americans to vote and undermine  faith that all Americans should have in our elections and our  democracy. These State laws have no place in a nation whose government  is formed by free, fair, and open elections.   We must also acknowledge a painful fact:   The State laws we seek to address are symptoms of a larger, more  deeply rooted problem facing our democracy--the divisions themselves,  which have hardened in recent years and have combined with rampant  disinformation to push too many Americans away from our basic  constitutional values.   In the spring of 2017, after Trump took office, I wrote an opinion  piece in the Arizona Republic highlighting my concerns about the  strains on our constitutional boundaries and the shrinking respect for  our founding constitutional principles. In the years that followed, my  colleagues and I in this body were called upon to participate in two  separate impeachment trials for crimes against our Constitution.   And on January 6, last year, I was standing in this very spot,  speaking in this very Chamber, defending Arizona's fair and valid  election against disinformation, when violent insurrectionists halted  the Presidential certification.   Threats to American democracy are real.   I share the concerns of civil right advocates and others I have heard  from in recent months about these State laws. I strongly support those  efforts to contest these laws in court and to invest significant  resources into these States to better organize and stop efforts to  restrict access at the ballot box.   And I strongly support and will continue to vote for legislative  responses to address these State laws--including the Freedom to Vote  Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act that the Senate is  currently considering.   I support these bills because they strengthen Americans' access to  the ballot box, and they better ensure that Americans' votes are  counted fairly. It is through elections that Americans make their  voices heard, select their representatives, and guide the future of our  country and our communities.   These bills help treat the symptoms of the disease, but they do not  fully address the disease itself. And while I continue to support these  bills, I will not support separate actions that worsen the underlying  disease of division infecting our country.   The debate over the Senate's 60-vote threshold shines a light on our  broader challenges. There is no need for me to restate my longstanding  support for the 60-vote threshold to pass legislation.   There is no need for me to restate its role: protecting our country  from wild reversals in Federal policy. It is a view I have held during  my years serving in both the U.S. House and the Senate, and it is the  view I continue to hold. It is the belief that I have shared many times  in public settings and in private settings.   Senators of both parties have offered ideas, including some that  would earn my support to make this body more productive, more  deliberative, more responsive to Americans' needs, and a place of  genuine debate about our country's pressing issues.   And while this week's harried discussions about Senate rules are but  a poor substitute for what I believe could have--and should have--been  a thoughtful public debate at any time over the past year, such a  discussion is still a worthy goal.   But a discussion of rules falls short of what is required. American  politics are cyclical, and the granting of power in Washington, DC, is  exchanged regularly by the voters from one party to another.   This shift of power back and forth means the Senate 60-vote threshold  has proved maddening to Members of both political parties in recent  years--viewed either as a weapon of obstruction or a safety net to save  the country from radical policies, depending on whether you serve in  the majority or the minority.   But what is the legislative filibuster other than a tool that  requires new Federal policy to be broadly supported by Senators  representing a broader cross section of Americans--a guardrail  inevitably viewed as an obstacle by whoever holds the Senate majority  but which, in reality, ensures that millions of Americans, represented  by the minority party, have a voice in the process?   Demands to eliminate this threshold--from whichever party holds the  fleeting majority--amount to a group of people separated on two sides  of a canyon, shouting that solution to their colleagues, and that makes  the rift both wider and deeper.   Consider this: In recent years, nearly every party-line response to  the problems we face in this body, every partisan action taken to  protect a cherished value has led us to more division, not less.   The impact is clear for all to see: the steady escalation of tit for  tat, in which each new majority weakens the guardrails of the Senate  and excludes input from the other party, furthering resentment and  anger amongst this body and our constituents at home.   Democrats' increased use of requiring cloture for traditional  nominees under President George W. Bush led to similar tactics by  Republicans under President Barack Obama. The 2013 decision by  Senate Democrats to eliminate the 60-vote threshold for most judicial  and Presidential nominations led directly to a response in 2017 by  Senate Republicans who eliminated the threshold for Supreme Court  nominees.    These shortsighted actions by both parties have led to our current  American judiciary and Supreme Court which, as I stand here today, is  considering questions regarding fundamental rights Americans have  enjoyed for decades.   Eliminating the 60-vote threshold--on a party line with the thinnest  of possible majorities--to pass these bills  [[Page S208]]  that I support will not guarantee that we prevent demagogues from  winning office.   Indeed, some who undermine the principles of democracy have already  been elected. Rather, eliminating the 60-vote threshold will simply  guarantee that we lose a critical tool that we need to safeguard our  democracy from threats in the years to come.   It is clear that the two parties' strategies are not working--not for  either side and especially not for the country.   I know it is comfortable for Members of each party, particularly  those who spent their career in party politics, to think that their  respective party alone can move the country forward. Party control  becomes a goal in and of itself, instead of prioritizing a healthy,  appropriate balance in which Americans' diverse views and shared values  are represented.   But when one party needs only to negotiate with itself, policy will  inextricably be pushed from the middle toward the extremes.   And I understand, there are some on both sides of the aisle that  prefer that outcome, but I do not. And I know that Arizonans do not  either. Our country's first President, George Washington, a leader  whose wisdom I borrowed at the conclusion of the 2020 impeachment  trial--he warned against political factions more than 200 years ago,  saying that extreme partisanship could lead to the ``ruins of public  liberty.''   ``I was no party man myself,'' Washington wrote, ``and the first wish  of my heart was, if parties did exist, to reconcile them.''   Today, we serve in an equally divided Senate, and today marks the  longest time in history that the Senate has been equally divided. The  House of Representatives is nearly equally divided as well.   Our mandate? It seems evident to me: work together and get stuff done  for America.   And the past years have shown when a party in control pushes party- line changes exceeding their electoral mandate, the bitterness within  our politics is exacerbated, tensions are raised within the country,  and traditionally nonpartisan issues are transformed into partisan  wedges.   We must address the disease itself--the disease of division--to  protect our democracy. And it cannot be achieved by one party alone. It  cannot be achieved solely by the Federal Government. The response  requires something greater and, yes, more difficult, than what the  Senate is discussing today.   We need robust, sustained strategies that put aside party labels and  focus on our democracy because these challenges are bigger than party  affiliation.   We must commit to a long-term approach as serious as the problems we  seek to solve--one that prioritizes listening and understanding, one  that embraces making progress on shared priorities and finding common  ground on issues where we hold differing and diverse views.   This work requires all Americans everywhere. Efforts to fix these  problems on a bare-majority party line will only succeed in  exacerbating the root causes that gave way to these State laws in the  first place, extending our dissent into a more fragmented America.   This work is our shared responsibility as Americans. I share the  disappointment of many that we have not found more support on the other  side of the aisle for legislative responses to State-level voting  restrictions. I wish that were not the case, just as I wish there had  been a more serious effort on the part of Democratic Party leaders to  sit down with the other party and genuinely discuss how to reforge  common ground on these issues.    My Republican colleagues have a duty to meet their shared  responsibility to protect access to voting and the integrity of our  electoral process.   We need a sustained, robust effort to defend American democracy, an  effort on the part of Democrats, Republicans, Independents, and all  Americans in communities across this country. So we ask, What must we  do to protect our democracy?   We should invest heavily in recruiting and supporting State and local  candidates for office--in both parties--who represent the values  enshrined in our Constitution.   We should ensure we have a judiciary that is less lopsided in its  political leanings and that we can all depend on to uphold the  Constitution.   We must confront and combat the rise of rampant disinformation and  ensure that all Americans have the tools to see fact from fiction. This  will be particularly difficult work since some in power have used  disinformation to manipulate our differences and pull Americans apart,  pressuring us to see our fellow Americans as enemies.   The dangers facing our democracy took years to metastasize, and they  will take years of sustained, focused effort to effectively reverse.  There are steps that we can take today to fix our politics and better  set the stage for repairing our democracy.   Many of you know I began my career as a social worker. And in our  social work training, our first necessary skill is the ability to  listen to others--listening not to argue or rebut but listening to  understand. I ran for the U.S. Senate rejecting partisanship, willing  to work with anyone to help Arizonans build better and more secure  lives.   And throughout my time serving Arizona, I have listened to Arizonans  expressing diverse views on inflation, economic competitiveness,  climate, and social priorities, and the role of the Federal government  itself.   I find myself grateful, time and time again, to learn from Arizonans  who share the same core values but differ in position on issues and  policies. Their similarities and their differences are surely  representative of the complexity of Americans nationwide.   So I find this question answers itself: Can two Americans of sharp  intellect and good faith reach different conclusions to the same  question? Yes. Yes, of course they can.   It is easy for elected officials to give speeches about what they  believe. It is harder to listen and acknowledge that there are a whole  lot of Americans with different ideas about what is important in our  country and how to solve those problems.   And yet it is important to recognize that disagreements are OK. They  are normal. And honest disagreements matched with a willingness to  listen and learn can help us forge sturdy and enduring solutions.   You know, Congress was designed to bring together Americans of  diverse views, representing different interests and, as a collective,  to find compromise and common ground to serve our country as a whole.   We face serious challenges, and meeting them must start with a  willingness to be honest, to listen to one another, to lower the  political temperature, and to seek lasting solutions.   Some have given up on the goal of easing our divisions and uniting  Americans; I have not.   I have worked hard to demonstrate in my public service the value of  working with unlikely allies to get results, helping others see our  common humanity and finding our common ground, and I remain stubbornly  optimistic because this is America. We have overcome every challenge we  have ever faced.   I am committed to doing my part to avoid toxic political rhetoric, to  build bridges, to forge common ground, and to achieve lasting results  for Arizona and this country. But we are in desperate need of more-- more people who are willing to listen, to seek understanding, to stitch  together the fabric of our country that has been ripping around the  edges; more people who are willing to put down the sticks sharpened for  battle and instead pick up their neighbors to learn why they are angry  or upset or left behind.   So I call on each of us as Americans: Let us be those people. We are  but one country. We have but one democracy. We can only survive, we can  only keep her, if we do so together.   