 Just briefly, Mr. President, I know I was not scheduled  to speak, but I do want to respond as one of the signatories of the  letter.   I associate myself with everything that the other signatories have  talked about in terms of wanting to restore the Senate's tradition of  extended debate on issues of grave importance to the American people.  But let me be clear about the reason that I now support an adjustment  to the longstanding rules of the Senate. It is because I never  imagined, when I signed that letter, that not a single Member of the  Republican Party would stand up for our democracy since January 6, when  we saw an acceleration of State laws that would allow partisans to  overturn the impartial count of an election.   We need to address the issues that so many of us have talked about  here. The people of New Hampshire, the people all across the country,  they need us to address pressing issues like lowering the cost of  prescription drugs or making it easy for families to afford childcare.   But if we do not have a functioning democracy where people know that,  when they vote, that vote will be impartially counted and upheld and  that people who are defeated will accept defeat so that they can have  an accountable elected representation in Washington, then there is no  democracy.   When I signed that letter, I never imagined that today's Republican  Party would fail to stand up for democracy.   I was raised by a veteran of the Battle of the Bulge. He would talk  to us at the breakfast table, and the question was, ``What are you  going to do for freedom today?'' It was a big question to ask  elementary schoolkids, to be sure, but he had a right to ask it, as  does every veteran who has fought for this country, including my  colleague Senator Cotton.   But the Republican Party and the Democratic Party must unite to stand  for freedom and to stand for an accountable democracy because, without  that, the rules of this body do not matter.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Illinois.   