 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his extraordinary leadership in bringing this very important  legislation to the floor. I commend the chairman, as well as Mr.   Mike  Thompson, the chair of our Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, and so  many others who have participated in so many elements of this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan Safer Communities  Act, a strong step forward to combat America's epidemic of gun violence  and to protect our precious children.   As lawmakers, we share a sacred responsibility to keep our kids safe  from harm. But according to new data from the CDC, guns are the number  one killer of children in America; more than car accidents or cancer.  Our hearts remain shattered by the rampage at Robb Elementary School in  Uvalde, as they do from the massacre at Sandy Hook, and countless other  communities across the Nation.   Indeed, we know these schools could have been in any one of our  districts--and have been in some, those families could have been any  one of our neighbors--and have been, and those children could have been  our own.   All of us who have met with survivors in the wake of the tragedies  have heard their message loud and clear. We must do something.   Today, in their honor, we heed their powerful cry, sending a major  gun violence prevention legislation to President Biden's desk for  signature. We send it to the President for his signature, with  gratitude for his leadership on this important issue. He was the author  of the Brady Law in 1994 and has been a champion ever since.   This legislation, the bipartisan Safer Communities Act, includes  several strong steps to save lives not only from horrific mass  shootings, but also from the daily massacre of gun crime, suicide, and  tragic accidents.   Included in this package are two major provisions which we have  championed here in the House:   First, this bill includes significant investments to help States  establish Extreme Risk Protection Order Laws, otherwise known as red  flag laws.   Thanks to the leadership of Representative Lucy McBath, who has been  our inspirational leader on this subject in our caucus and this  Congress, and Salud Carbajal, these provisions will keep deadly weapons  away from those who pose a threat to themselves and to others.   Secondly, this bill takes strong action to combat straw purchases, a  cause Congresswoman Robin Kelly spearheaded in our Chamber. Although we  hear about the notorious mass murders every day on our streets and in  our country, murders take place. Doing so will make it illegal to buy  guns on behalf of those who cannot legally purchase.   If I can pass the test, I buy the gun. And then I sell it to you  because you can't pass the test.   Straw purchase. Very dangerous. This bill addresses that. That is a  giant step.   This package also includes additional initiatives that will help  reduce the danger of gun violence across our country. We are moving  toward closing the boyfriend loophole: a victory to help protect  survivors of domestic violence and to stop known abusers from acquiring  a gun. This has long been a priority.   We are strengthening background checks for potential buyers under 21,  which would have applied to the 18-year-old gunman at Uvalde. And we  are making enormous investments in mental health programs, school  safety programs, and community-based violence prevention initiatives.   I mention all these, Mr. Speaker, because, of course, I have to say  that this  [[Page H5905]]  bill doesn't do everything we would like to do. We need to do more on  background checks. There is some other language that we would like to  do in terms of background checks not only on guns, but perhaps on high- capacity armament.   I say to my colleagues, as I frequently do--but it applies here now  more than ever: Let us not judge this legislation for what is not in it  but respect it for what it does. And what it does is save lives. And we  are very, very proud of that.   Again, I thank Chairman Nadler and Gun Violence Protection Task Force  chairman,   Mike Thompson, for their determined leadership in bringing  this legislation to the floor. This package represents the most  significant action to prevent gun violence in nearly three decades and  is a necessary step to honor our solemn duty as lawmakers to protect  and defend the American people.   Importantly, the bipartisan Safer Communities Act has earned strong  support from gun owners, gun survivors, and law enforcement alike.   Gun Owners for Responsible Ownership endorse our bill saying: ``We  write today as responsible gun owners; but above all else, we are proud  parents and grandparents of toddlers, students, and young teachers. We  want them to be safe.''   Everytown for Gun Safety wrote that this ``commonsense legislation  addresses every form of gun violence.''   And the Fraternal Order of Police and the International Association  of Chiefs of Police applauded our bipartisan agreement, calling it a  giant step forward and one that will save lives. I repeat: A giant step  forward and one that will save lives. The statements are from the  Fraternal Order of Police and the International Association of Chiefs  of Police.   Indeed, keeping our children safe is a unifying issue for our  country, and it must be a unifying issue in this Congress.   Yesterday, our Nation watched in horror as a radical partisan  supermajority of the Supreme Court ruled to flood America's streets  with even more deadly weapons.   It is unconscionable that as America reaches a fever pitch of gun  violence, the Court has chosen to create a new right to bring guns into  public spaces, while hindering the ability of States to stop the  bloodshed. In doing so, the GOP supermajority, Trump-McConnell Court,  is implicitly endorsing the tragedy of mass shootings and daily gun  deaths plaguing our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, with this bipartisan package, we take the first steps to  fight back on behalf of the American people who desperately want new  measures to keep communities safe in the high numbers in the polling.   Our Democratic House majority has again and again passed landmark  legislation that would combat the scourge of gun violence, and we will  never give up in our fight to save lives   Mr. Speaker, our fight to prevent gun violence is of, by, and for the  children.   Of the children, because they are suffering. It is heartbreaking that  in America more children die from guns than any other cause.   By the children, because they are leading. We see the children  marching in the streets, testifying before Congress, demanding action.   And always for the children, building a future where every child can  reach his or her fulfillment, free from the fear of gun violence.   To the Members who lack the courage to join in this work--to those  who lack the courage to join in this work--I say your political  survival is insignificant compared to the survival of our children.  Today, we will prevail for the children.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan ``aye'' vote for this  lifesaving legislation.   