 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Waters for moving this bill  and I thank Ranking Member Hill, as well, on behalf of the American  people.   The dedication of the World War II Memorial on our National Mall was  the culmination of a 17-year effort in Congress to construct the first  national memorial dedicated to the 16 million Americans who served in  the Armed Forces during World War II and the more than 400,000 who died  for liberty.   As the Representative who in 1987 introduced the original legislation  to construct the national memorial, I am thrilled to rise tonight in  support of H.R. 1057, the National World War II Memorial Greatest  Generation Commemorative Coin Act.   I also rise, respectfully, in memory of World War II Army combat  veteran Roger Durbin of Berkey, Ohio, who first suggested this  meritorious idea to me, as well as my own uncle Stanley Rogowski, who  fought in D-day and across France to free Paris and on to Brussels and  Belgium and Luxembourg, and Anthony Rogowski, his brother, who fought  in the Office of Strategic Services building the Burma Road in the very  difficult battles in Asia.   This bipartisan piece of legislation authorizes the U.S. Treasury to  mint coins in commemoration of the National World War II Memorial in  Washington, D.C. The coin will serve as an important symbol of the  spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the brave Americans who fought to  defend liberty, defeat tyranny, and establish institutions to safeguard  peace and freedom in the 20th and 21st centuries and beyond.   This legislation will ensure the memorial is properly maintained for  years to come and, importantly, that the historical, educational, and  commemorative programming is prepared to better inform the millions of  people who visit each year and allow collections to be shared  nationwide.   Since the memorial's inception in 2004, nearly 80 million people have  visited the site, making it one of the most popular sites in our  Nation. Approximately 240,000 World War II veterans are still living  with us today, including 9,000 Ohioans.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Sustaining the World War II Memorial for them and, importantly, to  better inform and enhance interpretation of the purposes for which the  war was fought will provide generations to come with a greater sense of  America's history, and of course this is near and dear to all of our  hearts.   Please let me thank our partners at the Friends of the World War II  Memorial, Holly Rotondi and Paul Marcone, and our staff assistant  Margaret McInnis for their wonderful service in helping us move this  bill forward to where it is today.   I also thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Kinzinger) and the 300  House Members who sponsored this bipartisan bill as well as our Senate  counterparts, Senators Mike Rounds and Jeanne Shaheen, for their  bipartisan support. It is nice to do things on a bipartisan basis.   Let me finally express gratitude to the marvelous, talented, and  caring Chairwoman Maxine Waters for moving this bill along with so  many, many others and for her dutiful service to the Nation, and her  colleagues, Ranking Member Patrick McHenry as well as Congressman  French Hill for their very generous support. I urge my colleagues to  vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1057.   