 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  2116, the Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair Act,  commonly known as the CROWN Act. I am honored to co-lead this bill with  Rep. Watson Coleman, Rep. Pressley, Rep. Omar and Rep. Moore, which  will take direct aim at prohibiting race-based hair discrimination for  African Americans and people of African descent.   Hair discrimination creates illogical barriers to advancement in the  workplace or equal treatment in schools for people of African descent.  For example, our sons and daughters are penalized in school for natural  hair styles deemed as ``messy'' and ``unruly.'' We've seen students  humiliated and unfairly disciplined because their braided hair  extensions or locs have been judged as a violation of the dress code.  In the workplace, a study found that women with curly afros, braids or  twists, are often perceived as ``less professional'' than Black women  with straightened hair. These perceptions have real impacts on their  ability to be promoted or get raises.   I have been fighting to end this discriminatory practice for years.  In 2014, the women of the Congressional Black Caucus urged the Army to  rescind Army regulation 670-1, which prohibited many hairstyles worn by  African American women and other women of color and I led an amendment  included in the FY15 Defense Appropriations Bill to ban funding for  this discriminatory rule. Due to our advocacy, a few years later the  U.S. Navy removed their discriminatory policy allowing women,  particularly women of color, to wear their hair in dreadlocks, large  buns, braids, and ponytails.   This laid the groundwork for California to become the first state to  ban discrimination against African Americans for wearing natural  hairstyles at school or in the workplace with the passage of The  Creating a Respectful and Open Workplace for Natural hair (CROWN) Act.  We should be able to show up as our whole selves--and passing the CROWN  Act is a major step in that direction.   We owe it to our children to take action here in Congress to break  down these barriers, and make sure that they are able to build the  future they deserve. I urge my colleagues to vote yes.   