 Madam President, I rise today to urge the Senate to take  action to protect abortion rights and defend our constitutional rights.   A far-right, extremist Supreme Court wants to force their views on  every American. Roe v. Wade has protected the right to a safe, legal  abortion for nearly 50 years. Though Republicans have tried to  challenge it in court many times, the Supreme Court has reaffirmed Roe  over and over and over again--until now.   So what changed? Why is something that is repeatedly referred to as  ``settled law'' on the threshold of being swept away like so much dust?  Why is a law that literally tens of millions of people have depended on  to protect access to a safe, legal abortion suddenly about to  evaporate?   We don't arrive here accidentally. We are here because Republican  politicians have spent decades plotting for this moment. They have  cultivated extremist judges. Groups like the Federalist Society have  screened possible candidates and drawn up lists of which possible  candidates could and could not be counted on. Extremist donors spent  billions in dark money so that their preferred ideologues could chip  away at people's fundamental rights and do it from the Bench.  Republican candidates for office pledged to support Justices who would  get rid of Roe v. Wade. And, finally, when all of that still wasn't  enough, Republicans stole two seats on the Supreme Court, all to force  their unpopular minority agenda on the rest of America.    I am here to sound a warning. Republican extremism has been carefully  nurtured for years. Now Republican extremism is spreading, and now it  is obvious that Republican extremism knows no bounds.   Let's talk about the facts--the facts of Republican extremism--and  let's begin with who pays the price for Republican extremism. Changes  in abortion laws will have terrible consequences, but those  consequences will not fall equally on everyone. No, those with money  will always have the option to leave the State or leave the country to  travel where abortion is safe and legal. No, the people who will pay  the biggest price will be the most vulnerable among us--the mama  already working two jobs to help make ends meet to support the children  she has; the women working jobs who have no paid leave and who can't  take 3 days off work to go to another State; the women in South Dakota  scrambling to make an appointment at the only abortion clinic in the  entire State; the 12-year-old who has been molested; the person who has  been raped; the women in Texas who need lifesaving care their doctors  can't provide; and the women all across the country, especially women  of color, already facing shamefully high maternal mortality rates-- because in America, carrying a pregnancy to term is 43 times riskier  than a legal abortion.   These are the facts about overturning Roe v. Wade, and these are the  people--disproportionately low-income women, women of color, and women  in rural communities--who will pay the price for Republican extremism.   Overturning Roe is just the beginning. Republican State legislatures  all across the country have already been emboldened by this Supreme  Court, introducing hundreds of anti-abortion bills this year alone.  States are now introducing bills to declare it a crime for someone to  obtain an abortion, for someone to provide an abortion, or for someone  just to help someone locate where they might get an abortion.   And where will the Republican extremists turn next? Will they  investigate every miscarriage? Will they put every obstetrician and  gynecologist on the watch list? Will they monitor location data for  every person who pulls into the parking lot of a Planned Parenthood  clinic?   Let's be absolutely clear about what will happen if this decision  stands. Republicans want to do more than criminalize abortion; they  want to criminalize women for making decisions about their pregnancies  and their own health. This isn't theoretical. It is already coming to  pass.   In Texas, where abortion has been virtually inaccessible to millions  of Texans for the last 8 months, a young woman has been charged with  murder for an alleged self-induced abortion.   An Oklahoma law has passed that would outlaw abortion even in the  case of rape or incest. But what Republicans are really after is  criminalizing women's very bodies.   In Louisiana, Republicans are pushing for the most extreme bill yet,  legislation that would classify abortion as a homicide. If enacted,  this bill could criminalize women for using certain forms of birth  control or even for having a miscarriage that she had no control over.   And we know who will be the most affected by the overcriminalization  of women's bodies. It will be women of color who are already  overpoliced and face the greatest barriers to accessing healthcare.   The intrusiveness of these State laws is vile. Efforts to give  fertilized eggs ``personhood'' rights and to criminalize abortion could  make IVF procedures criminal, depriving someone who wants to get  pregnant the only option available to her.   As some States get more and more aggressive about intruding into the  private lives of millions of women, just this weekend, the Republican  leader, Mitch McConnell, signaled he is open to even more extremism. He  said that a nationwide abortion ban was ``possible'' if Republicans  retake the majority--a nationwide abortion ban applicable in every  State, including those States that are currently working overtime to  protect access to abortion; a nationwide abortion ban applicable to  girls who have been molested and to people who have been raped and to  women who are already working three jobs to support the women they  have. Republican extremism is spreading. Republican extremism knows no  bounds.   For me, this isn't about politics; this is personal. I have lived in  a world where abortion was illegal. I learned early on that when the  law bans abortions, only safe and legal abortions will actually be  banned. I lived in a world in which women bled to death from back-ally  abortions, a world in which infections and other complications  destroyed women's futures, a world in which women's educations and  lives were derailed by an unplanned pregnancy, a world in which some  women took their own lives rather than continuing with a pregnancy they  could not bear.   I have also lived in a world where abortion is legal. For decades,  expanded access to abortion has allowed people to make decisions about  their own bodies and lives, promoting access to life-changing  opportunities and careers that have previously seemed out of reach. But  the Republican extremists and the extremist Justices they have put on  the Supreme Court just don't care. They want to send us back to the  days when women's rights to control their own bodies and their own  futures simply did not exist.  [[Page S2396]]    American freedoms are under attack. The liberty of more than half our  population is under attack. Republicans have planned long and hard for  this day, and now that it is here, we must stand and fight.   Tomorrow, the Senate will vote on the Women's Health Protection Act  to enshrine the right to an abortion in Federal law. We need the  Women's Health Protection Act to prevent radical rightwing State  legislatures from ever enacting extreme bills like Texas's SB 8 or  Mississippi's 15-week ban. With WHPA, we will take the steps necessary  to protect our human rights. It is just that simple.    And for everyone who says we don't have the votes in the Senate to  get this done, I say, then get in the fight and give us the Senators  who will get it done. Don't tell us what we can't do to stop Republican  extremism; get in the fight to help us beat these abortion restrictions  into the dirt. Get in the fight to recognize the dignity and liberty of  every American.   After this vote, there will be no ambiguity. Every American will know  exactly where their elected representatives in Congress stand, and  every Senator will have to explain whether they defend the right of  every person to have control over their own bodies and their own  futures or whether they will stand by as women's constitutional rights  are brazenly stripped away.   Whenever this Court strikes down freedoms and rights guaranteed by  the Constitution, Congress must defend Americans every single time. I  am angry that a group of unelected ideologues on the Supreme Court  think that they can turn current law upside down and dictate to tens of  millions of people across this country the terms of their pregnancies  and their lives.   But the Supreme Court does not get the last word on the right to a  safe and legal abortion. The American people, through their leaders  right here in Congress, can take action. And that is why I will vote to  support the Women's Health Protection Act. That is why I will fiercely  oppose any threat to our liberty. And that is why I will continue to  fight with every bone in my body to protect the right of every woman to  control her own future.   Republican extremism is spreading. Republican extremism knows no  bounds. Tomorrow, we have a chance to fight back, and we will fight  back.   I have lived in a world where abortion is illegal, and we are not  going back--never.   I yield the floor.   