 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Rhode  Island, Senator Whitehouse, for his long and strong advocacy for  cleaning up the scourge of dark money in our country.   Our country was built on the founding principles of democracy, where  every person has a say--a democracy where the American people can make  their voices heard in free and fair elections and we the people can  decide the direction of our country. But in 2010, the Roberts Court, in  an obvious act of judicial activism, struck down corporate campaign  contribution restrictions found in the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act.  Suddenly, the Supreme Court said that corporations are people who have  First Amendment constitutional rights to make campaign contributions.   This decision opened the floodgates to billions of dollars of dark  money to influence our elections, our Courts, and our thinking on  issues from gun safety to abortion.   When the Supreme Court held that political speech by a corporation is  protected by the First Amendment, it left for Congress just the narrow  authority to take action to require disclosure of donor names.   After knocked-down, dragged-out negotiations in the U.S. House in  2010--I was there--the House passed a disclosure bill, only to see it  fail in the Senate very narrowly without the support of a single  Republican.  [[Page S4948]]    Back then, we had the chance to require political spending  disclosures so that the American people could see who was contributing  millions to influence election outcomes.   So here we are, more than a decade later, and now it is not millions  but billions of dollars flowing undisclosed into races across the  country. Our country is awash in undisclosed money that is subverting  the will of the American people.   When 85 percent of the American people support reproductive freedom,  65 percent of the American people support gun safety, and 63 percent of  the American people support protecting the right to vote and Senate  Republicans are preventing us from even having a legislative debate on  the floor on these issues, what does that tell you? It tells you that  too many elected officials are no longer answering to the people but,  instead, to the secret donors and corporations who are funding their  campaigns.   But it is not just elected officials that have been influenced. Mega- corporations and the ultrawealthy have spent millions to stack our  courts. One dark money group already spent more than $30 million in  total on the nominations of Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh, and Amy  Coney Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court, where they sit, in my view,  busily overturning precedents such as Roe v. Wade.   For the sake of our democracy, we need to get rid of the anonymous  spending influencing our elections and our courts. That is a goal that  everyone should be able to get behind regardless of whether you are a  Democrat or a Republican. In fact, many of my Republican colleagues  agree. The senior Senator from Iowa said dark money is ``attacking the  independence of the judiciary.'' Another said dark money is ``sowing  public distrust in the legitimacy of the Supreme Court.''   There is bipartisan agreement to limit dark money, but, sadly, we  know Republicans too often say one thing and then do another because  not a single one of them so far has voiced support for even considering  the DISCLOSE Act, which we will be voting to advance today, a bill that  would increase transparency and accountability in political spending, a  bill that would do the very thing that some leading Republicans have  called for.   When given the chance, I hope my Republican colleagues will step up  for the American people and not their special interest donors. We shall  see.   We cannot accept a country where billionaires and corporations can  secretly buy our elections, choose our leaders, and determine the fate  of our country.   I yield the floor.   