 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3103, the  ``Eliminating Limits to Justice for Child Sex Abuse Victims Act of  2022,'' bipartisan legislation that would eliminate the statute of  limitations for victims of federal child sexual abuse offenses to file  civil claims against their abusers in federal court.   This legislation would allow survivors of more than a dozen federal  child sex abuse offenses to have their day in court no matter the time  it takes them to disclose their abuse.   Oftentimes victims of offenses, such as aggravated sexual abuse, sex  trafficking, human trafficking, sexual exploitation, and child  pornography require years of treatment to process and disclose their  victimization.   This is particularly true for young victims of these despicable  crimes, who continue to process trauma inflicted upon them well into  adulthood--only to be barred by statutes of limitations that prevent  them from holding their abusers accountable when they are able to name  them.   We have come to understand the effects of fear, depression, and shame  that result from the trauma of sexual abuse, and the power dynamics  between child victims and adult abusers, that explain why victims may  not immediately report abuse--or delay disclosure for decades.   Although we extended the statute of limitations in 2018 for federal  civil child sex abuse claims for damages until the victim reaches age  28 or until 10 years after discovery of the offense, that extension  does not reflect current findings on the delayed disclosure of child  sex abuse.   A study by the Institute on Domestic Violence & Sexual Assault  (IDVSA) at The University of Texas found that, in my home state of  Texas, there are almost 79,000 minors and youth victims of sex  trafficking, while data from CHILD USA suggests that almost 90 percent  of child sexual abuse goes unreported.   Countless examples of delayed disclosure--by adults victimized as  children--fill the headlines of newspapers, televised news reports, and  social media posts from every corner of the country.   One study of more than 1,000 survivors found that the average age of  survivors at the time of disclosure was roughly 52 years old.   Historically, statutes of limitations have silenced victims and  favored their abusers--allowing them to escape accountability.   However, since 2002, 49 states and 2 territories have amended their  laws to extend, eliminate, or revive civil statutes of limitations for  child sexual abuse.   Congress must take note of the available research, data, and trends  before us, making certain that federal law does not deny survivors the  ability to have their day in court or force victims into court before  they are psychologically ready to do so, causing further victimization  and trauma.   Instead, we are duty bound to ensure survivors of child sexual abuse,  exploitation, and trafficking can seek justice against their abusers  regardless of the timing and, through successful litigation, have the  means to access life-sustaining treatment and other services necessary  to make them whole.   Justice should never be denied to any person in this country,  especially victims who have been robbed of their innocence and  childhoods.   S. 3103 is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that will provide a pathway  to justice and healing for many victims and survivors while holding  abusers accountable for the harms they  [[Page H7749]]  cause. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4785,  bipartisan legislation that would extend the authorization of the  $5,000 special assessment for the Domestic Trafficking Victims' Fund.   Human trafficking is one of the greatest ongoing threats to human  rights in the world--and in this country.   An estimated 25 percent of human trafficking victims are reportedly  in my home state of Texas, with Houston being one of the largest hubs  for human trafficking in the country. And although some populations are  at greater risk of victimization than others, human trafficking spans  all races, ages, genders, and every socioeconomic status.   In 2020, the National Human Trafficking Hotline identified more than  16,000 victims of human trafficking, who likely represent only a  fraction of the actual problem.   In that same year, the National Center for Missing and Exploited  Children received more than 21.7 million reports, most of which were  related to child sexual abuse material, online  [[Page H7750]]  enticement, child sex trafficking, and child sexual molestation.   Victims who have been exploited or abused sexually or trafficked,  whether for labor or sex, require and deserve victim-focused,  culturally informed responses from well-trained providers and law  enforcement, that direct them towards emergency and long-term services  critical to sustaining them as they heal.   Funding and grants--from the Domestic Trafficking Victims' Fund to  develop, expand, strengthen, and provide these victim services and  programming--derive from the mandatory special assessment, which is  imposed on perpetrators convicted of human trafficking, sexual abuse  and exploitation, and child pornography.   Because it is our duty not only to ensure victims and survivors of  these ghastly crimes are not re-victimized but also to provide them  with services that help them successfully re-integrate into society, we  must extend the authorization of the $5,000 special assessment.   I support S. 4875 and encourage my colleagues to do the same.   We must also continue to shape legislation to improve upon the U.S.  antitrafficking response--as well as other legislation and programming  aimed at preventing sexual exploitation and sexual abuse and protecting  victims and survivors--particularly our children and youth.   That is why I introduced H.R. 7566, the Stop Human Trafficking in  School Zones Act, to ensure schools are safe havens for students.   It is my hope that my bill, which was ordered to be reported  favorably by voice vote, will be brought to the floor for consideration  soon.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5774, the  ``Expediting Disaster Recovery Act of 2022'' which promotes swift  strategic implementation of resources by the president following  natural disasters.   After the declaration of a major disaster, the Expediting Disaster  Recovery Act of 2022 authorizes the President to direct the Federal  Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to provide assistance for unmet  needs of those impacted by the disaster.   The President may also provide financial or direct assistance to  individuals or households to construct permanent or semi-permanent  housing in areas outside the continental United States if the President  deems it a more cost-effective solution.   According to the National Center for Environmental Information, the  U.S. spent approximately $152 Billion just last year from various  environmental events such as the Deep Freeze in Texas and Hurricanes  across the Gulf Coast.   One of the most critical and unprecedented natural disaster  emergencies was the Deep Freeze in Texas, resulting in a number of  unforeseen complications for Texas residents.   Millions of households lost power during the Deep Freeze, disrupting  their heating, food and water supplies, and communication systems.   Based on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission report for the Deep  Freeze, estimated costs for damages in Texas reached a staggering $80  Billion, with $35 Billion alone due to physical damages, of which  insurance only covered $20 Billion.   Texas residents will need to pay for a large portion of the damages,  putting their own lives on hold until they are financially stabilized.  Meanwhile, families who are unable to meet the expenses out of pocket  are stuck in bleak living conditions.   Alongside the unprecedented winter storms in Texas, were the  devastating effects of Hurricane Ida, which ravaged many coastal cities  and counties. The National Center for Environmental Information  estimated that there were $75 Billion in damage costs.   Unfortunately, most home insurance policies do not cover flood  damages, including damages caused by Hurricane Ida, This means that  individuals would have needed to purchase separate policies dedicated  for flood damages on top of the already rising home insurance prices.   Recent flood disasters, such as those in Kentucky, have once again  highlighted the dangers of inadequate planning and the overall expenses  incurred by its residents.   Outdated federal flood zone maps underestimate the occurrence of  floods within certain communities. Therefore, insurance companies,  which base their policies on federal flood zone maps, end up paying for  a small portion of damages to households.   For residents of some of the poorest counties in the U.S., this means  they will be forced to pay mostly out of pocket for all damage  expenses, further hindering their chances of recovery from future  disasters.   H.R. 5774 can help families with unmet needs, easing financial  burdens by distributing funds for the purpose of rebuilding homes and  communities. This can provide these families the opportunity to  dedicate their finances towards health concerns, exploring education,  and other basic living expenses.   Millions of families suffer from natural disaster events without the  ability to recover effectively. With the help of the Expediting  Disaster Recovery Act of 2022, families with unmet needs will be able  to recover more fully and more rapidly, allowing them to reinvest  themselves in their communities and return to their normal lifestyles.   The Expediting Disaster Recovery Act of 2022 sets forth the  requirements for the President to establish swift and effective  financial and technical assistance to aid in the recovery of families  who may be unable to cover financial costs for repair and rebuilding.   I urge my colleagues to support this very helpful legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2293, the  ``Civilian Reservist Emergency Workforce Act of 2021'' or ``CREW Act.''   This bill would amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and  Emergency Assistance Act to provide certain employment rights to  Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) reservists.   FEMA reservists are temporary, on-call, and intermittent employees  who are crucial to the agency's mission to swiftly respond to  disasters--but, they currently do not have employment protections.   The bill makes employment protections under the Uniformed Services  and Reemployment Rights Act (USRRA) applicable to FEMA reservists who  deploy to major disaster and emergency sites.   It allows reservists to claim such rights under USERRA even if they  do not provide notice of their absence from work due to deployment.   The bill ensures that reservists will be able to return to their  full-time jobs once their disaster response mission is complete.   These FEMA workers were essential during the Texas Freeze of 2021,  the historic natural disaster Hurricane Harvey, and the initial  outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic.   We need to protect intermittent FEMA employees' rights to return to  their full-time jobs after performing life-changing and life-saving  work in our communities.   Currently, FEMA faces a large shortfall of reservists because it is  difficult to recruit and retain Americans who can balance reservist  duties and full-time employment.   With this bill's protections for employees, FEMA's ability to recruit  and retain employees would be enhanced. With more FEMA employees, we  can combat disasters and crises quicker.   Our Nation must never again be so ill-prepared to weather a disaster  like Hurricane Harvey or a crisis like COVID-l9.   