 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone for his work and that  of his committee. I thank Representative Carter, and I especially thank  Representative Armstrong for working alongside me on the SECURE  Notarization Act, H.R. 3962.   The SECURE Notarization Act will authorize nationwide use of remote  online notarization, also known as RON, and would include key consumer  protections, including multifactor authentication of the signer and the  use of tamper-evident technology. The bill would also ensure the  certainty of interstate recognition of RON.   Importantly, this bill sets a floor for the use of remote online  notarization, and States will be able to regulate further protections  as they decide.   The COVID-19 pandemic has taught us so much about the necessity and  the benefits of new technologies used to streamline services for  consumers across industries. Remote online notarization has been and  should continue to be a time-saving, convenient, and safe way for  consumers to execute important documents.   Notarizations are used extensively in real estate transactions and in  other key areas, including affidavits, powers of attorney, living  wills, advance directives, and more.   Remote online notarizations allow the consumer, notary, and other  parties to a transaction to be in different locations using two-way  audio-visual communication to securely notarize documents. This process  provides assured consumer access to notarization and affords customers  options and flexible scheduling.   This is key: Remote online notarization allows flexibility for people  who are chronically ill or immobile, for parents who can't get away  from work or are taking care of their children, for servicemembers  abroad seeking to buy a home or correct wills.   I know well the impact this bill could have for notary publics across  the country. When I served as a State representative in Pennsylvania,  most members of our team were notaries, and our office served as a  notary hub for the local community. I know many people struggled making  appointments, often because of a lack of transportation or because they  were ill and physically unable to move. Remote online notarization  would have allowed us to streamline our performance and better serve  our community.   This legislation will help streamline notary processes into the  digital and electronic consumer-facing ecosystem, ensuring as people  become more reliant on digital spaces, platforms, and services, they  still have access to services as important as our notary system.   This bill is supported by more than 120 of our colleagues. It passed  out of the Energy and Commerce Committee by 56-0. It is supported by a  coalition of 20 industry partners. Simply stated, it is commonsense and  convenient legislation that is completely secure.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member McMorris  Rodgers, as well as Representative Carter, for their support of this  bill, moving it swiftly through the Energy and Commerce Committee to  the House floor. I also thank Congressmen Perlmutter and Reschenthaler  for being strong allies and supporters of this bill as we work to forge  a path.   Finally, I thank the co-lead of this legislation, Congressman Kelly  Armstrong. I see Mr. Armstrong here. I am delighted to have worked with  him. I thank him for all of his work and the work of his staff in  helping us make this strong piece of bipartisan legislation. We took  this bill on the road and gathered a tremendous amount of support and  had fun along the way.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters and Representative  Wagner for their support for this important legislation.   I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 7981, the Public and Federally  Assisted Housing Fire Safety Act.   This bipartisan legislation, which passed by a unanimous voice vote  out of the Financial Services Committee last month, would help protect  the more than 10 million Americans who live in public or federally  assisted housing, to protect them from the risk of fire, by requiring  the installation of hardwired or tamper-resistant smoke alarms in  federally assisted housing.   My colleagues from Southeastern Pennsylvania, Representatives Dwight  Evans, Brendan Boyle, Brian Fitzpatrick, and Mary Gay Scanlon, have  joined me in introducing this important legislation, as our community  was devastated earlier this year by the horrific blaze that occurred in  a public housing unit.   As has been detailed, in the early morning hours of January 5 of this  year, a fire broke out in a Philadelphia row house owned by the  Philadelphia Housing Authority and converted into apartments, killing  three sisters and nine of their children.   My heart breaks for this beautiful family. They were loving mothers,  aspiring students, babies, some only 2 and 3 years old. I want to take  a moment to remember them by simply saying their names.   The eldest sister, Rosalee ``Rose'' McDonald, 33, was a loving mother  to six children, all of whom perished in the fire. Her children:  Quintien Tate-McDonald, 16; Destiny McDonald, 15; Dekwan ``Day-Day''  Robinson, 8; J'Kwan ``Jay-Jay'' Robinson, 5; Taniesha Robinson, 3; and  Tiffany Robinson, 2.   The middle sister, Virginia ``Jenny'' Thomas, 30, was a loving mother  to four children, three of whom perished in the fire. Her children:  Natasha Wayne, 7; Shaniece Wayne, 10; and Janiyah Roberts, 3.   And finally, Quinsha White, 18 years old, the younger sister to  Rosalee and Virginia. She was still just a senior in high school when  she died.   Heartbreakingly, as the facts around this fire emerged, it became  clear that these tragic deaths might have been possibly prevented with  proper safeguards.    Of the seven smoke alarms in the converted row home, all of which  were the kind that requires frequent battery replacement, four were in  drawers, one was on the floor without batteries, one was in the ceiling  without batteries, and a final alarm, working, was located in the  basement.   This situation, sadly, is not unique. According to 2015 HUD data on  the top 25 deficiencies in public housing, missing or inoperable smoke  detectors was the 15th prevalent deficiency, with 7,700 deficiencies  cited.   In 2020, an ABC News investigation found that ``more than 1 million  people in the U.S. are living in federally funded housing complexes  that inspectors found had fallen short on working smoke detectors.''   It is clear to me that the status quo is not keeping families safe.  My legislation is desperately needed to raise the bar, to ensure that  the 10 million Americans who live in public and federally assisted  housing have the basic, lifesaving benefit of working, reliable smoke  alarms.   This bill would also authorize $2 million for HUD to run a national  education campaign on health and safety requirements in public housing,  including how to properly use fire safety features like smoke alarms,  carbon monoxide detectors, and self-closing doors.   I am pleased to have the support of key stakeholders, including the  International Code Council, who provided guidance in drafting this  bill, the National Fire Protection Association, National Association of  State Fire Marshals, the International Association of Fire Fighters.    Also, I thank my colleagues from Pennsylvania, including  Senator Casey, who has introduced the identical legislation in the  Senate.   Finally, I thank Chairwoman Waters, and her staff, for their guidance  and support in crafting this legislation.   I thank the whole Financial Services Committee for supporting this  bill in our markup. I implore my colleagues to join me in supporting  this important bill.   