 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  complete my remarks.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  confirmation of Dr. Lester Martinez-Lopez to be an Assistant Secretary  of Defense for Health Affairs, or ASDHA.   The Defense Department is responsible for the health and welfare of  over 1.3 million Americans who are entrusted with protecting our  Nation. In order to ensure they get the care they need and deserve, the  DOD must have an Assistant Secretary of Defense in place to lead their  health affairs.   This position is the principal adviser to the Secretary of Defense  for all health and force health protection policies, programs,  activities, and the Integrated Disability Evaluation System. The ASDHA  is responsible for the execution of the DOD medical mission, to provide  and maintain physical and mental health readiness for medical services  and support to members of the military services, their families, and  those held in the control of the military services.   Dr. Martinez-Lopez is eminently qualified for the position and has an  impressive history of public service. Dr. Martinez-Lopez graduated from  medical school in 1978. He retired from the U.S. Army as a major  general and was the first Latino to head the Army Medical Research and  Materiel Command at Fort Detrick, MD. He is the former director of the  Army's worldwide medical research, acquisition, and logistics program,  overseeing a vast research portfolio that included cancer, trauma,  infectious diseases, aviation medicine, and telemedicine research.   Dr. Martinez-Lopez also directed the premier national biological and  chemical defense laboratories and research program and led the  development of the National Biodefense Campus at Fort Detrick.   He served as the commanding general of the Center for Health  Promotion and Preventive Medicine, where he directed a worldwide public  health organization and was responsible for preventive medicine, health  promotion and wellness, global medical surveillance, occupational and  environmental health, and health risk communication.   Dr. Martinez-Lopez has an extensive military and medical background  that makes him eminently qualified to fill this critically important  role. But Republican obstruction has left us without a confirmed  Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs for nearly a year, endangering  the health of our servicemembers and the safety of our Nation.   Unfortunately, Dr. Lopez is not the only critically important  civilian DOD nominee Senate Republicans are blocking. Just yesterday,  Chairman Reed came to the floor to ask for unanimous consent on the  nominees to serve as inspector general of DOD, Assistant Secretary of  the Navy, and a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed  Forces.   This unprecedented obstruction must end, and we must fill these  important positions, including Dr. Martinez-Lopez, as quickly as  possible.   I urge my colleagues to confirm this nominee.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 779, Lester Martinez-Lopez, of  Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; that the Senate vote  on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; and that any  statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record.    Mr. President, very briefly, the fact that my colleague  is objecting to the consequences of not adhering to the requirement for  vaccination is not within the purview of Dr. Lester Martinez-Lopez. So,  therefore, their objection as to this particular nominee is misplaced  and, in my view, irrelevant.   I again call on my colleagues to enable this nominee to come forward  under unanimous consent.   