 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7132, the  Safe Connections Act, critical legislation I've co-led to help  survivors of domestic violence regain their digital independence.   Abusers are increasingly using everyday digital tools to coerce and  control their victims and shared phone plans pose a unique danger for  survivors of domestic violence. They enable abusers to monitor their  victims? phone calls, texts, voicemails and even their precise physical  locations. Phone providers make it extremely challenging and expensive  to end a cell phone contract early, charging up to $350 to leave the  plan and additional up-front fees. Given that 99 percent of all  domestic violence cases involve financial abuse, these fees pose an  insurmountable barrier to leaving an abusive relationship.   I'm proud to have introduced the Safe Connections Act with colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to ensure survivors can safely and remotely  remove themselves from shared phone plans with their abusive partners  without prohibitive costs and contractual obligations. The legislation  tasks the Federal Communications Commission with facilitating access to  emergency communications support through the Lifeline Program or the  Affordable Connectivity Program to empower survivors to obtain new  phones or phone services at discounted prices. The Federal  Communications Commission is also required to ensure that calls or  texts to domestic violence hotlines do not appear on call logs. These  are highly important measures to ensure survivors can quickly cut ties  with their abusers and remain connected to their support networks.   I thank Reps. Kuster and Walberg, Chairman Pallone, and Ranking  Member McMorris Rogers for their partnership on this legislation, and I  urge my colleagues to vote for it.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7624, the  Spectrum Innovation Act, which includes an updated version of my  legislation, the Next Generation 9-1-1 Act.   9-1-1 is a lifeline for Americans in their greatest hour of need. In  an emergency, few things are more important than these three numbers  when it comes to getting help. And it can often be the difference  between life and death. After the horrific attacks on September 11,  2001, I co-founded the E-911 Caucus with Representative John Shimkus  and Senators Hillary Clinton and Conrad Burns to support first  responders and the public safety community by moving our nation's 9-1-1  services into the 21st Century. Unfortunately, we have not reached our  goal and most of the United States' 9-1-1 call centers continue to use  legacy technology developed over 50 years ago. The Spectrum Innovation  Act will provide $10 billion for states and localities to adopt NG911  technology and help modernize most of our call centers.   Next Generation 9-1-1 will harness the power of 21st Century  technology to respond to 21st century emergencies. It will allow our 9- 1-1 emergency communication centers to receive real-time location  information, text messages, photos, and video from individuals at the  scene of an emergency, and to share that information with first  responders. It will also make our emergency communication centers more  secure, resilient, interoperable, and reliable.   The benefits of this technology will help save lives. If someone  breaks into your home and you're hiding from the intruder, you won't  need to call 9-1-1 to speak to an operator. You can text 9-1-1 to  summon help while you continue to hide. You will be able to send  pictures or live stream video from the scene of a car accident or a  home fire to help first responders better respond to the emergency.   The investments made in NG911 through the Spectrum Innovation Act  will help modernize our 9-1-1 system. I'm pleased it has the support of  a broad coalition of law enforcement and public safety organizations,  including the Major County Sheriffs of America; the Major Cities Chiefs  Association; the National Sheriffs' Association; the International  Association of Chiefs of Police; the International Association of Fire  Chiefs; the Metropolitan Fire Chiefs Association; the National  Association of State EMS Officials; the Association of Public Safety  Communications Officials; the National Association of State 911  Administrators; and the National Emergency Number Association.   I thank Rep. Richard Hudson, my co-chair of the NG911 Caucus for  working with me on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote  for it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8454, the Medical  Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act. I advanced a  precursor to this bipartisan bill through my Health Subcommittee and  I'm proud to support it on the Floor today.   According to the Department of Health and Human Services National  Survey on Drug Use, over 48 million Americans reported using cannabis  in the past year. Thirty-seven states now allow the medicinal use of  cannabis and 19 states and the District of Columbia have legalized  cannabis for adult use.   But state laws and federal policy are a thousand miles apart. As more  states allow cannabis, the federal government still strictly controls  and prohibits it, even restricting legitimate medical research.   The Medical Marijuana Research Act addresses these restrictions on  research and alleviates a burdensome, out-of-date process for  scientific researchers. First, it creates a new, less cumbersome  registration process specifically for marijuana, reducing approval wait  times and costly security measures. Second, this bill makes it easier  for researchers to obtain the cannabis they need for their studies  through reforms in production and distribution regulations.   Under this bill scientists will no longer be forced to wait more than  a year to become federally-approved to conduct cannabis research. They  will also not be forced to use the cannabis grown by a government- authorized farm at the University of Mississippi. This cannabis lacks  the properties and potency of commercially-available cannabis and leads  to inadequate research.   This is a commonsense bill that will update federal policy to advance  research on cannabis and its compounds. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 623, the  ``Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0.'' As Chairwoman of the  House Health Subcommittee, I'm proud to have advanced this bipartisan  bill and I'm pleased to support it on the Floor today.   Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0 reauthorizes the  Gabriella Miller Kids First Pediatric Research Program and nearly  doubles critical funding for pediatric cancer research to $25 million  each year for the next five years.   Pediatric cancer is the number one disease killer for children in the  U.S., claiming roughly 1,800 lives every year. Children with certain  birth defects have an increased risk of pediatric cancer, yet the  genetic relationship between these conditions is still poorly  understood.   First launched in 2014, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Pediatric  Research Program connects the dots between birth defects and childhood  cancers, with the hope of fostering data-driven solutions for  personalized treatments. This program is named in honor of Gabriella  Miller, a fierce advocate for childhood cancer research who died of  brain cancer at the young age of 10. Ellyn Miller, Gabriella's mother,  when testifying at my Subcommittee last year, said that Gabriella told  her that she wanted elected officials to ``stop talking and start  doing.''   I urge my colleagues to stop talking and start doing by passing this  important bill.   