 Mr. President, I also rise to protest the manner in which  funding for the people of Ukraine has been strapped to this spending  bill, thereby delaying aid to Ukraine and strapping it to a bill that  is going to need days to get to the President's desk so it is in good  shape.   I have been following--just as you have--the unfolding humanitarian  crisis in Ukraine, and I am incredibly concerned for the people there:  the women and children who have been murdered in the streets by  Vladimir Putin's bombs, the housing complexes that have been destroyed,  the maternity hospital that was bombed just yesterday, all from  unprovoked Russian aggression.   We want to help these people. The people of Wyoming whom I represent  want to help these people.   Because of this, I was particularly appalled at the decision by  congressional Democrats to include Ukraine aid funding in the massive  government funding omnibus bill that we are starting to consider.   We could get this Ukraine money on its way today. We could get it to  the President's desk today. Most of us agree. I think it would be  unanimous to send the money to Ukraine.   As a former House Member and a longtime legislator, I know that any  big piece of legislation has good pieces and bad or, as former U.S.  Senator Al Simpson used to say, ``some spinach.'' But this is a cynical  approach to legislating.   It forces Members of Congress to make an unnecessary choice: choose  between helping the Ukrainian people and further indebting our own  constituents. It is a cynical ploy, and it is cynical because of what  is in the rest of bill, the omnibus spending bill. At a time when the  United States is over $30 trillion in debt, instead of taking a serious  look at our budget, we are piling on.   We are increasing nondefense discretionary spending by 7 percent,  even though inflation this year is more than 7 percent. Worse still,  the omnibus continues to fund President Biden's vaccine mandates, even  after the President himself called for a return to normal. This bill  also contains anti-Second Amendment provisions that threaten the rights  of law-abiding citizens in Wyoming. Finally, after banning the practice  for years, this omnibus contains around $10 billion in earmarks for pet  projects around the country.   Here is the book of earmarks. Look how thick this is. It is printed  on both sides in about 4-point font. You almost have to have a looking  glass to see what is in here--4,000 earmarks after we had gotten away  from this.   I am sympathetic to the argument that earmarks are a more direct way  of addressing problems around the country, but historically they have  been abused as a way for leadership to whip votes on bad legislation  and a way to fund unnecessary pet projects to curry favor back home.   But instead of having a debate about these and other concerns of the  massive spending bill, Ukraine funding was dropped in here in an effort  to get Members to vote for a bad bill so we can get funding to Ukraine.   We should have a stand-alone vote on the aid for the people of  Ukraine. This issue is entirely separate from the omnibus spending bill  that Congress is considering and should be recognized as such on the  Senate floor. Anything less does a disservice to the people we are  trying to help and to the American people we serve.   I am proud of Senator Rick Scott for calling for a separate vote to  help the people of Ukraine.   I yield the floor.   