 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of Dr. Laura  Taylor-Kale, the President's nominee to be Assistant Secretary of  Defense for Industrial Base Policy.   As a member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I know that  growing and sustaining our industrial base is a critical aspect of the  resilience of our national security, and it is critical also to  maintaining our competitive advantage with China and other near-peer  competitors. A resilient defense industrial base is also vital to the  support the United States is providing to Ukraine.   Dr. Taylor-Kale is well suited for this role, having served in the  Obama-Biden administration as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce  for Manufacturing in the International Trade Administration and as the  senior adviser for policy and operations at the U.S. Development  Finance Corporation. She has significant professional experience at the  intersection of business and government and has a thorough  understanding of industry challenges and their impact on supply chains  most crucial to our national security. Her experience across  government, the private sector, multilateral organizations, and  academia leave her well suited to help ensure the Department of Defense  continues to deliver secure and resilient capabilities to our forces.   Filling this position is important. It is vital to addressing  critical vulnerabilities in industrial supply chains, to reducing  reliance on foreign adversaries, and securing domestic industrial  capacity--all actions that are key to U.S. economic and national  security.   If we are serious about the role of the United States as a global  competitor, we need a fully staffed and capable team managing the  current and future needs of our military forces. Dr. Taylor-Kale will  help complete that team.   I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the  majority leader, in consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1152, Laura  Taylor-Kale, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense.  (New Position); that there be 10 minutes for debate equally divided in  the usual form on the nomination; that upon the use or yielding back of  the time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the  nomination; and that the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I listened carefully to my colleague from  Alaska as he objected, and I just want to add a couple of comments in  response.   I had a chance to share with him that there was a Wisconsin conflict  between the Department of Defense and the Department of Interior,  something that when I was a Member of the House of Representatives I  worked on for 14 years and could not get it shaken loose--finger  pointing, finger pointing. And then I had the honor of being elected to  the U.S. Senate, where we have the power to place holds on nominees.  And I had the opportunity, and took advantage of that opportunity, to  place a hold on a nominee who was absolutely in the position to resolve  the issue. And it is a powerful tool.   In this case, the person who is being held could be doing so much to  advance and grow our defense industrial base and help to improve our  national security and resiliency. And this particular person is not in  a position to, if confirmed, resolve the issue that I heard my  colleague describe. So I am disappointed that we cannot move ahead with  this confirmation at this time.   I understand the power of the hold, but it is much more powerful when  the person being held is also in a position to resolve the issue.   And with that, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   