 Madam Speaker, H.R. 7309 is truly transformational  legislation that will have a profound impact on workforce development  and job skills training for decades to come. By virtue of this  legislation, the American economy will be well positioned for success  in emerging industries as well as traditional jobs in an increasingly  competitive global landscape.   With the new initiatives and support for state and local efforts that  this bill provides, more institutions will be able to provide education  and job training services; a wider range of curricula will be available  that enables learners to become job-ready; and more Americans will be  equipped with skills that will jump-start long-term careers.   Very importantly, this bill will extend the reach of job skills  training and employment preparation to all corners of the country and  all segments of society. It does so by creating vital national programs  and instituting accountability systems that will monitor program  operations and success.   This legislation also ensures that students will have access to  training through online digital platforms. Use of e-learning opens the  doors for education even where cultural barriers and long distances  from brick-and-mortar institutes often had the effect of excluding many  Americans.   As enthusiastic as I am about this legislation and its comprehensive  approach toward elevating our country's workforce preparation  infrastructure, there are additional elements that I believed were  necessary. We must ensure that diversity, inclusion, and equity are  always cornerstones of our economy and society; and ensure that this  bill will prepare all demographic groups with our workforce for success  in key industries that are vital to our nation's future economy.   As a result, I submitted amendments to the Workforce Innovation and  Opportunity Act, and I am delighted that the Rules Committee agreed  that these were important additions to H.R. 7309. I would like to share  a few thoughts with my colleagues and the American people about my two  amendments which are being considered by the House of Representatives  today.   My first amendment stems from my fervent and long-held belief that  women and girls should have a level playing field for any type of  study, job, or career. Throughout my life, I have fought for women and  girls to have equal opportunity to learn in classrooms, excel in  workplaces, and achieve in life.   Where women faced walls, I sought to tear down the walls or lean a  ladder against them to climb over. When girls were being discouraged  from educational or career pursuits, I set out to change mindsets. When  females faced biases or glass ceilings that restrained success, I  organized and marched to level the playing field.   As a result, my first amendment would ensure that women and girls are  encouraged to enroll for STEM education, that is, the study of science,  technology, engineering, and math. These subjects are the key to  success in a vast range of industries and professions, especially in  this advanced era in which information and technology propels most  innovations and program. Women and girls must be welcomed for a seat at  those tables, which will dramatically impact gender equality over time.   In addition to being encouraged to enroll, I believe girls and women  should receive priority for both the study of these fields and the jobs  and careers that await them, and that support services should be  provided to them along the way to help ensure their success. The days  of male-dominated stem-based industries must be relegated to history  books, as that bias has no place in modern America.   Because of entrenched, long-standing discrimination against women and  girls, not only do we need equality; we also need equity. In other  words, more must be done to right the wrongs of the past, prioritize  participation by women and girls, and fast-track us for promotions,  advancement, and success.   My second amendment is rooted in similar concerns. It insists that  this legislation help all Americans, specifically communities of color  that historically did not benefit equally from workforce development  and job skills training programs. My amendment would ensure that HBCUs  and other minority-serving educational institutions are eligible and  encouraged to apply for maximal benefits under H.R. 7309's programs.   Moreover, beyond just equality, the job training and workforce  development programs at these institutions should be given priority in  order to promote equity for students whose ancestors were denied that  right. H.R. 7309 can be the impetus for a fresh start.   By including and prioritizing HBCUs and other minority-serving  institutions, the institutionalized barriers which impeded generational  prosperity will be eroded, even if only incrementally and over many  years. By leveling the playing field, the imbalance of generational  wealth will also be rectified.   Madam Speaker, I believe these two amendments are central to the  purpose of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, and will  strengthen the bill both legislatively and in practice across the  country. Diversity and inclusion must always be a priority particularly  in future high-growth industries that are essential to our nation's  long-term economic growth, success, and and job creation strategy.   