 Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening as the proud daughter  of New Mexico to discuss the transformative impacts of the American  Rescue Plan for our State on this beautiful St. Patrick's Day during  Women's History Month to highlight the impacts the American Rescue Plan  has had for our working families, our kids, and for our entire Nation.   It has been a difficult year--a difficult several years--as our  communities have experienced the impacts of the pandemic and the  economic struggles that have come with it. When we think back to even a  year ago, last year at this time, we were unable to gather safely,  unemployment was at an all-time high, so many of our families were  struggling, and businesses closed.   One year ago, this body passed the American Rescue Plan. One year  later, people are still struggling in our country, and supply chains  and our economy are still recovering, but so much has changed. Our  economy is growing at a faster rate than at any point since the 1980s.  More jobs have been created in 1 year than ever in our Nation's  history. Wages are up and more small businesses are opening up across  the country than ever before.   Because the American Rescue Plan changed the way in which families  put food on the table, provide for their families so that our parents,  and women in particular, can return to work and has helped our schools  stay open and our families and small businesses stay afloat.   Let's get to the heart of the matter today, which is how this  particular piece of legislation has transformed the lives of so many  New Mexicans and how our communities have benefitted from these  historic policies.   The people of New Mexico, especially our women, are strong, resilient  centers of our families, and the roots of our communities. Our women  carry us, nurture us, and work hard every day so that we can succeed-- like the women in my own life, my own mother, my sister, and the  trailblazing women who came before us and support us every day in our  communities.   But the challenges and burdens of this pandemic in the past 2 years  have fallen unequally and disproportionately on women who have exited  the workforce in unprecedented numbers, and on our kids who are  resilient, yet still struggling.    As families struggle to make ends meet, keep a roof over their heads,  and put food on the table, women have had to dig deep and find creative  solutions. These burdens have fallen disproportionately, in particular,  on our Latina and Hispano women, on our indigenous women, our Black  women, and women struggling economically every day to make ends meet.   There are countless stories of struggle and resilience and survival  in our communities and the impacts of the American Rescue Plan. One  from New Mexico's First Congressional District is that of April  Trujillo and her four boys in Albuquerque.   After losing her husband in September of 2020, Derrick Trujillo, a  small business owner, who owned a small carpet cleaning business, their  family struggled in a way that they had never done so before. They were  ultimately able to keep a roof over their heads and keep food on the  table because of the transformative impacts of the child tax credit and  rental assistance programs provided by the American Rescue Plan.   It is by no means a stretch to say that these programs helped to  catch this family as they faced potentially becoming homeless at one of  the most difficult moments in their life. That is exactly what this  American Rescue Plan was designed to do and why we must put these  transformational investments in childcare, in the child tax credit, in  housing, in food assistance, and our community well-being, and continue  them into the future.   They catch families like the Trujillo family when they need it most.  It will help to lift up Americans who are facing economic struggles and  create opportunities for families for generations to come.   As we celebrate the 1-year anniversary of the American Rescue Plan  and celebrate the passage of the historic infrastructure package a few  months ago, and crucial budget legislation just this last week, these  bills have had a transformational impact on our economy, on jobs, and  families across the country, and we acknowledge that the work is not  over.   We must extend the child tax credit. We must expand programs to  tackle housing and hunger. We must invest in a universal childcare  system and caring for our elders. We must tackle drought and climate  change. We must stand with Ukraine and global democracy. This is the  work ahead and we stand together united to get it done.   