 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues Senator  Durbin, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Murkowski for joining me on the  floor this morning to talk about a very important topic and one that we  can finally celebrate, which is the passage and the signing of the  Violence Against Women Act.   Nine years--it has been 9 years since the Violence Against Women Act  was reauthorized, but, finally, the Senate reauthorized and modernized  this very important bill.   Last week, the Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act of 2022  passed the House and the Senate, and yesterday, at long last, it was  signed into law.   I have been a proud champion of this bill over the last 3 years. And  while no bill is perfect, I am extremely grateful for the bipartisan  work to get it over the finish line.   This bill is personal. Many of you know my story. I am the one out of  three women who has experienced some form of physical violence by an  intimate partner.   Similarly, one in four men have had the same experience. This means  nearly 20 people per minute, more than 10 million women and men in the  United States every single year have suffered this horrific personal  abuse.   I am not a victim. I am a survivor. It took me a long time to say  those words out loud. And my hope is that with this bill some women  will never have to, and those who do will have the necessary support  and resources in a moment of crisis to cope with and ultimately  overcome their trauma.   The reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act is a bright  light in our current troubling reality.   The bill includes so many critical resources, especially in our rural  communities, that have been drastically overlooked.   Specifically, the bill doubles the support for both the rural  domestic violence assistance program and the Rape Prevention and  Education Program, both of which are of great importance to my home  State of Iowa.   And my sincere hope is that the resources contained in this new law  will finally help truly move the needle on domestic violence around the  country and that some of our Nation's most vulnerable will have access  to the support that they so desperately need.   To my colleagues, thank you, especially to Senators Feinstein,  Durbin, and Murkowski for your diligent work on domestic violence- related issues over the years.   I also want to thank Republican Senators Cornyn, Collins, Capito,  Portman, Cramer, Tillis, Moran, Burr, and Blunt for supporting this  vital bill at introduction.   The negotiations were, at times--my colleagues will recognize this-- very tough, and there were several doubts along the way as to whether  the bill would actually ever happen. But with a little bit of tenacity  and good-faith negotiating, we got there.   To those who work every day around this great country to help  domestic violence survivors, including our law enforcement officers who  are answering those domestic violence calls, thank you.   While working at a victim's shelter answering the hotline in college,  I heard the heartbreaking stories of abuse. I understand this is your  daily reality. Please know your work is not going unnoticed and is  making a difference in the lives of those around you.   To all of the advocates, I greatly appreciate and respect your  passion for the causes you support. Your persistence made this bill  possible, and it made this bill better.   While the end result isn't perfect, it modernizes the resources  necessary to meet the evolving needs of our survivors.   This bill is proof that bipartisanship is not dead and Congress can  tackle these tough issues.   Finally, for my fellow Americans who can say they are survivors, for  those who have not come to terms with their abuse and for those who  feel trapped in their situation and for those who have lost their  battle, please know that you are not and will never be forgotten. The  Violence Against Women Act is for you.   Today, I join my fellow survivors, my colleagues, and our strong and  wonderful advocates across this country in celebrating VAWA's  reauthorization and its modernization.   Thank you to my dear colleagues for their wonderful work in helping  us get this over the finish line.   I yield the floor.   