 Good morning. Don't get distracted by the cane, it might  fall. If I fall, catch me.   Good morning, everyone. I thank you so much for being here this  morning with the former Members of Congress.   I am really grateful to be able to speak with you this morning about  one of my favorite programs and FMC's biggest program, Congress to  Campus.   I love Congress to Campus. As some of you know, the Congress to  Campus program brings bipartisan pairs of former Members of Congress to  college campuses for 1\1/2\ to 3 days to meet with classes, student  groups, clubs, local media, faculty, and other members of a college  campus community to engage in frank and honest dialogues about our  legislative branch in action, public service, and our democracy and the  role that citizens play. We talk about current legislative issues and  other topics dictated by the headlines.   The way it works is a bipartisan team of former Members share real- life experiences in both political and public realms. They discuss  their unique experiences balancing public and private lives, giving an  unparalleled insight into the many roles of our elected  Representatives. In addition, the Members focus on the real-world  application of policymaking and illustrate how government policy  influences the everyday lives of citizens. Students love it. Congress  to Campus is an exceptional perspective about life in Washington and on  Capitol Hill, especially when you have a little bit of distance.   Currently, when there is a great deal of negativity surrounding  Congress, the Congress to Campus program highlights the power of  bipartisanship, the dignity of public service, and the importance of  actively engaging its citizenry. Students get so much out of it, and  the questions that they have really reflect the purpose of the Congress  to Campus program.   The three goals of Congress to Campus are to showcase civil,  respectful, and productive debate on issues where former Members still  wear their partisan hats--and we do, for example, on environmental  policy or on the Second Amendment. But they engage students in a back  and forth very different from the shouting matches that students  sometimes see on cable news and social media. I have to say I have  engaged in that.   Secondly, it encourages public service in the next generation to show  interested students a path toward Capitol Hill and to mentor future  public servants. It reminds the students that in their role as  citizens, they need to be active participants in our representative  democracy, otherwise our form of government just doesn't work. Students  get to hear firsthand the importance of that even when you share or  have political differences.   At a minimum, these events showcase to students that they have a  responsibility to be informed voters.   Congress to Campus also shares the many other ways those being  represented can hold accountable those doing the representing.    The former Members of Congress donate all their time and insight pro  bono to the program. This is a real value because otherwise, especially  for small college campuses, it would be impossible for those campuses  to be able to pay the honorarium and travel and all of those things. So  none of the Members of Congress participating in Congress to Campus  receive a fee or honorarium for their time. FMC funding only goes  toward covering travel and lodging costs. Congress to Campus is made  possible thanks to the support of the Stennis Center and the Park  Foundation.   This past spring Congress to Campus went to 11 different college  campuses reaching nearly 1,000 students. This past fall Congress to  Campus held over 15 programs with schools and organizations alike,  including one trip to the United Kingdom and one trip to Germany with  our former Members reaching over 1,000 students. Most schools  [[Page H9703]]  feel comfortable transitioning back to in-person programming, but there  are still many opportunities to hold these events virtually, as well,  and I think we learned a lot during the pandemic about ways that we  could reach schools that we ordinarily otherwise would not be able to  travel to.   To quote one student from Western Oregon University after attending a  Congress to Campus visit, the student said: ``I always thought that  Congress officials did get letters asking for change, but I always  thought they ignored the changes people wanted. I learned they actually  do care and will try to make the changes when someone petitions to  them. I also learned I should not only look at one person's side I most  agree with, and that rather, I should look at issues from both  perspectives.''   That was from a student from Western Oregon University.   Looking ahead to the new year, the focus of Congress to Campus will  shift to reaching out to Historically Black Colleges and Universities,  Tribal colleges, and Hispanic-serving institutions, military academies  and colleges and also to inner-city colleges where students may never  have the opportunity to speak with Members of our Congress, like you.  Currently, there are 12 schools already signed up for the spring of  2023. So you will have your opportunity as well to sign up in  bipartisan pairs. Don't miss your opportunity.   So our ask of you is to be part of our flagship program, Congress to  Campus. Help us help these students see that bipartisanship and  civility are alive and thriving, especially at a divisive time like  this. One big testament to the program is our before and after program  surveys; 100 percent of students on their post-event survey say that  their mind has changed about Congress, for the better.   I love Congress to Campus. In addition to the amazing students, one  of my favorite aspects of the program is the opportunity to work with  my colleagues from across the aisle--some of whom I did not know well  or serve with--to change ideas and policy programs in a respectful way  and to show students that critical thinking and healthy disagreement  are part of the beauty of the Republic.   I will say on a personal note, I really got to know Charles Boustany  from Louisiana. We become fast and furious friends. My friend, the  Chair, Dennis Roth, and I have done a number of these programs  together, and now we are RV companions.   So if you would like to get involved, please contact the Congress to  Campus program manager Patricia Ochs.   Thank you so much for your time today.   Mr. PAYNE: So, Tom and Donna, thank you very much for sharing your  insight and thank you for being such great members of FMC.   FMC is a volunteer organization, and I think our programs have a lot  of impact because our members on a bipartisan basis contribute to us  and to the public their knowledge and time. We are successful because  former Representatives and Senators come together across party lines  for the good of our organization. They do this on a pro bono basis.  They believe in our mission, and they continue to have a public  servant's heart.   Former Members of Congress in 2021 and 2022 donated more than 7,000  hours of energy, wisdom, mentoring, and expertise without receiving any  compensation. The only compensation is the knowledge that they are  giving back, that serving in Congress was a unique privilege, and that  it comes with the mandate to encourage and empower the next generation.   On behalf of FMC, I want to thank all of our colleagues who have  contributed their time and expertise to make FMC such a success. So  while I have all of you here, I thank you all and thank you to the many  members of FMC who are not with us today, as well.   Let me also share with the new former Members that through FMC you  can contribute to civic education across the country. You can share  with audiences worldwide. You have unparalleled insight through panels  and webinars on issues from economic policy to security issues and  travel overseas as part of former Member delegations at the invitation  of our global partners.   We also run a number of highly successful programs involving senior  congressional staff including chiefs of staff and district directors  across the Nation.   Again, all of our work is accomplished because Democrats and  Republicans band together as they continue their public service through  FMC.   One way our international work manifests itself is through FMC's  Congressional Study Groups. These are programs that support the current  Congress and current Members of Congress by bringing them together with  their peers in legislative branches overseas. These parliamentary  exchanges focus currently on the German Bundestag, Japan's National  Diet, the European Parliament in Brussels, and the Korean National  Assembly.   I now invite two of our board members to share with you their insight  into FMC's international programming. Former Senator and House Member  Tim Hutchinson, who will speak about our Congressional Study Groups,  and former Member Connie Morella, who has been a leader for FMC on many  projects for a very long time, including our very important Diplomatic  Advisory Council.    Tim?   