 Mr. President, reserving the right to object--Senator  Rounds, I do not object to the substance of your bill. As a member of  the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am very much in favor of the  contributions made to our country by Native Americans and certainly the  Native American veterans. However, for a long time, I have been trying  to get a very simple technical fix to the Violence Against Women Act  that would allow Native Hawaiian organizations to serve Native Hawaiian  women.   As we all know, VAWA provides support to survivors of domestic  violence, sexual assault, sex trafficking, dating violence, and  stalking. Tragically, Native women across the country--that would be  Alaskan Natives, Native Hawaiians, American Indian women--experience  disproportionately higher levels of sexual violence, which is why VAWA  includes STOP grants to provide funding for eligible Native  organizations, nonprofits, including Native Hawaiian organizations, to  serve Native women.   However, in spite of the fact that Native Hawaiian women are  represented among the disproportionately high number of survivors of  gender-based violence and sex trafficking, and despite the fact that  Native Hawaiian organizations are eligible for these grants, because of  a drafting oversight, these Native Hawaiian organizations eligible for  these grants cannot serve the Native Hawaiian community.   It would likely shock many of my colleagues to learn about the  gender-based violence and sex trafficking numbers in Hawaii and of sex  trafficking survivors in Hawaii. Over 70 percent are Native Hawaiian  women and girls. But yet, Native Hawaiian organizations cannot actually  serve Native Hawaiian women through these grants.   By passing this simple technical fix, we can ensure that Native  Hawaiian women can access the benefits and support included in the  critical Violence Against Women Act.   I am very glad that my colleague from Hawaii is presiding as we have  this debate.   So now I would ask if the Senator would modify his request so that  immediately following the disposition of S. 1725, the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 7, which was introduced earlier  today; further, that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate?    Mr. President, I would just like to commend my colleague  for his work with the Native American veterans and for working with me  to pass S. 7, which is a very necessary bill for Native Hawaiian women.  Aloha.   