 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor this evening to  support the nomination of John Chun, who is to serve as judge for the  U.S. District Court of Western Washington, and I know that we will be  voting later tonight on that nomination.   I was proud to recommend to President Biden Judge Chun, who then was  nominated by the President. My colleague Senator Murray and I know what  a qualified individual he is to serve our country.   He has spent his entire legal career practicing law in the Western  District of Washington, making him deeply knowledgeable of the district  that he will serve. He is well-prepared for the Western District and  offers a unique perspective to the bench, having served as a superior  court judge for 4 years before joining the court of appeals in 2018, as  well as his tenure in private practice.   Through his extensive courtroom experience as a former trial judge  and current appellate judge, he has had much time as a trial litigator.  He will be ready on day one to serve effectively on the Federal  district court bench.   Judge Chun has received profound support for his nomination to the  U.S. district court. Not only did his nomination receive bipartisan  support from the Senate Judiciary Committee; it also received support  from the American Bar Association, which unanimously rated him ``well  qualified'' to serve in this position.   In addition to the endorsement from the National Asian Pacific  American  [[Page S1212]]  Bar Association, Judge Chun's nomination has received praise from many  organizations in our State, including the Washington Low Income Housing  Alliance, the Vietnamese American Bar Association of Washington, the  South Asian Bar Association of Washington, the Asian Bar Association of  Washington, and the Korean American Coalition of Washington.   As I am sure my colleagues can see, Judge Chun is immensely qualified  to serve on this court. I urge them to join me and my colleague Senator  Murray in supporting his nomination to serve as judge for the U.S.  District Court of the Western District of the State of Washington.   I yield the floor.   