 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Senate  Amendment to H.R. 1192, the Puerto Rico Recovery Accuracy in  Disclosures Act of 2021. I was proud to introduce this bill with  bipartisan support in the House. I would like to thank House Speaker  Nancy Pelosi and Chairman Jerry Nadler for bringing this legislation to  the floor and to Senator Bob Menendez for introducing a companion bill  in the Senate and for his tireless efforts to make sure this Bill would  get approved in the Senate.   H.R. 1192 already unanimously passed this House back on February 24,  2021 and I expect to do so the same today.   The Puerto Rico Recovery Accuracy in Disclosures Act of 2021 or  ``PRRADA'' eliminates a double standard currently facing Puerto Rico.  Under U.S. Code and Federal Bankruptcy procedure, any conflicts of  interest--or even the perception of such conflict--between those  working on the bankruptcy and the debtor are required to be disclosed.   However, a loophole in the current law prevents this requirement from  being extended to the people of Puerto Rico.   In 2016, Congress passed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and  Economic Stability Act, otherwise known as PROMESA. When PROMESA was  originally passed, it incorporated Chapter 11's bankruptcy requirement  that professionals file fee applications with the court. But PROMESA  did not include Chapter 11's disclosure requirements that go hand-in- hand with those fee applications. PRRADA remedies this and makes sure  that professionals paid by the taxpayers of Puerto Rico are fully  transparent about what interests they are serving.   Puerto Ricans should be confident that the Board's bankruptcy  advisors do not have their ``thumb on the scale'' to favor certain  debts where they have a self-interest. This bipartisan bill ensures  integrity and transparency of the PROMESA process.   While we can have differing opinions on how effectively the Oversight  Board is carrying out its mission, one thing should be clear--the  island's residents should be entitled to the same rights and  protections as any debtor on the mainland.   Once more, I would like to thank Chairman Nadler, the Committee Staff  and the bipartisan cosponsors of this bill. I strongly encourage all  members to vote ``Yes'' on this critical piece of legislation.   