 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas (Mrs.  Fletcher), who has been someone I have deeply admired as part of the  women's movement, as part of the women's choice movement, and who has  made herself a leader in this body and a leader in Texas, and for  bringing us all here tonight as part of Women's History Month.   Madam Speaker, I am rising alongside my pro-choice colleagues in  honoring the women of the reproductive heath, rights, and justice  movement. Women, like my own mother, who remember being young and  without choice--without choice over their bodily autonomy. Women like  my own mother who marched for women's rights, who remember when Roe v.  Wade came down.   Madam Speaker, I am here today to rise for the brave providers, the  fierce advocates, the trailblazing women of color who established the  principles and coined the terms, and all those who believe in a society  where women are entitled to make personal decisions about their bodies,  work, families, and futures.   For those who agreed to become the face of legal challenges to  abortion access, the litigators who helped shape the arguments that  became the legal fabric of protections for reproductive rights, and the  women who have served as the jurists and the justices who wrote  landmark defenses of these rights. We must protect their progress from  destructive efforts in the States to overturn precedent that has saved  countless lives and determined countless futures.   Rights are under attack. For nearly 6 months now, patients in Texas  have been denied a constitutional right to an abortion due to a  statewide law designed to restrict, shame, and penalize those who dare  to terminate a pregnancy that they do not wish to carry to term.   Just last week, Idaho became the first State to copy Texas' model. We  stand here in this Chamber across the street from another body of  governance, our courts, the Supreme Court that might overrule Roe v.  Wade. If it is overturned by the United States Supreme Court, my home  State of Michigan would automatically join that list.   In fact, if Roe fails, if Roe escapes us, half the States in this  Union will ban abortion entirely, leaving even more people across large  swaths of the Midwest and South without access to care. This is not  just an issue of bodily autonomy, my friends, it is an economic issue.   The U.S. is the only industrialized Nation without Federal paid leave  policy, the emergence of COVID-19 has shown us the consequences of that  foundational failure. Who are we to become? What Nation are we that  will not stand up for its people's rights and the success of their  families?   We all know that women have been disproportionately impacted by this  pandemic, being forced to leave the workforce at record rates. When  childcare and abortion services are both out of reach, a parent's  financial future and ability to participate in our economy is severely  jeopardized.   Let us not forget that the individual's most harmed by abortion  restrictions are those who already face barriers to accessing  healthcare, including women, people of color, members of the LGBTQ  community, immigrants, young people, those living in rural communities,  and people with disabilities. This is a wake-up moment in this Nation.  We are here not just for history, but for our future.   When I was elected to Congress, on behalf of Michigan's 11th  District, becoming the first women ever to represent Michigan's 11th  District. Sure, let's be proud then as we are now for the unprecedented  number of women who are serving in this body. Those who are  unequivocally claiming that we have the right to choose. Abortion is  healthcare. Hear us say that in the Chamber and on this floor. All  women must be able to make the decision that is best for them, their  family, and their body.   Congress has a responsibility to stand with people in communities  fighting for racial, economic, and reproductive justice, and we must  commit to protecting the right of every person to make their own  decisions about their bodies, free from discrimination and political  interference.   It is with immense gratitude and reverence that I join my colleagues  in honoring the women who have made it possible for so many of us to  stand here today--to be here today. During Women's History Month, let  us all recommit to supporting the activism, the organizing, the efforts  all around this country, those who are watching and who are counting on  us.   Madam Speaker, we will vote today, we will vote tomorrow, and we will  continue to do the work of the people.   