 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  3588, the bipartisan Mathematical and Statistical Modeling Education  Act.   This is a very straightforward bipartisan bill. It would modernize  the math curricula and improve K-12 science, technology, engineering,  and mathematics, otherwise known as STEM, education in the United  States.   We know that STEM education taught in schools today is simply not  keeping pace with the rapidly evolving needs of the public and private  sectors. We also know that this lack of skills has a direct correlation  with the STEM skills shortage across our Nation.   To fix this, my bill will help schools update their math curricula to  make them more relevant and applicable to real-world scenarios.   The National Science Foundation would be tasked with providing  competitive grants focused on modernizing STEM education through  mathematical and statistical modeling, including data-driven and  computational thinking. It will also direct the National Academies of  Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a study on the same  topic.   As an engineer myself and a former chemistry teacher and  entrepreneur, I know firsthand just how vital this is for the next  generation and for the future of our workforce in our Nation.   According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the United States will  need 1 million additional STEM professionals than it is on track to  produce in the coming decade alone.   Thankfully, with this legislation, we have the opportunity to provide  tangible critical thinking skills to the next generation that will  enable them to succeed in the workplace and beyond. It is far past time  to bring problem-solving into the 21st century.   When I was in school, math was often portrayed as a one-dimensional  skill that existed solely in the math classroom. Let's now show our  students that a skill set in STEM is invaluable to analyzing trends on  social media or predicting sports outcomes, and it is as valuable for  that as it is to succeed in any chemistry class.   I am very grateful to Representative  Jim Baird for joining me, to  Chairwoman Eddie Bernice Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for their  leadership on this topic, and to everyone else who played a role in  bringing this very important and bipartisan bill to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  bill.   