 Madam Speaker, it is good in this season to be  surrounded by truth.   Let me rise to support H.R. 9640, the Presidential Tax Filings and  Audit Transparency Act of 2022, because this is a necessity.   When the Committee on Ways and Means investigated the IRS' execution  of its mandate to audit the taxes of a sitting President, they found  that, during the Trump administration, the IRS has been in serious  dereliction of its duty to audit the taxes of Donald Trump when he had  been President. In fact, we have found and believe that at one time he  paid zero.   I don't want to necessarily focus on Donald Trump, but he happens to  be at the core issue of the fact of: Are we an equal society? The  Committee on Ways and Means has emphasized that we are.   It leads us to the obvious questions of: Why? Did the IRS simply  forget to do it? Did someone misplace his tax returns? Did the auditor  of Presidential tax returns retire?   I think this legislation is imperative because it must be a general  perspective that transparency is for everyone.   Let me be very clear: There are hardworking members of the IRS,  hardworking members of that team.    Madam Speaker, we know and see them all the time.   Madam Speaker, in addition to the dereliction regarding the audit of  Donald Trump, we have heard that if you are a schoolteacher, you are  audited.   I want to say to the IRS Commissioner: You are derelict in your  duties. You are derelict in your sensitivity to constituents, to calls  from Members, and you are derelict in your duty as to what you are  supposed to do as related to the President of the United States, not  only because he was President but because he was an individual who  continued to ignore the laws of the land.   I said today was a day of truth in this holiday season. This  legislation will bring truth and respect. Let's see those tax returns,  and let the IRS do its job on behalf of the American people.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 9640, the  Presidential Tax Filings and Audit Transparency Act of 2022.   This legislation arose by necessity. When the Ways and Means  Committee investigated the IRS's execution of its mandate to audit the  taxes of a sitting president, it found that, during the Trump  administration, the IRS had been in serious dereliction of its duty to  audit the taxes of Donald Trump when he had been president.   This was especially troubling because, based on publicly known and  commonly held information, Donald Trump's activities and investments  presented a wide range of questionable and potentially problematic tax  issues, to a far greater degree than any previous president.   Donald Trump's taxes are the prototypical example of why the policy  was established in the 1970s that required the IRS to audit the taxes  of a sitting president.   And yet, as the Ways and Means Committee found, it did not happen,  either never being initiated or never being completed.   It leads us to the obvious question: Why?   Did the IRS simply forget to do it?   Did someone misplace his tax returns?   Did the auditor of presidential tax returns retire?   While we don't know the exact answer, the IRS's failure to conduct  its statutorily mandated audit of the president's taxes raises the  possibility of a nefarious reason for the failure.  [[Page H10000]]    Given the well-documented, extensive, and repeated malfeasance that  was endemic to the presidency of Donald Trump--including all of the  evidence presented during his two impeachment trials and his attempt to  obstruct the effectuation of the 2020 election and subvert the  Constitution, as exposed by the January 6th Select Committee--it is  obvious that Trump had little or no interest in personally adhering to  the law.   Because of that, Congress would be naive to believe that the IRS's  failure to audit Trump's taxes was merely an administerial error.   Whether the failure was due to a specific instruction that was  transmitted directly to the IRS leadership, or an implied directive  that was recognized, or possibly some other means of observing or  conveying Trump's wishes, it would be foolish to ignore the possibility  that a president who flouted the law with impunity on so many occasions  had instead, in total contrast, insisted on strict adherence to the law  in connection to the audit of his personal taxes, and that his views  played no part in the failure of the IRS to audit his taxes.   This obvious observation is accentuated by Trump's public statements  displaying his antipathy to paying his fair share of federal taxes.  Perhaps most resoundingly, during a 2016 debate, he said that, by  paying nothing in federal taxes over a series of years, ``That makes me  smart.''   All of this pertinent background underscores the obvious basis for  the legislation that we are now considering: Congress must ensure that  the failure by the IRS to audit a sitting president's taxes Never  Happens Again.   This bill codifies the requirement that the IRS conduct and complete  an audit of the sitting president's taxes each year, and publicly  disclose certain information about its findings.   The bill also requires the IRS to audit any additional filing by a  former president that relates to a year in which he or she had been in  office.   Since it is the responsibility of Congress to ensure that the tax  code is administered fairly for every American, it is especially  important that Congress apply that to the most powerful American at any  given time: the president of the United States.   Fairness requires even-handed application of the law to everyone,  including those with the most influence over our governmental  institutions.   Failure to adhere to this precept would subordinate public confidence  in our democracy the whims of the person who presides over the entire  executive branch of our government.   Failure to abide by fairness in the enforcement of our tax code would  negate fairness as a fundamental American principle.   Failure to apply the tax code to the president in an even-handed  manner, just like it applies to other Americans, would assert  acquiescence of justice and the rule of law to Machiavellian,  autocratic, narcissistic personal interests and personal power.   That may be how things work in countries run by monarchs, but that's  not how the United States works.   In fact, it is antithetical every stroke of the quill that composed  our Constitution.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support this legislation because it is  necessary and appropriate, and it effectuates bedrock American  principles.   I urge all my colleagues to vote YES on this bill to empower the IRS  to do its job--free of fear or favor--and remind every future president  that he or she is subordinate to the Constitution and the rule of law,  just like every other person in our country.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3949, the  Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2022, which  reauthorizes the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000.   Human trafficking is one of the greatest ongoing threats to human  rights in the world--and in this country.   An estimated 25 percent of human trafficking victims are reportedly  in my home state of Texas, with Houston being one of the largest hubs  for human trafficking in the country. And although some populations are  at greater risk of victimization than others, human trafficking spans  all races, ages, genders, and every socioeconomic status.  [[Page H10018]]    In 2020, the National Human Trafficking Hotline identified more than  16,000 victims of human trafficking, who likely represent only a  fraction of the actual problem.   In that same year, the National Center for Missing and Exploited  Children received more than 21.7 million reports, most of which were  related to child sexual abuse material, online enticement, child sex  trafficking, and child sexual molestation.   Victims who have been exploited or abused sexually or trafficked,  whether for labor or sex, require and deserve victim-focused,  culturally informed responses from well-trained providers and law  enforcement, that direct them towards emergency and long-term services  critical to sustaining them as they heal.   Funding and grants to develop, expand, strengthen, and provide these  victim services and programming are vital to our efforts to identify  victims, provide healing, prevent further victimization, and ensure  justice.   Because it is our duty not only to ensure victims and survivors of  these ghastly crimes are not re-victimized but also to provide them  with services that help them successfully re-integrate into society, we  must extend the authorizations of the vital programs within the  Trafficking Victims Protection Act.   I support S. 3949 and encourage my colleagues to do the same.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3946, the  Abolish Human Trafficking Reauthorization Act.   Human trafficking can happen anywhere in America--in rural  communities in the form of agricultural labor, in urban communities in  the form of massage parlors, and suburban communities in the form of  domestic labor, or in any combination.   And although some populations are at greater risk than others, human  trafficking spans all races, ages, genders, and every socioeconomic  status.   People who have been trafficked, whether for labor or sex, are not  criminals. They are victims who deserve victim-focused, culturally  informed responses that direct them towards services critical to  sustaining them as they heal and away from the criminal justice system.  [[Page H10022]]    I am sure we can agree that we must better support victims of labor  and sex trafficking, ensure that they are not revictimized or  stigmatized, and provide them with services that help them successfully  re-integrate into society.   And, while we tend to focus on sex trafficking, we must do more to  shine a light on incidences of labor trafficking and victims of forced  labor. This begins with gathering better data.   This legislation would reauthorize and strengthen several programs  aimed at preventing human trafficking and protecting victims and  survivors within the Trafficking Victims Protection Act or the TVPA-- the cornerstone of the U.S. antitrafficking response.   This bill would also encourage collaboration among those entities  that identify and support victims, improve law enforcement training,  promote data collection, prioritize efforts to respond to cybercrime,  and strengthen certain protections for victims and survivors.   I thank Senators Cornyn and Klobuchar for their continued dedication  to the fight to end human trafficking. I urge all of my colleagues to  support S. 3946.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  courtesies. I thank the manager, as well, for rising for this important  legislation, which is, of course, S. 1541, the Martha Wright-Reed Just  and Reasonable Communications Act.   As the chair of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland  Security, I see these issues in terms of the Federal Bureau of Prisons.  Obviously, these issues are rampant in State prisons, as well.   What is the basis of the issue? It is family. It is family  connectedness. We have heard over and over again how exorbitant the  cost is for grandmothers, mothers and fathers, and sisters and brothers  to keep connections to individuals who, yes, have committed a crime,  have been convicted, and are incarcerated, but they should not have  been left out of the circle of humanity and family and the ability to  stay connected.   This particular person, Martha Wright-Reed, is a person who has been  an advocate. But the story surrounds a grandmother who wanted to be  involved with her grandson and wound up spending thousands of dollars  to be able to communicate, to keep that grandson realizing that even  though he had steered in a different direction, maybe a wrong  direction, she wanted to make sure that that grandson knew that he was  loved and that he had a future.   This is the plight of many of my constituents and those around the  Nation who have loved ones incarcerated, who are blocked because of the  exorbitant cost that really takes their mortgage or their ability to  buy food because the cost is so high.   I am very grateful to Congressman Rush's leadership and Senator  Duckworth, who I had a chance to speak with about how important this  legislation is. I rise enthusiastically to support it. I might add, it  will be a light to many people who have given up as they have been  incarcerated.   I want to take a moment as well to acknowledge two bills that have  just been spoken about: S. 3946, the Abolish Trafficking  Reauthorization Act of 2022, and S. 3949, the Trafficking Victims  Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2022. I will simply  say, as we all know, human trafficking is one of the greatest ongoing  threats to human rights in the world and in this country. An estimated  25 percent of human trafficking victims are reportedly in my home  State.   These bills are a step forward in funding grants, but as well, I  think it is extremely important to recognize  [[Page H10028]]  that there are other aspects of human trafficking that we must stomp  out.   I am very glad that these bills are on the floor today, along with  the underlying bill that I am supporting, as well as the Childhood  Cancer STAR Reauthorization Act. As a person who has been involved with  M.D. Anderson and Texas Children's Hospital, I know that this is going  to be an important bill as it relates to childhood cancer.   Finally, in my conclusion, I simply add my support, again, for S.  1541, the Martha Wright-Reed Just and Reasonable Communications Act. I  will say that it will save many of those who are incarcerated. It will  put them on a pathway of rehabilitation, and it will be fair to those  families who cannot afford to spend this amount of money just to  communicate with their loved ones.   