 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Bipartisan  Safer Communities Act, long overdue legislation to address gun violence  in our schools and neighborhoods. Although this legislation is far from  perfect, it is an important step forward in solving the epidemic of gun  violence that has gripped our nation for decades.   In the weeks following the tragedy in Uvalde at Robb Elementary and  the racist attack at a grocery store in Buffalo, I spoke with many  constituents who continue to urge action. Teachers, parents, and  concerned community members from Northwest Oregon shared pleas for  Congress to follow through on our responsibility to our children and  our nation by immediately passing bold policies to implement gun safety  reform. An educator I know told me that after Uvalde, she sat down with  her students and told them she would take a bullet for them.  Conversations like this are happening in classrooms across the country,  but they shouldn't have to. Congress must provide all students with  safe learning environments free from the threat of gun violence. The  House already passed a comprehensive slate of gun violence prevention  legislation, and I look forward to building on that by voting for this  legislation that came out of the bipartisan Senate negotiations.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act will help to protect Americans  and make gun sales safer. The most effective way to protect communities  from gun violence is to keep guns out of the hands of individuals who  are a danger to themselves and others. This legislation will  incentivize states to establish extreme risk protection order laws,  enhance background checks for people under the age of 21, end straw  purchasing, and penalize gun traffickers. It will also safeguard  survivors of domestic violence by closing the so called ``boyfriend  loophole,'' prohibiting people convicted of domestic violence crimes  from possessing firearms.   Additionally, this bill makes a robust investment in under Title IV-A  of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Fully funding this important grant  program will help to close the opportunity and resource gaps in our  nation's public schools, and I'm pleased this bill recognizes the  importance of this program in providing students of all backgrounds  with a well-rounded, safe, and healthy education.   Although these actions to address gun violence in our communities and  fund critical school improvement programs are important, I am concerned  about how various provisions in the bill could harm Black and brown  students and students with disabilities in our nation's schools. The  Bipartisan Safer Communities Act increases funding for school resource  officers (SROs) and codifies further involvement of the Department of  Homeland Security in education through threat assessments. Research and  practice show that both SROs and threat assessments are ineffective in  keeping students safe in schools. As Chair of the Civil Rights and  Human Services Subcommittee, I remain committed to protecting students'  civil rights and delivering on the promise of an equitable, world-class  public education for each and every student in this country. I will  closely monitor the implementation of this legislation to make sure our  most marginalized and vulnerable students are not subject to further  disproportionate discipline and discriminatory targeting in schools.   As a member of the Gun Violence Prevention Taskforce, I again want to  recognize how crucial the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act is to our  schools, communities, and country. This bill will be the first  substantive action on gun violence prevention since the passage of the  Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act in 1994. In the last 30 years,  our nation has been devastated over and over again by horrific  tragedies like we saw in recent weeks at Robb Elementary in Uvalde,  Texas. We cannot bring back those who have been murdered, but we can  enact meaningful laws that will prevent more senseless deaths.   I urge swift passage of the legislation.    Mr, Speaker, I rise today in support of the Bipartisan  Safer Communities Act, long overdue legislation to address gun violence  in our schools and neighborhoods. Although this legislation is far from  perfect, it is an important step forward in solving the epidemic of gun  violence that has gripped our Nation for decades.   In the weeks following the tragedy in Uvalde at Robb Elementary and  the racist attack at a grocery store in Buffalo, I spoke with many  constituents who continue to urge action. Teachers, parents, and  concerned community members from Northwest Oregon shared pleas for  Congress to follow through on our responsibility to our children and  our Nation by immediately passing bold policies to implement gun safety  reform. An educator I know told me that after Uvalde, she sat down with  her students and told them she would take a bullet for them.  Conversations like this are happening in classrooms across the country,  but they shouldn't have to. Congress must provide all students with  safe learning environments free from the threat of gun violence. The  House already passed a comprehensive slate of gun violence prevention  legislation, and I look forward to building on that by voting for this  legislation that came out of the bipartisan Senate negotiations.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act will help to protect Americans  and make gun sales safer. The most effective way to protect communities  from gun violence is to keep guns out of the hands of individuals who  are a danger to themselves and others. This legislation will  incentivize states to establish extreme risk protection order laws,  enhance background checks for people under the age of 21, end straw  purchasing, and penalize gun traffickers. It will also safeguard  survivors of domestic violence by closing the so-called ``boyfriend  loophole,'' prohibiting people convicted of domestic violence crimes  from possessing firearms.   Additionally, this bill makes a robust investment in Student Support  and Academic Enrichment Grants under Title IV-A of the Every Student  Succeeds Act. Fully funding this important grant program will help to  close the opportunity and resource gaps in our Nation's public schools,  and I'm pleased this bill recognizes the importance of this program in  providing students of all backgrounds with a well-rounded, safe, and  healthy education.   Although these actions to address gun violence in our communities and  fund critical school improvement programs are important, I am concerned  about how various provisions in the bill could harm Black and brown  students and students with disabilities in our Nation's schools. The  Bipartisan Safer Communities Act increases funding for school resource  officers (SROs) and codifies further involvement of the Department of  Homeland Security in education through threat assessments. Research and  practice show that both SROs and threat assessments are ineffective in  keeping students safe in schools. As Chair of the Civil Rights and  Human Services Subcommittee, I remain committed to protecting students'  civil rights and delivering on the promise of an equitable, world-class  public education for each and every student in this country. I will  closely monitor the implementation of this legislation to make sure our  most marginalized and vulnerable students are not subject to further  disproportionate discipline and discriminatory targeting in schools.   As a member of the Gun Violence Prevention Taskforce, I again want to  recognize how crucial the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act is to our  schools, communities, and country. This bill will be the first  substantive action on gun violence prevention since the passage of the  Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act in 1994. In the last 30 years,  our Nation has been devastated over and over again by horrific  tragedies like we saw in recent weeks at Robb Elementary in Uvalde,  Texas. We cannot bring back those who have been murdered, but we can  enact meaningful laws that will prevent more senseless deaths.   I urge swift passage of the legislation.   