 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the Fiscal Year 2022  omnibus bill.   I want to thank Chair DeLauro for her leadership and perseverance in  bringing this omnibus to the finish line. It has been hard fought and I  can confidently say that the American people will benefit from the  investments made in this bill.   Thank you, Ranking Member Joyce, for your collaboration and  partnership through this process. And thank you, Ranking Member  Granger.   For fiscal year 2022, the Interior and Environment division provides  $38 billion.   This is an increase of almost $2 billion over last year's enacted  level, which is a 5 percent increase.   This bill makes long-overdue investments to care for our planet,  fight the climate emergency, and meet our trust obligations to tribal  nations.   The bill prioritizes the protection and preservation of our  landscapes and biodiversity, providing $14.4 billion for the Department  of the Interior.   It supports the administration's initiatives on climate change and  affirms the role of science as the foundation for decision making.   The bill provides necessary resources to deal with the threat of  wildfires in the West, providing $5.5 billion for Wildland Fire  Management and it invests in programs to improve the health of our  forests and make them more resilient.   The bill also includes major investments to clean up pollution and  protect human health and the environment. It invests heavily in  environmental justice, and I am proud that we are providing an  unprecedented $100 million for these efforts, which is a nearly 700  percent increase.   Additionally, the bill provides $3.3 billion for grant programs to  make drinking water and sewer system improvements, remove lead from our  taps, improve air quality, and strengthen our nation's recycling  infrastructure.   These grants have profound impacts on public health and the  environment, but they also are economic drivers that create good paying  American jobs.   This bill supports the Arts and Humanities by providing the largest  increase in twelve years to the National Endowment for the Arts and the  National Endowment for the Humanities.   And finally, this bill supports Native American families by investing  in a strong and resilient Indian Country, including through education  and health care programs.   The investments in this bill will improve the lives of Americans and  I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   