 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Women's  Business Centers Improvement Act, and I thank Representatives Davids  and Tenney for their work on this very important and bipartisan piece  of legislation.   As our small business owners continue to recover from the pandemic,  Congress must do everything it can to ensure access to quality  entrepreneurial development resources.    Underscoring the need for this bill, a recent study in partnership  with the Association of Women's Business Centers found that profits for  female business owners dropped by 26 percent from 2020 to 2021, with  average profits of about $47,000 less than male-owned firms.   The economic pressures of the pandemic have hit women-owned  businesses particularly hard, including increasing operating expenses  due to supply chain disruptions and rising costs.   As an entrepreneur myself, I recognize the challenges women business  leaders face every day and especially in this moment. It is why I stand  before you to talk about the importance of passing the Women's Business  Centers Improvement Act.   This legislation will make needed improvements to the Small Business  Administration's successful Women's Business Center program. The bill  will also strengthen the Office of Women's Business Ownership and will  improve coordination between the Association of Women's Business  Centers and the SBA.   Furthermore, this legislation allows Congress to increase funding for  Women's Business Center programs, which I have been proud to advocate  for with my colleague, Representative Marie Newman.   With these additional resources, the SBA will be able to advise and  train more women entrepreneurs. I have seen the demand for such  programs right in my community of Chester and Berks Counties.   In fact, this bipartisan effort is especially impactful for our  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which has one of the highest numbers of  women-owned businesses in the Nation. The time is now to build on that  success.   I thank Small Business Committee Chair Velazquez and Ranking Member  Luetkemeyer again for helping to bring this important bill to a vote  before the House today. I urge my colleagues to join me and vote  ``yes'' today on this bipartisan bill to support our small business  owners.   