 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  House Concurrent Resolution 70, which condemns any and all threats of  violence against HBCUs and expresses our support for their staff,  faculty, and students.   Over the past few weeks, several HBCUs across the country were  subjected to anonymous, unacceptable threats of violence on their  campuses. These threats disrupted campus, obstructed classes, and  struck fear into the HBCU community.   HBCUs were originally established to offer Black students an equal  opportunity for higher education, free from racial discrimination and  intimidation. Now, these institutions offer among the most competitive  educations in the country and have produced some of our brightest  leaders. This growth is certainly a sign of progress--but the  prevalence of these threats is a solemn reminder that we still have  work to do.   Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  House Resolution 881, which condemns the recent terrorist attack on  Congregation Beth Israel in Colleyville, Texas.   And I want to thank my colleague from North Texas, Congresswoman Van  Duyne, for introducing this legislation.   Just two months ago, an armed and dangerous terrorist entered the  Congregation Beth Israel Synagogue and took Rabbi Charlie Cytron-Walker  and three other members hostage. An eleven-hour standoff ensued, but  thanks to the leadership of Rabbi Cytron-Walker and the bravery of law  enforcement on the ground, everyone was able to escape without physical  harm.   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, tragedies like this are becoming all too  common. Jewish Americans make up about 2 percent of our country's  population, but hate crimes against them make up 55 percent of anti- religious hate crimes.   Congress must do more, and we must do it urgently. That's why I was  proud to sign on to a letter to the House Appropriations Committee that  supports funding for FEMA's Nonprofit Security Grant Program. This  program provides critical assistance to communities of faith in order  to secure and shield their places of worship from attacks.   But beyond any legislative action, we must also come together to  condemn the hateful and divisive rhetoric that inspires these types of  attacks. We all deserve the right to worship freely and safely, without  fear of violence or retribution.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution and, in  doing so, reaffirm our deep and unwavering support for the Jewish  community.   