 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Kentucky who has  done a masterful job, along with Chairwoman Maloney, on this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3076, the Postal  Service Reform Act.   The Postal Service is projected to lose $160 billion over the next 10  years as mail volume decreases and costs continue to increase. If  nothing changes, the Postal Service will run out of cash in 2024 and  plead for another taxpayer bailout.   This bill, coupled with Postmaster General DeJoy's 10-year reform  plan, will return the Postal Service to a more sustainable path. It  provides additional transparency mechanisms to help hold the Postal  Service accountable for meeting its goals and ultimately lead its  management to operate more efficiently.   It also allows the Postal Service to choose the most economic reform  of transportation, rather than using outdated rules that are not  tailored to the modern needs of the Postal Service.   The Postal Service Reform Act allows the Postmaster General to make  two financial reforms that are key to the 10-year reform plan. It  allows for Medicare integration and the elimination of the pre-funding  obligations.   Last Congress, I requested a recorded vote on H.R. 2382, the USPS  Fairness Act, and I voted ``no'' on that bill because I believe it is  irresponsible for the Postal Service to shed its pre-funding  obligations without making needed reforms so that taxpayers are not  asked to repeatedly bail it out.   Now I am pleased to say the Postal Service Reform Act delivers those  substantial and badly needed reforms to the Postal Service, such that  its fiscal stability will be restored. Even the Congressional Budget  Office notes that this bill would save taxpayers nearly $1.5 billion  over the next 10 years. This keeps the Postal Service solvent, and  eliminates the need for further postal bailouts.   Common ground is illusive in this body, Madam Speaker. I am proud to  say that the bill before us today is truly a bipartisan step in the  right direction to help the Postal Service fulfill its mission for  years to come.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   