 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Keep Kids Fed  Act, which provides vital funding to ensure our children are fed  healthy meals over these next few summer months--and that schools and  daycares are supported throughout the school year.   As one of the wealthiest nations in the world, no child should go  hungry. Yet far too many children struggle with hunger in this country.  This is a tragedy. For more than 22 million children who rely on school  breakfast and lunch programs, summer vacation means worrying about when  they will eat next.   We all know that hunger can have lifelong consequences for children-- making it more difficult to learn . . . play . . . and connect with  kids their age. Kids who go hungry during summer often start school  behind, which can lead to serious health concerns like developmental  delays . . . chronic illness . . . and mental health issues. They are  at higher risk for anemia, asthma, diabetes--and more likely to  experience anxiety and depression.   So, I am pleased that we have reached a bipartisan agreement on  extending school meal waivers until the summer's end and continues to  support schools and daycares throughout the year. These child nutrition  waivers are a lifeline to schools, children, and hardworking families  across the country.   During the pandemic, school meals were a lifeline to students-- providing them with healthy meals whether they were attending school in  person or virtually. They have been a critical component of our  nation's response to this pandemic. But schools continue to face a  variety of challenges, including supply chain disruptions, labor  shortages, serving meals safely, and rising food prices. Waivers have  been vital this school year to support school nutrition. And extending  the waivers is the path forward to ensure all children have access to  nutritious school meals over the summer months that they need to learn  and thrive.   As I have said from the start--failure is not an option. And we need  to get a deal across the finish line. It is our responsibility to  ensure that our children do not go hungry. School meal waivers have  given stability to hundreds of children who prior to this program,  likely did not know where their next meal was coming from.   I am disappointed that House Republicans insisted on an offset. We  need to feed children in this country--and that should never be up for  debate.   With that, I am proud of this bill and the impact I know it will  have--providing school workers . . . parents . . . and caregivers with  the security of knowing that the children they care for will be fed  through the summer.   So, I am voting in favor of this critical legislation--and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   