 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  6552, the ``Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and  Protection Reauthorization Act of 2022.   H.R. 6552 is a bipartisan initiative to bolster programs and provide  critical funding to combat human trafficking.   I would like to thank Congressman Chris Smith, for authoring today's  legislation, and Congresswoman Karen Bass, for co-leading this  initiative to take important steps in preventing trafficking and  protecting the most vulnerable among us.   This bill will effectively reauthorize the historic Trafficking  Victims Protection Act of 2000.   H.R. 6552 will provide more than $1 billion over five years to  support education, restorative care, and other programs that protect  victims of human trafficking.   This includes strengthening the Frederick Douglass Human Trafficking  Prevention Education Grants created in the Frederick Douglass Act of  2018.   Frederick Douglass Prevention Education grants work to prevent online  grooming and trafficking of children through trauma-informed approaches  and programs.   H.R. 6552 will also authorize the Secretary of Health and Human  Services to carry out a Human Trafficking Survivors Employment and  Education Program to prevent the re-exploitation of eligible  individuals who have been victims of trafficking.   The program will provide job-related skills training, life-skill  training programs, assistance with enrollment in college or technical  school, and other programs and services to help individuals achieve  selfsufficiency.   H.R. 6552 commits to fighting human trafficking both domestically and  internationally.   Today's bill will also reauthorize ``International Megan's Law'' to  track convicted sex offenders living abroad and returning to the U.S.  after living in foreign countries. It goes further by adding  accountability for U.S. Federal and foreign governments, hotels, and  airlines with anti-trafficking training and codes of conduct.   My record in Congress reflects my longstanding, deep commitment to  fighting human trafficking.   While drafting the major update of the Violence Against Women's Act  (VAWA), I added human trafficking provisions that address more  resources and tools to aid local law enforcement and advocacy groups to  assist victims and seek justice for them.   I also introduced H.R. 128, the RAISE Act, which directs the Attorney  General to create a pilot youth diversion program for youth that have  been the victims of abuse, sex or drug trafficking, or other violent  conduct, and for whom the criminal conduct is due in whole or in part  to that victimization.   Texas has the second-highest number of reported cases of human  trafficking in the nation. In 2020, the National Human Trafficking  Hotline reported a total of 987 human trafficking cases in Texas.   This statistic is only a fraction of the actual number of cases since  human trafficking is difficult to detect and measure. Researchers from  the University of Texas have found that more than 300,000 people are  victims of some sort of human trafficking each year in Texas.   The Department of Justice declared Houston as one of the largest hubs  in the nation for human trafficking.   Human trafficking is modern-day slavery and a global problem.   Today's legislation provides the necessary additional support to  victims of human trafficking. It goes further by enforcing preventative  measures to help ensure victims are not trafficked again.   H.R. 6552 programs are dedicated to education and offer innovative  practices to help survivors navigate the pathway to self-sufficiency  and recovery.   Too often women and girls who are victims of trafficking are arrested  for crimes associated with their victimization, but they are treated as  criminals and not victims in need of services.   I find these practices to be heinous, disgusting, and unconscionable.   A victim who has just been forced into the most vile, vicious, and  vulnerable reality of being trafficked must not be treated as a  criminal, just like the person who trafficked her.  [[Page H7089]]    It is almost inconceivable that this continues to occur in modern-day  America. Yet, it is the actual reality for millions of trafficked  women.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R.  6552.   