 Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand today with  my friends and colleagues as we mark the 105th anniversary since United  States citizenship was granted to the people of Puerto Rico. In many  ways, today is a joyous day in recognition of the decades of activism  undertaken by our Puerto Rican sisters and brothers.   Yet, amidst the celebration, it is also an acknowledgement that for  too long we have treated Puerto Rico and her residents as second-class  citizens with laws and policies that put them at a real disadvantage.  The residents of Puerto Rico, more than 3 million strong, pay Federal  taxes, are U.S. citizens with U.S. passports and U.S. currency, and  they have long served bravely in our military, just ask any  Borinqueneer who fought valiantly in the Korean war.   Yet, the people of Puerto Rico continue to be denied equal rights,  including voting representation in the United States Congress. This  inequality has real consequences. As we saw so vividly in the aftermath  of Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico faced injustices that no U.S. State  would ever endure.   These inequities exist not only when it comes to recovery assistance,  it can be seen in tax and Medicare inequities. Put simply, these  disparities are un-American. A stronger political voice can help remedy  that.   Today, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues in calling for what  has been long overdue: statehood for Puerto Rico.   In 2020, Puerto Ricans voted overwhelmingly in support of statehood.  The Puerto Rican people should be given a chance to cast a vote where  those results will be respected. Now is the time for us to listen  loudly and clearly to the calls from the Puerto Rican people. It is a  matter of civil rights both on the island and in the greater diaspora.   Legislators on both sides of the aisle understand how crucial it is  that we fully support this effort, and I am proud to work with my  friend, Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon, and was proud to work for many years  with her predecessor, now Governor, Pedro Pierluisi. Today is proof of  that.   Puerto Ricans have made their desire for statehood clear, and  Congress must follow suit. I will continue fighting for statehood to  ensure that every citizen's voice is heard and to give respect to the  Puerto Rican people that is long overdue.   As we commemorate this 105th anniversary of citizenship for Puerto  Ricans, let us remember that Puerto Rican statehood is a long overdue  step toward equality and democracy for all. You cannot have true  equality without full representation. We will be a better and stronger  Nation when we include Puerto Rico as our 51st State.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Madam Speaker, I would like to recognize at this  time and yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings).   