 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 3525, a  bill I authored to establish a commission to study the potential  creation of a National Museum of Asian Pacific American History and  Culture.   I want to first thank Chairman Grijalva and Ranking Member Westerman  of the House Committee on Natural Resources, Congressman Bentz, and  Chairman Neguse and Ranking Member Fulcher of the Subcommittee on  National Parks, Forests, and Public Lands for their work with me on  bringing this bill to the floor.   Second, I thank Speaker Pelosi, Leader Hoyer, and Whip Clyburn for  their support on this historic legislation. I also acknowledge and  thank Chairperson Lofgren of the Committee on House Administration for  her support in moving this bill forward.   I first introduced this bill in the 114th Congress, and during that  Congress, we witnessed the opening of the National Museum of African  American History and Culture that our former colleague, the legendary  John Lewis, spearheaded for decades.   Since then, we have seen legislation establishing the National Museum  of the American Latino and the Smithsonian American Women's History  Museum signed into law.   Our communities and caucuses have stood together in each of these  efforts, and it is a joy to see this AAPI museum study bill arrive at  this point today.   America is filled with diverse stories of achievement and moments of  tragedy. Within our shared history, there are countless tales of Asian  Americans and Pacific Islanders, or AAPIs, contributing to every facet  of our Nation.   As far back as the 1700s, AAPIs have shaped American society. From  the Chinese laborers who helped build the transcontinental railroad, a  vital piece of U.S. infrastructure, to the thousands of AAPIs who  fought for fair working conditions for agricultural workers during the  Hawaii sugar strike of 1946, AAPIs have and continue to shape this  Nation's history.   Yet, those contributions are often unheard of and simply forgotten.  It is time to change that. A national museum dedicated to collecting,  preserving, and displaying these tales is long overdue.   Museums provide a space to reflect on our past, assess our present,  and dream of the future that we are working toward.   My bill is one step closer to the creation of a national museum  dedicated to our AAPI American history. The commission established  through this legislation will be comprised of experts in their  respective fields who will be responsible for studying the feasibility  of creating a national museum and providing recommendations to Congress  on whether to, and how to establish a national museum.   Additionally, the commission will study logistical questions of  exhibit curation, fundraising capacity, cost of creating and  maintaining such an institution, and whether or not this museum should  be part of the Smithsonian Institution.   AAPIs are the fastest growing ethnic group in America, and the  contributions of this community have shaped our Nation's  infrastructure, economy, culture, and so much more. We must never  forget that AAPI history is also American history.    Today's consideration of H.R. 3525 is a necessary step to ensure the  full face of American diversity across our entire country is displayed.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation.   