 Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of S. 2293, the  Civilian Reservist Emergency Workforce, or CREW, Act, appropriately  named, which is the Senate companion to legislation I introduced to  protect FEMA reservists. It would protect them from losing their full- time employment when they are called up to assist our communities  during and after disasters.   FEMA reservists have in the past and continue to step up time and  time again when communities need help in the wake of severe storms,  wildfires, and other climate events. We also saw them on the front  lines during the COVID-19 pandemic.   Unlike military reservists, however, FEMA's workforce is not afforded  employment protections during deployment. When these men and women are  answering the call of duty, they shouldn't have to worry about losing  their means of income back home where they can take care of their own  families.   I am proud to lead the House companion to this bill along with my  colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Katko). I thank him for his  leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Congressional Animal  Protection Caucus, I rise in support of S. 4205, the Planning for  Animal Wellness, or PAW Act. This is the Senate companion to  legislation I introduced along with Chairman DeFazio to help protect  our beloved pets during disasters.   When preparing for and responding to disasters, animal welfare often  is not taken into consideration. Sadly, some owners make the risky  decision of refusing to evacuate in order to stay with their pets. We  have seen heartbreaking pictures of people on their roofs during floods  clinging to their animals, along with their children and a few  household possessions.   The PAW Act establishes a FEMA advisory group to align agency  guidance with current best practices in animal welfare for emergency  preparedness. This will ensure first responders and Federal disaster  response workers can help pet owners plan to keep every member of their  family, even the furry and feathered ones, safe during a disaster.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation. I also thank Senators Peters and Johnson for their  leadership on this in the other Chamber. I urge your vote in support.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, based on the bipartisan backing in the House and the  Senate, I think it is appropriate to say we can call this bill a bright  idea. It will make public buildings more energy efficient and ensure  that taxpayer dollars are being spent as judiciously as possible.   Simply put, the BRIGHT Act directs the GSA to procure the most life  cycle cost-effective and energy-efficient lighting in public buildings  to the extent practicable.   Recognizing that each installation is unique, and that technology is  ever changing, this bill doesn't endorse, nor does it prohibit any  specific technology, but rather, guides the GSA to purchase and pursue  the most efficient option which will save millions when fully  implemented.   For example, simply replacing compact fluorescent downlight lamps and  linear fluorescent lamps with LEDs could save taxpayers up to $15.6  million every year.   I am proud to sponsor the House companion to this House Resolution  that is led by Senators Peters and Johnson. It promotes taxpayer  savings at all levels of government and is good for the planet.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.   