 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support getting Americans  the help that they need.   More than one in five 911 calls involve mental health or substance  use crises. That amounts to millions of calls per year.   To keep these Americans safe, we need to connect them to healthcare.  It is wasteful, hurtful, and a travesty of justice to criminalize  people in mental health crises rather than deliver care.   One in four fatal law enforcement encounters ends the life of someone  with mental illness. We cannot improve public safety without giving our  communities a better response system for mental health crises.   My bill, the Mental Health Justice Act, funds local communities to  create specialized mental health response units. Made up of trained  health professionals, these units can be dispatched to respond to  emergency calls for mental health. That way, people in crisis can get  the care they need; police officers can focus on crime, including  stopping violent crime and other core law enforcement duties; and our  communities get another tool to address our mental health crisis.   The Mental Health Justice Act has widespread support from advocacy  organizations fighting for mental health and civil rights because this  approach works. In cities that already have these programs across the  country, we see incredible, positive results and support from local law  enforcement.   In Orange County, our law enforcement officials support this bill  because their job is already difficult enough. They know their sworn  duty is to prevent and solve crime and hold criminals accountable.  Sending police to mental health situations diverts their attention from  crime fighting. I have heard firsthand from officers who want  specialized mental health response units. This bill empowers police to  stay where they are needed, fighting crime.   At the same time, entangling people in mental health crises in the  criminal justice system or holding them in jail wastes taxpayer dollars  and doesn't deliver on public safety.    When we send police to people in crisis, we fail to get those people  desperately needed healthcare, and we take law enforcement away from  tackling the violent crime that they are trained to take on. This hurts  everyone in our community.   The Mental Health Justice Act is supported by a broad bipartisan  coalition, co-led by my colleague from Orange County, Republican  Michelle Steel, and my colleagues Ayanna Pressley, Tony Cardenas, and  Mary Gay Scanlon.   Keeping Americans safe and healthy is not a partisan issue. I am  proud to champion the Mental Health Justice Act, a tested, effective  solution to promote public safety and well-being for every American.   