 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 3076, the Postal Reform Act. It is my hope that the changes in  this legislation will help the United States Postal Service and its  hardworking employees continue to serve our communities.   Our communities depend on a strong and vibrant Postal Service. The  United States Postal Service reaches into every community of every size  across our nation through its unmatchable delivery network. Over  600,000 hardworking Postal Service employees, nearly a quarter of them  veterans, help the Postal Service carryout its obligations and provide  top quality service to our communities which has helped the Postal  Service consistently rank as one of the most respected institutions.   My constituents, like most Americans, rely on the efficient and  timely delivery of bills, parcels and medication by the Postal Service.  And when asked to do more, our postal workers step up. For example, the  administration recently leaned on the Postal Service to help distribute  at home COVID test kits, given its presence and ability to reach every  community in our country. It is critical that the House take up  legislation to help strengthen the Postal Service. This debate has been  long overdue and so I welcome today's vote. I hope our colleagues in  the Senate will quickly follow suit.   The challenges facing the Postal Service are well known. The adverse  impact of mandates imposed by Congress in 2006 Postal Reform  legislation that have hurt the Postal Service. The declining volume of  first-class mail and associated revenue losses. Policy changes  initiated by the current Postmaster General that has slowed the mail  while raising mailing costs, a recipe for disaster.   At the same time, the Postal Service has an aging vehicle fleet that  becomes more expensive every year to maintain and keep on the road.   The bill before us, while not perfect and not addressing every issue,  would help put the Postal Service on a better path. I fear that every  day of further inaction or delay on legislation such as the Postal  Reform Act would only worsen the situation facing the Postal Service,  its customers, and its employees. And failing to act may only lead to  even more drastic measures and service cuts that will only adversely  impact the millions of Americans and businesses that rely on the USPS.  For example, some have used the current situation to push for ill- advised privatization of the Postal Service.   The Postal Reform Act includes provisions from stand-alone bills that  I support such as preserving six-day mail delivery and repealing the  requirement that the USPS prefund future retirement health benefits.  And it would provide more flexibility for the Postal Service to offer  work with state, local and tribal governments, to explore avenues to  help generate more revenues.   We need a strong and vibrant Postal Service that maintains accessible  services for all in our community. As the most trusted institution in  the federal government and the cornerstone of a trillion dollar plus  industry, the Postal Service and its dedicated postal workforce deserve  every effort on our part to ensure it remains a viable and thriving  institution.   I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this latest  continuing resolution to keep the federal government funded through  March 11, 2022. I commend my good friend, the gentlelady from  Connecticut, Ms. Delaura, the Chair of the Appropriations Committee for  her leadership in helping the House get its funding bills passed last  year and her continued dogged efforts to reach an agreement to finalize  FY 22 funding.   I hope that this is the last CR that this chamber has to consider.  The House passed funding bills provided critical increases for a range  of education, health care, transportation, housing, funding for our  veterans, and other priorities that cannot take effect under a CR.   This includes priorities that I was pleased to work to secure  including additional funding for the TRIO program which helps provides  services to help students not only get to college, but graduate. Other  priorities include programs such as WIC, McKinney-Vento Homeless  Assistance Grants, and funding for school breakfast programs, among  many other programs that this House was able to support in its FY 22  bills.   Additionally, enactment of the final FY 22 funding bills is crucial  to unlocking programs and funding from the Infrastructure Investment  and Jobs Act that passed Congress last fall with bipartisan support in  both chambers.   The House passed some great FY 22 funding bills that will help our  communities, create jobs, and provided long overdue investments. I urge  my colleagues in the Senate to work with us to get these bills over the  line. And soon.   