 Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate execute the order with respect to  H.R. 8982.    Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to my  longtime staff member Jacqlyn Schneider.   After more than 11 years by my side in the Agriculture, Nutrition,  and Forestry Committee, Jacqlyn is starting a new chapter in her  professional career. I have absolutely no doubt that she will excel in  everything that she does because that is the kind of person Jacqlyn is.   In 2011, when I first became chairwoman of the Agriculture,  Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, Jacqlyn joined my team as a senior  professional staff member, and I was so lucky that she did.   She had been working for a Congressman from California, but she was  from Michigan, and so it was great to get this Michigan native working  for our State again. And it was great to have a fellow redhead on the  Agriculture Committee. She quickly became a crucial part of my team.   One of the first things you learn about Jacqlyn is that she is tough.  You definitely don't want her to be on the opposite side of the  negotiating table from you, and I am really lucky she was on my side of  the table.   I will challenge you to find anyone who better understands  agricultural issues, the breadth of agricultural issues, but, in  particular, nutrition.   Jacqlyn is a relentless advocate--a relentless advocate--for  nutrition policies that benefit children, seniors, families. She played  a huge role in our passing the 2014 Farm Bill and the 2018 Farm Bill,  which has, frankly, led to many successes now, even in implementing  those provisions that President Biden has done. Many of those we  celebrated yesterday at a White House conference on hunger, nutrition,  and health.   She is not just technically knowledgeable, she is also unflappable  and politically savvy. America's ag producers and American families  have benefited enormously from her dedication and her hard work.   Some of the fondest memories I have of Jacqlyn are from our 2014 trip  to Africa. It was women members of the Agriculture Committee and a  number of other women Senators--the first, and I think maybe to this  day, the only all-women Senators codel that has been done in the U.S.  Senate.   Over the course of 10 days, we visited five countries on two  continents. Many of our stops were in very rural areas, where we met  with women farmers. It was very inspiring.   The codel focused on food security, global hunger, empowering women  and girls, as well as agricultural trade. Given her deep knowledge of  and passion for these issues, Jacqlyn was an amazing resource for our  Senate delegation.   Jacqlyn, thank you so much for your dedication and years of hard work  on behalf of American agriculture and American families, and--I have to  say--particularly on behalf of Michigan. I am going to miss you as part  of the team, and I wish you incredible success and happiness in your  new venture.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   