 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Perlmutter for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of today's rule. The two bills  in the rule provide for important, long overdue reforms that most  Americans are in favor of. The MORE Act will reform our Federal drug  laws to bring Federal laws in line with the majority of States which  are now legally and responsibly regulating cannabis.   Mr. Speaker, 37 States, including the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,  have successfully legalized medicinal cannabis, creating a thriving,  safe, and legal market for cannabis, creating thousands of jobs and  billions in new tax revenue. This is a rare win-win scenario for  everyone--government, businesses, patients, and consumers.   However, the ongoing conflict between our State and Federal laws  creates daily legal issues for businesses, banks, doctors, and  consumers. The MORE Act will address these problems by removing  cannabis from the Controlled Substances Act. This will allow veterans  to use medicinal cannabis without losing their VA benefits.   It will allow legal businesses to access financial services. It will  allow scientists and government agencies to research cannabis, and it  will not prevent States from regulating or even criminalizing misuse of  cannabis.  [[Page H4027]]    More importantly, the MORE Act includes a comprehensive package of  criminal justice reforms to give a second chance to those whose lives  have been upended by the excesses of the war on drugs.   Mr. Speaker, today's rule also includes the Affordable Insulin Now  Act, which will cap insulin costs at $35. This is a much-needed reform  that will provide financial relief to the millions of Americans who  rely on insulin to manage their diabetes. While I am glad that we are  able to find compromise on capping insulin costs, Americans are  demanding that we pass comprehensive legislation to lower prescription  drug costs for all Americans. And we continue to invite our Republican  colleagues to help us to do that.   Prescription drug prices are way too high. Insulin is ten times more  expensive in the U.S. than in other countries. Across the board,  Americans pay more for their drugs than people in other countries pay  for the exact same drugs. There is no justification for this  difference.    Mr. Speaker, the prescription drug market is broken, and  insulin is just one example of how bad the problem is. We urgently need  prescription drug price reform so all Americans can afford the  medications they need to manage their health.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for today's rule and  the underlying bills when they are considered on the floor.   