 Madam Speaker, it is a privilege to get to be  here sharing this Special Hour with my colleagues. I wish it was about  something else, quite frankly.   I am very, very honored to get to stand here and share the names of  some of these officers to whom we owe an unimaginable debt of  gratitude. So it is a privilege to join the gentleman as we honor the  officers who have laid down their lives for our safety, for our  security, for our families, for our homes, for our businesses, for our  communities.    And to the families and the colleagues of our fallen heroes, I know  words will never be enough. But please, please know that we stand  alongside you in your grief, and we pledge to always remember their  names and to honor their service and their sacrifice.   In just the past couple of weeks, we have tragically lost two brave  Washington State police officers: Pierce County Sheriff's Deputy  Dominic ``Dom'' Calata, and Everett Police Department Officer Dan  Rocha. My heart breaks for the families and the colleagues of these  brave officers as they grapple with this devastating loss.   And I have had the privilege, in this body, of representing my  hometown in Congress, Southwest Washington State, which boasts some  amazing and outstanding police forces and officers, many of whom I have  come to know over the last several years.   Sadly, we too have had multiple officers lost in the line of duty in  the last few years. And I want to take this moment to recognize and  honor those officers here today. I am just going to read their names.   Vancouver Police Officer--which we are going to go from here across.   Vancouver Police Officer Donald Sahota. His end of watch was January  29, 2022.   And then Clark County Sheriff's Sergeant Jeremy Brown. His end of  watch was July 23, 2021.   Washington State Patrol Trooper Justin Schaffer; end of watch, May  24, 2020.   And Cowlitz County Sheriff Deputy Justin DeRosier; end of watch,  April 13, 2019.   And again, to the families and to the colleagues of these officers,  my heart breaks for you, and we are so proud of these officers and what  they have given. We pledge to you to always remember their bravery and  their sacrifice and to honor their memory by standing up for and  supporting the law enforcement that support our communities.   I want to take a moment to say to our men and women in blue, we stand  in solidarity with you; and I will always, always, always, support your  efforts to keep our communities safe.   I recognize it is no easy feat to get up every morning, put on your  uniform, kiss your loved ones goodbye and not know the dangers that  could lie ahead, just in that day. I know this because you have told me  how disheartening it is when people call to abolish or to defund law  enforcement, or when politicians who have no clue what it is like to  walk in your shoes, pass laws that make it more difficult for you to do  your job, which is to protect us, our families, and our communities.   But because of your bravery and commitment to public safety, we are  able to safely live our lives. It is an amazing gift that you give us  and, for that, I humbly thank you.   We are forever grateful for your willingness to serve and protect our  communities, and I look forward to hearing the comments from some of my  other colleagues tonight as we honor your sacrifice and remember your  service.   