 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today regarding President Biden's  nominees to the Federal Reserve. I just came from the Committee on  Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, where we met in order to advance  an extraordinary group of candidates who were nominated to the Federal  Reserve. As our Nation's top economic policymakers, these nominees will  be charged with steering our country through one of the most difficult  environments the Fed has faced in many years. But Republicans have  decided to block any attempt for the Banking Committee to consider this  group. Why? Because they object to one of the nominees, whom they have  pummeled with particularly desperate attacks.   Professor Sarah Bloom Raskin will bring deep experience to the role  of the Fed's Vice Chair for Supervision. During the height of the 2008  financial crisis, she was on the frontlines as the State of Maryland's  top financial regulator. As our country slogged through the aftermath  of the crisis, Professor Raskin was a Governor of the Federal Reserve,  facing difficult policy decisions as she worked to help families  rebuild. She then served as Deputy Treasury Secretary, helping to  shepherd our Nation through the postcrash economic expansion--an  expansion that has turned out to be the longest on record right up  until the pandemic struck.   Professor Raskin has unparalleled expertise in both the monetary  policy and financial regulatory components of the job. Few people in  the entire Nation are as qualified for this role as she is.   Now, I understand that Republicans are launching hysterical attacks  on her over climate issues--never mind that her views align with those  of the rest of the nominees; never mind that she has a history of sound  judgment at the Fed; never mind that community bankers have spoken  glowingly of how well she worked with them during a time of great  stress; never mind anything.   The Republicans are also launching bad-faith attacks about ethics  without the facts to back them up. If we are going to discuss ethics,  then let's be clear. Professor Raskin has voluntarily committed to the  strongest ethics standards and postemployment limitations of any  nominee to the Federal Reserve ever.   In fact, each of these nominees has voluntarily committed to stronger  ethics standards, except one--Jerome Powell. That is right--Republicans  on the Banking Committee are united in voting for the only one of the  five Fed nominees we are considering today who has refused to  voluntarily commit to stronger ethics standards. This is particularly  hypocritical because Chair Powell is currently presiding over the  biggest ethics scandal in the Fed's more than century-long history.   We should recognize these attacks on Professor Raskin for what they  are. There is no actual concern about Professor Raskin's ethics or  about her extraordinary qualifications. No. These are bad-faith  attempts to take down a highly qualified candidate who is committed to  actually doing the job of regulating the biggest financial  institutions.   Let's be absolutely clear about what is happening here. When  President Biden decided to renominate Jerome Powell to run the Federal  Reserve, he did so over the objections of myself and others who believe  that a Trump Republican who is a lifelong Wall Street banker and whose  record clearly demonstrates an allergy to financial regulation is a  dangerous choice for the Fed Chair. I lost that argument. And the  President instead extended an olive branch to all of the Republicans in  this Chamber who urged the Democratic President to let Republican Jay  Powell stay on.    What has been the Republican response to that olive branch? They are  lighting that branch on fire. The Republican minority is getting their  preferred Federal Reserve Chair, a member of their party, but they  won't support the President's extraordinarily qualified Vice Chair for  Supervision. Instead, the Republicans are smearing her daily with  unfounded accusations and ugly innuendo.   Now, they are threatening to break the Senate by using a loophole to  blow up the process we all agreed on last year for how to deal with  nominees in this closely divided Senate. The Republicans lack the votes  to block this nomination from going forward, so now they refuse to  participate in the process that they previously agreed to follow in the  hopes that they can prevent a nominee with majority support from  getting a confirmation vote.   If Republican Senators want to boycott the Raskin nomination, that is  their choice, but Democrats are the majority in this body, and we can  choose how to respond. Republicans who want to vote against Raskin are  free to do so, just as I intend to vote against Powell, but we should  not reward this effort to block nominees with majority support from  even receiving votes.   Every one of these five nominees of the Fed should move together and  should get votes on the floor of the Senate. If Republicans refuse to  abide by the spirit of the agreement they made last year, then it is up  to the Democrats to enforce it. We need to advance all five of  President Biden's nominees to the Federal Reserve, and we need to do it  now.   I yield the floor.   