 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I  object.   As chair of the Rules Committee, with oversight of the security of  this Capitol, I share Senator Hagerty's goal and Senator Braun's goal  of ensuring that this building is open and accessible to the public. I  agree with them that it is important to reopen the Capitol, and I  personally can't wait to have my constituents back as well for our  Thursday morning breakfasts. But we must do this in a way that takes  into account the health and safety of everyone who works here and not  just the Senators.   This is a decision for the Capitol Police Board, in consultation with  the medical experts in the Office of Attending Physician.   While the worst of the Omicron surge is behind us--and that is such a  good thing--they have told us there is still work to do. At the same  time--and I think this is one of our challenges as we look at how we  are reopening and how we do it, because I think we will end up doing  this incrementally, and I hope we can start soon--at the same time,  ongoing staffing challenges facing the Capitol Police are an important  consideration that must be managed carefully by the Capitol Police  Board. The Capitol Police are already stretched thin. More than 130  officers have left the force since the January 6 insurrection last  year.   At a Rules Committee hearing that I held with Senator Blunt just last  month, Chief Manger testified that the Department is down 447 officers.  Let me repeat that: 447 officers. The officers who remain have had  vacations canceled and have worked significant overtime. The  Department, as we learned at our oversight hearing--we had two in the  last 3 months--has taken steps--and I personally asked about this,  Senator Hagerty, because I care so much about reopening the Capitol-- they have taken steps to address these shortfalls, including addressing  the number of recruit classes, with the goal of recruiting 280 officers  per year for the next 3 years. That is additional officers. The  Department has also taken steps to retain officers already on the  force, including by issuing retention bonuses and hazard pay.   We took a very important step last summer on a bipartisan basis to  provide funding for security improvements at the Capitol and to ensure  that the Capitol Police have the resources to do their jobs when we  passed the emergency funding bill led by Senator Leahy and Senator  Shelby that the President signed into law. But, as Chief Manger just  said at a public hearing when he explained that we were 447 officers  short--which, of course, means who is the at the doors, what doors are  open, and what backup do they have--he said we still have a ways to go  before he has officers to staff all the posts needed to safely reopen  to the public.   So there is still much more work to do. I, for one, am in favor of  making changes so we can begin the process of reopening as soon as  possible. The Capitol Complex should, of course, reopen so Americans  from across the country can visit and see our democracy at work. We are  simply relying on the health and security experts to ensure that how  and when we do reopen, we do it safely for everyone who works here,  including the staff.   For these reasons, Madam President, I object.   