 Mr. Speaker, today, thousands of veterans struggle with the  health effects of exposure to hazardous substances during their  training or deployment. Congress has an obligation to provide these men  and women with the resources, including healthcare services, they need  to live with dignity.   The Honoring our PACT Act fulfills this duty by streamlining VA  processes to receive care for toxic exposure-related illnesses,  reducing the burden on all veterans. It also takes preemptive measures  to ensure that the VA conducts research to track and identify emerging  toxins. This will ensure that we are proactive in our efforts to  safeguard the health of future veterans.   I am particularly pleased that this bill includes the Camp Lejeune  Justice Act, which gives our servicemembers the opportunity to seek  compensation for exposure to contaminated water at Marine Corps Base  Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.   For decades, marines and their families stationed at this base  unknowingly consumed, bathed in, and used water containing harmful  chemicals and industrial solvents. As a result of their service, many  veterans and their family members now suffer from serious medical  conditions, including cancer and birth defects.   For years, North Carolina law prevented these individuals from  seeking relief in court. The Camp Lejeune Justice Act rights this  wrong, bringing long overdue justice to affected veterans.   The Honoring our PACT Act also creates a registry of veterans exposed  to PFAS, or forever chemicals, from use of fire extinguishing agents in  military installations. I proposed an amendment to this section with my  colleague from North Carolina, Representative Rouzer, which will  require the Department of Defense to study additional sources of PFAS  exposure on military bases and make recommendations to expand  eligibility for toxic exposure benefits accordingly. I am grateful that  this amendment was made in order. We owe our Nation's veterans an  immeasurable debt for putting their lives on the line to defend our  freedom.   Mr. Speaker, I commend the rule and the underlying bill.   