 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee  for yielding.   I am just so happy that we see the Lymphedema Treatment Act on the  floor today.   I thank my colleague on the Republican side, Buddy Carter, for being  a cosponsor of the legislation and helping to put it forward with so  many bipartisan sponsors of the legislation, over 350--what is it,  366?--cosponsors of the bill.   I look forward to passing it in the House today. There are enough  Senators on the other side of the rotunda here that also have  sponsored, so I look forward to it becoming the law of the land.    I thank all the advocates who worked so hard, including Heather  Ferguson, who is the executive director of the Lymphedema Advocacy  Group, and all the people whom she worked with to help make this pass.  Heather is the mother of a son that has lymphedema. I thank all the  constituents who worked so hard to make this happen.   Here is what it is about lymphedema. It is not only painful and  debilitating; it is also incurable. But we are lucky that there  actually is a remedy, a treatment for lymphedema.   Many of you may be familiar with it. You may not have known the name.  Two-thirds of all lymphedema cases develop after cancer treatment. You  see that swelling. But what we don't have is the kind of treatment that  is actually needed.   Currently, Medicare does not cover these important compression  garments, which is what can really help people so very much. My bill  will actually finally expand access to these garments for lymphedema  patients on Medicare.   This will absolutely help the 3 million Americans who have lymphedema  to be able to have some of the relief that they need at a cost that  they can afford. It will also reduce Medicare costs because instead of  these people developing all kinds of other health  [[Page H8471]]  issues, they will be able to be treated with these compression  garments.   Again, I thank Chairman Pallone, Ranking Member Cathy McMorris  Rodgers, Representative Buddy Carter, and all the Members on both sides  of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to endorse this wonderful  bill and vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  I thank so many in the Energy and Commerce Committee for their hard  work. I want to say a special thank-you to Gus Bilirakis, who is the  Republican cosponsor of this very important and bipartisan legislation.  I also want to ditto all the words that he said about this important  bill.    What we know is that the INFORM Consumers Act, H.R. 5502, protects  American consumers when they shop online.   Counterfeit and stolen goods have become readily available on popular  websites like Amazon and Facebook and beyond. As a result, American  consumers face new dangers when they shop online. Counterfeit and  stolen products defraud consumers, and they pose a risk to consumers'  health, their safety, and their security.   Online marketplaces are failing right now to crack down on fraudsters  and scammers. Instead, they actually have fueled high-profile cases of  organized crime rings that are now brazenly hitting retail stores.   We have heard from consumers that Mr. Bilirakis mentioned. Many  retailers are being hurt by this.   These stolen goods too often end up on the online marketplaces, and  the INFORM Consumers Act puts an end to the online sale of dangerous  products and stolen goods and limits criminal behavior.   The bill holds online marketplaces accountable for enabling criminal  activity on their platforms. It requires online marketplaces to verify  the identity of their third-party sellers. Verifying sellers lets  Americans have confidence now, which we want them to have, when they  shop online.   The bill empowers the Federal Trade Commission to enforce compliance  with this bill.   I am grateful to my colleague, Mr. Bilirakis, and to all of those who  have been supporting this legislation to finally protect consumers. I  am proud that this bill has bipartisan support, and I certainly urge  all of my colleagues to support the INFORM Consumers Act, H.R. 5502.  Let's vote for it today.   