 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman who has done so much  extraordinary work in leading the Science Committee and bringing this  forward.   Madam Speaker, I rise with great enthusiasm in support of this  legislation because it is so highly consequential for our country. If  anyone is concerned about supply chains, this legislation is for you.  If we are concerned about inflation as a result of supply chain issues,  we have policies in this that are going to speak to it.   I am very proud that four of my bills are included in the underlying  bill. They deal with chip material and equipment production to the API  that is used for drugs that are manufactured overseas and that we need  to bring back to the United States. We have created a comprehensive  study so that we can really study wireless network cybersecurity and  also to educate the public on best cyber recommendations.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues. This is really  nonpartisan legislation. It is about keeping America competitive,  moving our greatness ahead, making sure we address where we are  lagging. It will be good for our entire country, for its workers, and  our economy.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4521, the  America COMPETES Act, critical legislation to ensure America maintains  its leadership in science and technology on the global stage and  invests where we are lagging.   The legislation includes $52 billion to fund the CHIPS for America  Act, authorizing legislation I was proud to cosponsor last Congress.  Additionally, the America COMPETES Act, includes four of my bills:   (1) Section 10002(a)(1) is based on H.R. 6359, the Investing in  Domestic Semiconductor Manufacturing Act, bipartisan and bicameral  legislation I introduced to bolster American semiconductor production  and supply chains by expanding the eligibility of the programs  authorized under the CHIPS for America Act to include manufacturers of  semiconductor materials and equipment. I thank Rep. Trent Kelly, along  with Senators Gary Peters, Rob Portman, Marsha Blackburn, and Mark  Kelly for partnering with me on this important legislation.   (2) Section 20403 is based on H.R. 6483, the Improved Transparency of  Foreign Drug Manufacturing Act, which is a bill I introduced that  directs the Food and Drug Administration to collect additional  information on drugs and the active pharmaceutical ingredients that are  manufactured overseas every three months instead of annually. This will  help to better identify the drugs that are most dependent on foreign  supply chains. This is legislation that the FDA testified is needed  during a House Health Subcommittee hearing.   (3) Section 20102 is based on H.R. 2685, the Understanding  Cybersecurity of Mobile Networks Act, bipartisan legislation which  requires the National Telecommunications and Information Administration  (NTIA) to conduct a comprehensive study on the cybersecurity  vulnerabilities of our 2G, 3G, and 4G networks. There have been many  one-off reports from agencies, universities, companies, and think  tanks, but we need a comprehensive study on what vulnerabilities exist  and what has been addressed, so that policymakers have the full  picture. I thank Rep. Adam Kinzinger for partnering with me on this  legislation which passed the House on December 1, 2021, as a standalone  bill.   (4) Section 20107 is based on H.R. 4055, the American Cybersecurity  Literacy Act, bipartisan legislation I co-led with Rep. Kinzinger,  along with Senators Amy Klobuchar and John Thune, that requires the  Department of Commerce to conduct a public education campaign to  improve cyber literacy among the American populace. H.R. 4055 passed  the House on December 1, 2021.   I thank Chairman Frank Pallone and Chairwoman Eddie Bernice Johnson  for including an update to the bill in the manager's amendment based on  Rules Amendment No. 57 that I authored.   In addition to the above provisions, I thank the Rules Committee for  making in order three of my amendments for consideration by the House,  and I ask my colleagues to vote for them:   Amendment No. 75, which appears as the new Paragraph (4) of Section  10002(b), amends a requirement in the CHIPS for America Act for an  existing GAO study to include an evaluation of demand-side incentives  (i.e., role of government as a buyer of technology) for alleviating  semiconductor shortages in the information communications and  technology industry and in other industries.   Amendment No. 76 creates a new Section 50105 based on H.R. 6541, the  Improving Cybersecurity of Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Local  Governments Act, which is my bipartisan and bicameral bill that directs  the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency to publish an  annual report to promote evidence-based policies and controls that  small entities (i.e., small businesses, nonprofits, local governments)  may employ to improve cybersecurity. The provision also requires a  Commerce Department annual report on barriers that small entities face  in implementing cybersecurity policies and controls. I thank Reps.  William Timmons, Jamie Raskin, and Ed Case for cosponsoring my  amendment and bill, and I thank Senators Jacky Rosen and John Cornyn  for their leadership on this bill in the Senate.   Amendment No. 77 creates a new Section 3 that directs the President  to ensure that the provisions of the America COMPETES Act which are  aimed at countering the influence of the Chinese Communist Party are  implemented in a manner that does not result in discrimination against  people of Asian descent. I thank Rep. Judy Chu, Chairwoman of  [[Page H828]]  the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, for partnering with me  on this highly important amendment.   The legislation before us is critical for our national security and  economic competitiveness, and I urge my colleagues to support the  legislation.   