 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3648, the Equal  Access to Green cards for Legal Employment, or the EAGLE Act of 2022.   While I, like many others here today, would prefer to see a more  robust approach to fixing our broken immigration system, the bill  before us today is an important step in the right direction. This bill  will have a large impact on many immigrants and notably an overwhelming  impact on Asian immigrant workers who have been historically barred  from applying for U.S. citizenship.   Right now, there are approximately 1.4 million individuals trapped in  our backlogs waiting for available employment-based visas. The vast  majority, as high as 80 percent, are Asian immigrants who are currently  facing waiting times as high as 90 years from India or 44 years from  China.   Critically, the bill also more than doubles the per-country limit on  family-sponsored visas from 7 to 15 percent, bringing relief to the  nearly 4 million people who are forced to languish in limbo due to a  backlogged and broken family-sponsored system. This backlog keeps  families separated; causes birthdays, weddings, and funerals to be  missed; and hampers the ability of immigrants to build their lives here  in the United States while their families are waiting overseas.   Additionally, while not all communities are facing the same impact as  ours, I want to reassure everyone that this bill does not adversely  affect immigrants from other countries and those who do not benefit  directly from these provisions.   Finally, I am proud that this bill does not include the racist anti- Chinese language that was added at the request of former President  Trump to the previous iteration of this bill. Instead, the manager's  amendment before us today simply replicates what is in current law for  all green card applicants.   While I will continue to push forward for more comprehensive action  that addresses many other parts of our immigration system for all  immigrant communities, we must not let the perfect be the enemy of the  good. We must pass this bill today in order to help hundreds of  thousands of immigrants who are stuck in our employment visa backlogs.   