 Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8294, a package of  six appropriations bills.   As we sit here today, inflation is 9.1 percent above last year, the  highest it has been in more than 40 years. Economists recommend that  American households budget an extra $5,000 this year to cover rising  prices. That is over $400 a month. Many families simply can't afford  this.   Under this administration, prices of everyday goods are skyrocketing.  For example, gas prices hit an unprecedented $5 a gallon; energy  services, like electricity and natural gas, are up 19 percent; and  groceries have increased over 12 percent, the highest jump since 1979.   Americans are paying more for just about everything. The social  spending pushed by Members on the other side of the aisle is a key  driver of today's inflation. Simply put, record-high spending by the  government means record-high prices for the American people.  Unfortunately, the bills before us do not reduce spending or reflect  the economic realities we face.   Many of these bills receive double-digit percentage increases,  including a 70 percent increase for Financial Services and General  Government, an 18 percent increase for Interior-Environment, and a 12.2  percent increase for Transportation-Housing and Urban Development.   At a time when Americans are struggling to pay for gas and groceries,  the Federal Government should be reducing spending. We should  prioritize core responsibilities, such as our national security, and we  must cut extravagant social programs.   In addition to my concerns about funding levels, the policies  proposed in these bills do not reflect a bipartisan agreement. In  particular, the bills before us today drop longstanding pro-life  protections that prevent taxpayer funding for abortions. The bills  allow for the closure and transfer of dangerous criminals from  Guantanamo Bay to the United States and worsen our Nation's energy  crisis.   Just a few months ago, we were able to come to an agreement and enact  the fiscal year 2022 appropriations bills. Those bills continued  longstanding policies supported in the past by Members of both parties  and drop new controversial provisions. I hope we will be able to do the  same this year so that those bills can get to the President's desk and  be signed into law.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Idaho (Mr. Simpson), the ranking member of Energy and Water  Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart), the ranking member of the Transportation,  and Housing and Urban Development Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Chair, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Joyce), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris), who is the acting ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Chairman, as I said before, the bills before us do  not reflect the economic realities we face. At a time of record-high  inflation, the Federal Government should be reducing not increasing  spending. The priorities included in these bills are simply out of  touch with what the American people need.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Womack), the ranking member of the Financial Services and General  Government Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the Republican leader.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. Moore).    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Stauber).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in opposition to the en bloc package of amendments. These 46  amendments do nothing to reduce inflation, fix the supply chain, lower  gas prices, or bolster our national security. Instead, these amendments  continue the majority's trend of inflationary spending increases,  including a proposal to increase mandatory spending by another $1  billion, just one example of excess spending.   The Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Office receives an  enormous 25 percent increase in this bill, and this en bloc package  would increase it even more.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle must understand  Americans will not stand for bloated bureaucracy and runaway spending.   Mr. Chair, I urge Members to vote ``no'' on this en bloc package, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Valadao), a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Rose).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this en bloc package of  amendments. These 29 amendments include excess funding and policies  that expand the scope and reach of the Federal Government. They do this  while also limiting our country's energy options and allowing funding  for President Biden's executive order on abortion.   Again, Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this en bloc package, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   