 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership in bringing this important legislation to  the floor.   Mr. Speaker, in his outstanding State of the Union Address earlier  this month, President Joe Biden presented Democrats' visionary agenda  to build a better America with lower healthcare costs for American  families, and with justice in all that we do.   House Democrats have long led the charge to lower the costs of  prescription drugs. So it is with great pride that the Democratic House  today will advance one of the pillars of this vision: capping the cost  of insulin at $35 a month. In doing so, we take another important step  in the fight to bring down drug prices across the board for every  American family.   I thank the lead sponsors of this legislation who have been  relentless, dissatisfied, and persistent in this fight: Congresswoman  Angie Craig, Congressman  Dan Kildee, and Congresswoman Lucy McBath of  Georgia.   I salute the chairs of the committees of jurisdiction for helping  steer this vital legislation to the floor: Chairman Frank Pallone of  the Committee on Energy and Commerce, Chairman Richie Neal of the  Committee on Ways and Means, and Chairman  Bobby Scott of the Committee  on Education and Labor.   Everyone knows that the cost of insulin--a lifesaving drug that has  been around for a century--is outrageous and out of control. That cost  is outrageous and out of control. On average, Americans pay more than  10 times for insulin compared to what consumers around the world pay.  Here in the United States the price of insulin skyrocketed by 54  percent from 2014 to 2019. Meanwhile, Big Pharma is reaping record- breaking profits; producing insulin at about $10 a vial, while charging  families up to 30 times that amount.   This affordability crisis is taking a severe human toll. One in four  Americans who rely on insulin have been forced to ration or skip their  dose--a practice that can be dangerous and even deadly. And working  parents with a family member on insulin are reporting higher levels of  stress and anxiety and are often forced to choose between paying their  bills and protecting the health of a loved one.   Indeed, across the country, as I have said on this floor before, I  have seen grown men cry about how they cannot meet their family's needs  when it comes to prescription drugs. This crisis is a kitchen-table  issue for millions of families, and it is a medical, economic, and  moral imperative that Congress take action.   The Affordable Insulin Now Act not only requires Medicare and  commercial users to cover lifesaving insulin on their plans, but also  caps the out-of-pocket costs for families at $35 per month. In doing  so, we put more money back in the pockets of hardworking families and  vulnerable seniors. This is crucial right now, as so many Americans  struggle to keep up with the burdensome, everyday costs. Of course,  this has even been exacerbated with COVID which has, in many instances,  spread diabetes more.   House Democrats proudly passed a cap on insulin's cost in the Build  Back Better legislation last year. We already did this last year.  Today, we, again, take this strong step toward lower health costs for  the people. To be clear, comprehensive reform is urgently needed to  lift the crushing burden of prescription drug prices weighing on our  families.   Democrats will never ever relent, Mr. Speaker, until we realize our  longstanding goal of lowering drug prices across the board. And we are  continuing our fight to empower Medicare to negotiate lower drug  prices--we have been working on that for decades--and make these lower  prices available to Americans with private insurance, too.    We do so in honor of the late Chairman Elijah Cummings, the North  Star in Congress and a relentless warrior for lower drug prices, with  the Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, this rule applies not just to lowering the  cost of insulin but also to the very important MORE Act.   I also rise today in support of this urgent legislation that will  help pave the path toward racial and economic justice.   I thank Chairman Jerry Nadler for his steadfast voice for equity and  opportunity for all at the helm of the Judiciary Committee.   I salute Congressman Ed Perlmutter for his tireless and longstanding  leadership on this issue, a relentless persistence to satisfy, as the  gentleman says. Thank heaven, we are passing it today.   I also want to commend Congresswoman Barbara Lee and Congressman Earl  Blumenauer for their persistence as well.   For far too long, Mr. Speaker, failed Federal drug policies have torn  apart families and devastated communities of color. People of color are  four times more likely to be arrested on cannabis charges and are often  targeted for longer prison terms than others. Tragically, the  communities most harmed by criminalization are benefiting the least  from the legal cannabis marketplace as prior cannabis convictions are  barring too many of them from entering the industry. As a result, only  one-fifth of cannabis businesses are minority owned, and only 4 percent  of owners are Black. Meanwhile, more than 600,000 Americans are still  arrested each year on cannabis charges, threatening to perpetuate this  vicious cycle.   With the MORE Act, which the Democratic House proudly passed last  Congress, we take strong actions to correct these injustices.   This landmark legislation is one of the most important criminal  justice reform bills in recent history: delivering justice for those  harmed by the brutal and unfair consequences of criminalization;  opening the doors of opportunity for all to participate in this rapidly  growing industry; and decriminalizing cannabis at the Federal level so  we do not repeat the grave mistakes of our past.   Those of us from California take pride in our State's long leadership  in this justice effort, and in recent years,  [[Page H4031]]  46 more States have reformed cannabis laws. As the distinguished  gentleman from Colorado mentioned in his remarks, 47 States have taken  this act. Now it is time for the Federal Government to follow suit.   Both of the bills that the House will pass today that are covered by  this rule, the insulin bill and the MORE Act, are overwhelmingly  popular with the American people, and they represent strong steps  toward building a brighter and fairer future for our children.   Mr. Speaker, I urge strong, bipartisan ``yes'' votes on both bills  and on the rule.   