 Madam President, reserving the right to object, no one  could be more disappointed than myself in the fact that we don't have a  conference report before us at this point in time.   With so many different committees and the four corners working to  resolve so many issues, I had hoped that we would get over the goal  line and be here with that conference report.   Unfortunately, events overtook us and objectives of the calendar and  a variety of issues that narrowed the discussion we have before us  today to two focus points: one, the Science Committee's work with the  Commerce Committee in the Senate and language that basically would  incent the semiconductor industry.   And our colleagues voted to proceed on those two measures, and there  was a lot of discussion on what the definition of a ``skinny bill''  was. Not sure, exactly--I mean, I know a lot of the events that got us  to that discussion.   But I will say to my colleague that he is correct. When USICA left  the U.S. Senate, it included this language, and this language was very  much debated in conference, and it was part of the jurisdiction of  several committees, but primarily the HELP Committee, whose content is  now not part of the legislation we are considering.   So I am hopeful that we will get those committees that have  jurisdiction over this language to rectify their differences between  the House and the Senate, but that is what four corners is. It is  rectifying these issues between the House and the Senate, and I hope  that my colleague will work with me on a conference that will continue  after this point.   I hope that we get this legislation done, and then I hope that we  literally return to finish up the rest of the conference work because  there are so many important issues, like this, that we should include  in the legislation.   So I hope my colleague will continue to work with us, knowing that  these are not all of the issues that had been discussed, but a more  narrow issue.   So, therefore, I object.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I say  to my colleague from Ohio that I know how hard he and Senator Peters  from the Homeland Security Committee have worked on this language. I  know because I have consulted with them many times over the last month  and a half, wondering about its progress and wondering about various  issues involving people on both sides of the aisle to resolve what they  were concerned about in definitions. I, too, felt like the Senators'  hard work and language had gotten to a point where it could be included  in a package of legislation.   We were very, very hopeful that the various committees' work--that of  the Finance Committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, the HELP  Committee--the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee--the  Intel Committee work, and the work that we just discussed from the  Homeland Security Committee--could all be included in a conference  report. So the words ``pins down'' did not come from my side of the  aisle. The words ``pins down'' did not happen. For me, I have been  doing nothing but diligently working with all of my colleagues--most of  the time when they don't agree--in trying to get them to agree.   I very much appreciate the subject at the heart of what Senator  Portman's work is. He is trying to say to us that we have to understand  the reality of the world that we live in now and make sure that we are  protecting all of our research dollars as we move forward.   Again, it wasn't my decision to decide the narrowness of this bill.  It wasn't my decision to say that these are the two subject areas that  people are going to include. I know because I thanked the Senator for  his help in getting the Science Committee's legislation included in  this package. But you could see that even that was a very tough lift in  that there were a lot of people around here who didn't want to do that.   So I say to my colleague from Ohio that I am going to work with him  in whatever capacity to get this language accepted.   Now he is saying that he has streamlined this language from,  probably, what the four corners has agreed to. I do know that the  Senator worked very hard trying to get a four-corner agreement from the  Science Committee, which we didn't have, to include this language. And  why? Because there had been a big fight in the House between the  Science Committee and their Homeland Security Committee about what this  language said. Then you had the Judiciary Committee weighing in in both  the House and the Senate as to what this language said. Since all of  those people have been part of that discussion, that part of the four  corners did not happen.   My colleague is earnest, and his work is real. The reports that he is  referring to in the Homeland Security Committee are real, and we should  honor them and honor that work. I am committed to getting that  legislation passed, and we will confer with the Senator from Ohio about  where that goes and if it goes in the conference report because I am  committed to finishing the conference report, because as I said, the  Finance Committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, the HELP Committee,  the Judiciary Committee, and your Homeland Security Committee--five  committees--would still all like to have language as part of this  conference report.   While we aren't able to cover every aspect of this jurisdiction, I am  very hopeful that our colleagues will take the impetus of this  legislation's passing and double down on getting the rest of the  conference report done and signed and on the President's desk. Then we  will have a robust policy, not just the incentives, not just the R&D  but a variety of issues addressed as they relate to our  competitiveness.   So I will continue to work with my colleague from Ohio on this  important language and with all of my colleagues on those various  committees who have asserted their interest on this subject, but at  this time, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if Senator  [[Page S3678]]  Scott of Florida makes a budget point of order and a motion is made to  waive, at 4:55 p.m. today, the Senate vote on a motion to waive the  budget point of order; further, that if Senator Sanders raises a budget  point of order and a motion to waive is made, that at 11:30 a.m.  tomorrow, Wednesday, July 27, all postcloture time expire and any  remaining amendments except Senate amendment No. 5135 be withdrawn and  the Senate vote on the motion to waive the Sanders point of order and  the motion to concur with respect to H.R. 4346, with an amendment;  further, that following the vote, the Senate resume consideration of  the message to accompany S. 3373, the PACT Act, and notwithstanding  rule XXII, at 4:30 p.m., the Senate vote on the motion to invoke  cloture on the motion to concur, all without further intervening action  or debate.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 404(b) of the fiscal  year 2010 budget resolution, S. Con. Res. 13 of the 111th Congress, as  amended by S. Con. Res. 11 of the 114th Congress, I move to waive  section 404 of S. Con. Res. 13 for purposes of the pending measure and  ask for the yeas and nays.   