 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1097, I call  up the bill (H.R. 7691) making emergency supplemental appropriations  for assistance for the situation in Ukraine for the fiscal year ending  September 30, 2022, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Additional Ukraine Supplemental  Appropriations Act, which provides $40.1 billion in much-needed  emergency security, economic, and humanitarian aid to support the  Ukrainian people and defend global democracy in the wake of Russia's  unprovoked attack on Ukraine.   For nearly 3 months now, Putin's greed, growing aggression, and  unyielding pursuit of power have led to grievous loss of life and  humanitarian devastation. The cruelty against innocent civilians at the  hands of Putin and his cronies is devastating. The images of the  violence and terror coming from Ukraine should horrify us all.   Entire cities are being demolished. Ukraine's democracy is being  undermined every single day. Women and girls are being sexually abused  by cruel Russian soldiers. Hospitals and universities, which should be  safe havens, are being intentionally attacked. War crimes are being  carried out every single day as part of a deeply dangerous pattern of  extensive shootings, torture, and other violent crimes. Thousands of  innocent children and their families have been brutally murdered. As a  result, nearly 6 million Ukrainians have been forced to flee their  country, and another 6\1/2\ million have been displaced inside war-torn  Ukraine.   Given the magnitude of the terror campaign being waged against the  Ukrainian people and Ukrainian democracy, we are morally obligated to  ensure the brave Ukrainian fighters and the Ukrainian people have the  security and economic aid that they need. I am proud to be standing  here today in support of a bill that does just that.   This legislation invests strongly to support Ukraine's dire efforts  to defend itself by keeping weapons and ammunition flowing without  interruption. With $6 billion for the Ukraine Security Assistance  Initiative, we will provide the equipment, training, and weapons that  the Ukrainian military and national security forces need to continue to  protect the Ukrainian people. And at the same time, we are providing  additional support for Ukraine and our allies and partners in the  region as they continue to build and update their capabilities.   But we know very well that Russia's invasion is not only a threat to  Ukraine's physical security, but also a threat to the very core of  Ukrainian and global democracy. This bill will invest in critical  economic assistance to help Ukraine protect its democracy by ensuring  the continuity of its democratic government, by countering human  trafficking, and by fighting dangerous Russian lies.   But the impact of this war does not end there. The prolonged invasion  has taken an immense toll globally, where people the world over are  suffering from a growing food insecurity and the rising costs of food.  To address this devastating reality, we are providing more than $5  billion in emergency food assistance and support for agricultural  development. As we support the fight against Russian aggression, those  struggling to put food on the table, the most vulnerable people around  our world deserve our support.   And none of the devastation caused would have been possible without  help from Putin's cronies. For that reason, the funding in this bill  will continue efforts to hold them accountable for the terror they have  caused the people of Ukraine. With funds to seize, retain, and sell the  forfeited property of Russia's criminal kleptocrats who enable Putin's  regime war crimes, this bill ensures that we are one step closer to  making them pay the full price for their actions. And in the process,  we will be standing firmly with the Ukrainian people while combating  the exploitation of Ukraine's vulnerable financial system.   For those Ukrainians who managed to find refuge at our borders, this  bill provides funds to expand support services that will make sure they  feel safe here as they search for peace and for freedom.   We are providing funds for trauma care, housing assistance, case  management, English language classes, and for screenings, vaccinations,  and ongoing public health surveillance.   The Ukrainian people are in desperate need of our support, and  Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues to threaten peace and democracy  around  [[Page H4779]]  the globe. This bill will protect democracy, limit Russian aggression,  and strengthen our own national security while, most importantly,  supporting Ukraine. We have no room to fail and must act swiftly and  decisively.   The Members of this body came together quickly in March to provide  critical security and economic support for the people of Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, while I am saddened and angry that we have to be here  again today, Russia's continued aggression and this vicious invasion  require us to act decisively in support of Ukraine, our allies in the  region, and the millions of others suffering as a result of this war.   We need to protect global democracy, limiting Russian aggression in  the longer term, and strengthening our own national security. Failure  is not an option.   For those critical reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the chairwoman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Energy and Water Development, who has been a leader leading the effort  and the fight to make sure that we help to preserve democracy in  Ukraine and to really be responsive to the Ukrainian people.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), the chairwoman of the Appropriations Subcommittee  on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee  on Defense.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Granger for her support for this  effort. As the Speaker pointed out, this has been a bipartisan measure  since we moved on March 8. I also thank Chairman Rogers for speaking  here tonight as well.   The world must see that we are united in our support of Ukraine. I  think the Ukrainian people--they need us. They are in desperate need of  our support. Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues to threaten peace  and democracy around the globe, and Vladimir Putin must be held  accountable.  [[Page H4782]]    Why is there an unprovoked attack on a sovereign Nation whose only  desire is to be free, to be a democracy, to associate itself with the  West? Why is that a provocation for being invaded, for the massive  destruction that Ukraine is undergoing at the moment? Again, Vladimir  Putin and his cronies must be held accountable.   This bill does that by protecting democracy, limiting Russian  aggression, and strengthening our own national security. We must act  swiftly and decisively tonight. We have not seen such a mobilization of  support around the world for an ally since World War II. I am so proud  that that mobilization has been led by a United States President,  President Biden.   It is a moral obligation. It is a moral responsibility. We can't sit  by and watch news day-in and day-out seeing the massive destruction  that is being wrought on Ukraine and its citizens. President Zelenskyy  said: Light will overcome darkness. And our job is to help to provide  the light.   I think it was stirring when you had, in Moscow, victory day, and  President Putin with his extraordinary display of power. Then watching  President Zelenskyy walk down the street of Kyiv on his own by himself,  an extraordinary leader who needs to know--and I think he does know-- that the United States and the world is there to support his efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Hoyer), the majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, we were together, as I said earlier on  March 8, in support of Ukraine. Let us be together tonight in support  of Ukraine.   Let us tell Vladimir Putin that the United States is leading the  world in support of Ukraine on behalf of the Ukrainian people. Let him  understand that he is alone in this world and needs to pay a price for  this outrageous invasion and unprovoked attack on a sovereign nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   