 All right. Thank you, Senator Blunt.   Mr. President, I have to say this has been a wonderful partnership  and a wonderful journey now for, gosh, almost 10 years, I think, since  we originally started talking about the idea that we should be funding  healthcare above the neck the same as healthcare below the neck as part  of the healthcare system. And that is your ``stop and start'' grants,  when we have community health centers that are so wonderful for  physical health. And so we have done that.   I do want to, before going into the substance, give a shout-out,  though--because we are not the only ones who have been working for  almost 10 years--to our wonderful staff: Alex Graf, on my staff, who  has been working on this legislation for 8 of those years, and Caitlin  Wilson, on your staff, who was amazing, and I understand recently  stolen by Senator Cornyn. And so she has continued her work. But so  many people have worked with us that we are very grateful to, including  the main authors and the folks who have put this bill together, like  Senator Cornyn, who has been such a strong supporter of what has become  an evidence-based quality initiative. We don't have to make something  up. When folks say, ``What do you want to do about mental health care  or addiction care,'' we actually have a proven model now. And also to  Kyrsten Sinema and to Chris Murphy and Senator Tillis--so many people  have been supportive of this as well.   And I just want to take us back for just a moment because when we  came to the floor, Senator Blunt, when he mentioned 2013, we actually  came to the floor to mark the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy  signing the Community Mental Health Act. As we know, that was the last  bill he ever signed before his being shot. And part of that was to stop  housing people in hospitals, just locking people in the hospitals, and  create more quality care in the community--you know, shut the hospitals  and open up services in the community.   As you have said so many times, half of that happened. The hospitals  were closed, but we didn't provide the quality and the funding-- permanent funding--for the community care. That was 1963. We are doing  it now in this bill. That is what we are doing in this bill is  completing what was promised in a national bill signed in 1963.   We know, again, that one out of five people in our country--and this  is before COVID--will have a mental illness in their lifetime. So many  leading causes of death--again, prior to COVID--for people under age 50  is a drug overdose, most likely opioid overdose. We know that the most  likely gun death is a suicide, which, by the way, in this bill, there  is an important piece on red flags that I think is so important because  that means that if a family member, if those around someone feel that  they are a danger to themselves and someone else and should not have  access to a gun, they can go through a legal process to have that  happen so that that person is not using a gun to commit suicide or a  suicide-homicide through a mass shooting.   But what is so significant about this is that we know that across  this country, certainly across Michigan, I know in Missouri, we have so  many people--I mean, there are millions of people today who want to be  able to get help for mental health or addiction as part of the  healthcare system. And we want them to do that. We don't want there to  be a stigma.    There used to be a stigma. People would whisper, ``He's got cancer,''  and now, we openly talk about that. We have wonderful programs and  people get treatment, and there is no stigma related to that. It is  very challenging, but there is no stigma. We want that for mental  illness, for behavioral health.   So this isn't about saying every person with a mental illness is  dangerous at all--at all. This is about saying we want everyone to get  the help they need. And in that situation, that rare situation where  somebody doesn't get help and then takes those next steps and is  unstable and dangerous, we certainly want to address protecting them,  their family, the school, the neighborhood, the community. And that is  what the gun safety provisions of this are all about.   Let me just say one other thing and turn it back to Senator Blunt. We  now have--between the number of demonstration States we have had now  for a number of years, we also have 435  [[Page S3122]]  clinics, many of them funded through what we developed as startup  grants so that they can get started, develop the quality standards, be  able to show what a difference it made.   But I think we were both pretty blown away when we saw the difference  it made, when we saw those original numbers from Health and Human  Services, the studies that were done--both in Democratic and Republican  administrations, reinforcing that. The fact that right now, if you have  a 24-hour psychiatric crisis services center, which is part of this,  these clinics, people aren't going to jail--60 percent fewer people are  going to jail because they are getting the help they need, which is why  law enforcement so strongly supports this.   What has been happening is people go to the emergency room instead  because there is no place--our jails, our emergency rooms have become  de facto mental health treatment centers because there was no place  else; 41-percent reduction in homelessness with comprehensive care in  the community. And that is what is in this bill.   And it really is transformative; wouldn't you say, Senator Blunt?    Absolutely. Senator Blunt, as we know, in the end, this  is all about people. And I think what has been most exciting for me,  and I know for my friend and partner, is that people's lives are  changing. Opportunities for them are changing.   When we look at this legislation broadly, it is about saving lives,  whether it is through issues related to gun safety, whether it is  through getting the help you need, mental health help and addiction  services help, whether it is making sure our schools are safer, making  sure laundry services are available in the schools. It is all be  creating safety and a better quality of life.   I think it is also exciting--you know, we were talking about  community behavioral health clinics with broader investments here on  mental health as well. There is a strengthening of the suicide hotline,  which is so connected to what we have been talking about today.  Telehealth, we know during the pandemic how critically important that  was for mental health services and so on. And that is strengthened.   There is about a billion dollars' worth of investments in some way in  our schools--school health clinics and other opportunities.   What I think is exciting is that we are not only supporting schools  and teachers in all of these areas that are so important, but we are  making sure that when they find a child that needs help, there is  somewhere to go because when you are talking about really investing in  transformative, certified community behavioral health clinics, that  means there is a service in the community.   So if a parent or if a teacher or the principal or the coach or  somebody is saying, ``This young person needs some help,'' they won't  only be trained to identify they need help, they will actually be able  to get them help because there will be services available. And so I  think that is the whole point of all of this.   And I would also finally say, when we talk about funding as  healthcare, traditionally mental health and addiction services have  been funded by grants to stop and start. And so you may need help or  want your child to get help, but the grant that was doing that went  away; or you may suddenly decide you want to deal with your own  addiction, you are finally ready--it is so hard--you are finally ready  to do that, and you reach out and the services aren't there anymore.   And so this is about funding this as healthcare through the  healthcare system, so it doesn't stop and start. It becomes a way of  looking at healthcare above the neck the same as healthcare  [[Page S3123]]  below the neck. And that is why we call it transformative.   And it is such an important commitment. I am so proud of everyone  here that has been so wonderfully supportive and enthusiastic about  taking this big step. This is an area of this bill that is a huge step  that will really save lives and transform communities, I think.    I just want to say thank you to my friend and partner,  and I really do mean friend and partner. And Senator Blunt thinks he is  retiring; I am not going to let him. We have really done so much  important work together, and I am going to miss him dearly.   I am really seriously figuring out a strategy where we are not going  to let you leave the building.   But I am very grateful and, again, for him, for all of the great  staff work, and it is a day to feel good about the ability to come  together and get something done.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Chair lay before the Senate the message  from the House of Representatives to accompany S. 2089; that the motion  to concur in the House amendment to S. 2089 with amendment No. 5133 be  considered made and agreed to; the title amendment from the House be  considered and agreed to; and the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table, all without intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues for  supporting this effort in this legislation which we have dubbed ``Keep  Kids Fed,'' because that is exactly what we are going to be able to do,  to help our schools and churches and local providers provide meals for  children this summer and help for the school year.   I want to thank my colleague and partner--true partner in this-- Senator Boozman for all of his efforts.   We know we are getting back to normal, but we are not there yet, and  the folks who run our schools and summer meal programs need extra  support through this coming year. And that is what we are doing right  now.   So we just passed something fully paid for that will ensure that  millions of children don't go hungry this summer and next school year,  and I would just finally say this: You know, keeping kids fed is  nothing new. We have been doing this on a bipartisan basis since the  National School Lunch program was established 76 years ago. So we are  just continuing a bipartisan tradition, and I want to thank colleagues  for allowing us to be able to move forward on this bill.   And I would now yield to my friend Senator Boozman.   