 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to use a prop during my remarks.    Mr. President, Thanksgiving is just a week away, and, of  course, we will have turkey--or so we thought. In these difficult times  as Americans, we all have a lot to be thankful for.   I am so proud of my daughter Libby and grateful for my brandnew son- in-law Andrew. I am thankful for being selected by my fellow Iowans to  have the privilege of representing each of them in the U.S. Senate. And  I know I speak on behalf of all Iowans when I express the most  heartfelt gratitude for every one of the brave men and women who have  served in the Armed Forces of our great Nation, risking everything to  protect what we all hold dear.   Thanksgiving is the day set aside for us to gather with family and  friends to express our gratitude for all of our blessings with a grand  feast. When most of us think of Thanksgiving trimmings, delicious sides  like cranberry sauce--one of my favorites--sweet potatoes, green beans,  mashed potatoes and gravy, and stuffing all come to mind. But this  year, as a result of Bidenomics, Thanksgiving trimmings refer instead  to the items being cut from the menu due to rising prices.   With the cost of Thanksgiving dinner up 20 percent since last year, 9  out of 10 Americans are planning to eliminate at least one dish from  their menu. Some are even skipping the turkey altogether and serving  cheaper alternatives like pizza. Most are also planning to invite fewer  guests, and one in four plans to pass on Thanksgiving dinner altogether  to save money.   Hard-working Americans shouldn't have to trim the guest list or side  dishes from Thanksgiving dinner, but with the out-of-control inflation  being caused by the Democrats' failed economic policies gobbling up our  family budgets, that is exactly what is happening.   So let's talk turkey. Turkey costs 21 percent more this Thanksgiving  than last. As a matter of fact, the chairman of the Democrats'  Congressional Campaign Committee said families struggling with these  rising prices should eat Chef Boyardee. That is what he said. If that  is the Democrats' solution, boy are we cooked. Chef Boyardee? No. Chef  Boy-are-we-cooked. What did his constituents think of this idea? On  election day, they canned him.   Instead of Chef Boyardee, Washington needs to serve up some real  solutions to cut the causes of climbing costs. Beginning on his very  first day in office, President Biden made it a priority to turn off  American-made energy. This has been a recipe for disaster, with energy  prices increasing nearly 18 percent just this last year.   According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the  Democrats' so-called Inflation Reduction Act will even further increase  the cost of natural gas, which will have a direct impact on food prices  because natural gas is a key component for producing fertilizer, which  is already costing our farmers two to four times more today than just 2  years ago. The Biden administration is also bringing out leftover land  use rules from the Obama era that will impose costly and bureaucratic  regulations on farmers that will also impact food costs. This certainly  is no way to show gratitude towards those who grow the food we rely  upon to feed our families on Thanksgiving and every other day.   Folks, let's bring down costs by sticking a fork in these inflation- causing laws and burdensome regulations that the Democrats keep dishing  out.   Bidenomics is going to be the real turkey at this year's gathering,  but I sure hope the bigger bite it is taking out of your budget doesn't  put you in a ``fowl'' mood when we all have so many other things to be  thankful for.   Happy Thanksgiving.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   