 Madam Speaker, I rise in the strongest support possible of  the Women's Health Protection Act.   In February 2020, I held the first legislative hearing in two decades  to protect access to reproductive health. Since then, we have seen the  steady rollback of abortion rights in Republican-controlled States.  This means that low-income women and minorities have been living in a  post-Roe reality for years now.   Now, the Supreme Court has fully revoked the constitutional right to  abortion, leaving States to outlaw and criminalize abortion if they  choose to. This devastating decision has created a patchwork of States  with differing laws and restrictions, causing societal chaos and  confusion across our country.   It is a huntdown of women. It is a huntdown of women.   The Women's Health Protection Act makes sure that every American has  equal access to reproductive healthcare, no matter where they live. I  am eager to vote for this legislation, once again, and I call on my  Senate counterparts to codify these vital protections into law.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman of our committee for  his leadership.   I rise in strong support of this legislation. It is aptly named,  Ensuring Women's Right to Reproductive Freedom Act.   I have listened to the debate so far on this bill, and I really find  it hard to believe what I am hearing. I think the people of this  country need to know, before we get to the reproductive freedoms, that  the Republicans are opposed to contraception. That is a fact around  here.  [[Page H6649]]    Now, because of what the Supreme Court has unleashed with the Dobbs  decision, we have a patchwork of States with different laws. Some  States provide full healthcare for women; others don't.   Now, those living, as the author of this legislation stated, in  Texas, they are fleeing Texas to go to other States; but those States  want to stop women from traveling. That is what this is about. Stop  women from traveling. What are they going to do? Put their Highway  Patrol on the border to interview people to find out where they are  going and why? This is extreme in terms of what these States want to  do.   Today, the House, in its votes, makes it crystal clear to those  States that they cannot take this freedom away. This bill establishes  protections for women who travel for care and for healthcare  professionals who provide that care.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.   