 Mr. Speaker, I am here today to express my  strong support for S. 5168, the Energy Security and Lightering  Independence Act of 2022 by Senators Padilla and Cornyn.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my Senate counterparts for their work on this  important bipartisan legislation, as well as Chairman Nadler and his  staff for their efforts in getting this bill to the floor today.   I am proud to champion and sponsor this bill in the House, and I  encourage all my colleagues to support the swift passage of this  bipartisan bill.   Lightering is the ship-to-ship transfer of crude oil and liquid  natural gas from a smaller vessel onto a larger vessel, or vice versa,  for import and export. These ships are just plain too big to come in,  so smaller ship comes in.   Approximately, 74 percent of U.S. exports and 44 percent of U.S.  imports are conducted by lightering. Lightering vessels are foreign- flagged and therefore staffed with foreign crew. These workers are  highly trained, skilled, long-term employees whose sole function is to  work on the lightering and get the transfer done. They are not  authorized to do any other work offshore or on dock.   Currently, lightering crews transit through a U.S. port under a C-1/D  visa, which allows workers a 29-day work period--only 29 days. However,  under the current structure, lightering crewmembers do not fit well  into this visa category because they rarely, if ever, transit for less  than 29 days.   Because those visas are only valid for up to 29 days and the  crewmembers' shift is often for 180 days, U.S. Customs and Border  Protection, as has already been mentioned, must parole these crews to  extend their visa time consistent with their work schedule. Let's be  clear--paroles are burdensome for the workers and CBP, and there are  additional costs to taxpayers.   These crewmembers are critical to the U.S. supply chain. If  lightering crewmembers cannot enter the U.S. under a proper visa,  lightering vessels cannot be appropriately staffed. This could result  in delays and bottlenecks for U.S. energy exports or imports, impacting  all of us. We cannot let this happen.   Therefore, my bill will bolster our energy security to ensure our  lightering vessels are properly staffed. It makes a necessary technical  correction to codify an existing State Department practice of issuing  C-1/D visas for lightering. Again, this simply codifies a practice  saving taxpayer dollars.   It would also allow crewmembers of lightering ships to work in the  United States for up to 180 days in order for them to do their jobs  thoroughly and completely.   This bill will bring more clarity to the lightering industry visa  process for both the workers and all the U.S. Federal agencies  involved, saving us tax dollars, and making things more efficient.   It will protect and secure the U.S. energy supply chain, which is a  very important part of the economy in my district. It has already  passed out of the Senate with bipartisan, unanimous support.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor this bill in the House. I thank my  colleagues from Texas, Messrs. Crenshaw, Weber, Gonzales, Cloud, and  Mr. Palazzo.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this very  important piece of legislation, and let's get it to the President's  desk at a time when we need to ensure that our supply chain continues  without any issues.   Mr. Speaker, let's keep America's supply chain strong and please vote  for this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Maloney for all  the support she has given me in getting this bill to the floor. It  looks like we are almost there.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give my strong support for S. 4411, the  Vanessa Guillen postal facility renaming bill.   I thank my Senate counterparts for their work on this important  legislation and all of my colleagues in the Texas delegation for  cosponsoring this legislation.   I am proud to champion and sponsor this bill in the House, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to support its swift passage today.   Vanessa was born to the parents of immigrants and grew up in my  district in Houston. She was a standout athlete in high school, and  from a young age, she knew she wanted to serve her country in the U.S.  Army. She would tell people: I am going to join the Army.   She participated in the ROTC in her high school and knew that Army  life was for her. She enlisted right after high school graduation and  was eventually assigned to Fort Hood military base in Texas.   She was a rising star before her life was tragically cut short in  April 2020 at the young age of 20 years old.   Her story has brought much-needed attention to address sexual  harassment and sexual assault in the military. Her story has led to  changes being implemented at Fort Hood and other military installations  throughout the country and throughout the world.   Mr. Speaker, we can't bring Vanessa back, but we can continue her  legacy by renaming the post office close to her  [[Page H9934]]  high school in her honor. This building will serve as a reminder to the  community of her sacrifice and dedication to our country. I am proud to  champion and sponsor this bill. It has already passed the House earlier  this Congress on a bipartisan basis.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for a ``yes'' vote on S. 4411. Let's continue  Vanessa's legacy. Let's continue fighting for justice for Vanessa.   