 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to complete their remarks prior to the  scheduled vote: Senator Collins, Senator Reed, Senator Cardin, and  Senator Coons.    Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to a fellow New  Englander and a truly extraordinary Senator, our friend Patrick Leahy.   In his memoir, Senator Leahy said that one word came to him time and  again as he prepared to announce his retirement. That word is  ``conscience.'' The Senate, at its best, he wrote, has been the  Nation's conscience--a place where Members keep their word and work  together for the good of our country.   We heard him expound on that today when he talked about the currency  of the Senate being trust.   He went on to say: It has been a place where the minority has not  just had a seat at the table but a voice as well. It has been a place  where leaders join together across party lines to protect and  strengthen our precious democracy.   For 48 years, Patrick Leahy has been such a leader. As we celebrate  the fact that he is the longest serving current Senator and the longest  serving in Vermont's history, we know that this remarkable longevity is  a consequence of his character.   It has been such a pleasure to learn from Patrick Leahy during many  years and to work with him. The legislation that we introduced in 2013  to end straw purchasing and the illegal trafficking of firearms was  incorporated into the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act that was signed  into law this year.   We have worked together to better protect runaway and homeless youth  with legislation to help thousands of homeless young people nationwide.   We stood together at the signing ceremony for the reauthorization of  the Violence Against Women Act.   My fellow New Englander has been a champion for the Northern Border  Regional Commission, which supports job creation and economic growth in  the rural areas of the Northeast.   As the former chairman and current member of the Senate Agriculture  Committee, Pat has been such an effective advocate for our family  farms. I have had the pleasure of working with Senator Leahy on many  agricultural issues, including support for our dairy industries and  vital nutrition programs.   And while Vermont and Maine may disagree on which State produces the  best maple syrup, Pat has worked hard to protect an industry that is  part of our region's heritage.   Above all, as we have heard today, Pat has been a stalwart champion  of human rights. He has said that the accomplishment of which he is  most proud is the Leahy Law of 1997 that works to prevent egregious  human rights violations by American allies.   His determination, which we also heard about today, to end the  deployment of antipersonnel landmines around the world has saved  innocent lives.   Patrick has many talents, and he is endlessly curious. Many of us  have been the beneficiaries of his wonderful photographs, but this  story shows that that curiosity started at a very early age. After all,  who else but a 6-year-old Pat Leahy would have pedaled his tricycle  into the Vermont Governor's office simply because the door was open and  he had to see what was inside? As a photographer, he is both an artist  and a chronicler of history and, as has also been mentioned, his  recurring role in Batman movies suggests that this former State  prosecutor has a bit of ``The Dark Knight'' within him.    In his memoir, and again this morning, Pat laments that the Senate  too often has descended into hyperpartisanship and political advantage.  But he has faith, as we were inspired by his remarks today, that the  Senate can once again be what it once was. He writes: ``Because it is  the people, not the rules, who give the Senate its conscience.''   The title of Pat's memoir, ``The Road Taken,'' is a twist on the  famous poem by Robert Frost, Vermont's poet laureate. Pat, you have  taken the road less traveled by, and it truly has made all the  difference, not just for your beloved Vermont but for our Nation. It  has been such an honor and privilege to serve with you and to learn  from you, and I wish you and your wonderful wife Marcelle all the best  in the years to come.   