 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of a  transformational piece of legislation, the Inflation Reduction Act.   The Inflation Reduction Act's historic investments will reduce costs  for families and individuals, expand access to affordable health  [[Page H7703]]  care, strengthen domestic energy production and manufacturing, and  reduce the federal deficit. This plan will also reduce carbon emissions  to address the climate crisis and move us toward a better, healthier,  and more secure future for Oregonians and people across the country.   The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic exacerbated longstanding economic  inequities, and working families have been facing the consequences.  Economic inflation caused by increased consumer demand, global supply  chain disruptions, and Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine have  shifted global markets, affecting everyday costs. Higher prices are  straining household budgets and depriving workers of the full benefits  of our growing economy. The Inflation Reduction Act will lower costs  for health care, prescription drugs, and consumer energy, and make  robust investments in energy security and climate solutions, including  for disadvantaged and rural communities.   In the Pacific Northwest, climate change is not a distant threat;  it's our current reality. The Inflation Reduction Act acknowledges the  scale of the climate crisis by investing nearly $375 billion in a clean  energy future. It will lower consumer energy costs with clean energy  tax credits, and decarbonize every sector of the economy to reduce 40  percent of U.S. carbon emissions by 2030. Importantly, the Inflation  Reduction Act will invest $60 billion in environmental justice and  climate resilient solutions through sustainable agriculture, coastal,  home energy, and transportation priorities to bolster rural communities  and individuals disproportionately affected by climate change. Through  economy-wide investments in agriculture, coastal restoration, energy,  manufacturing, and transportation, this pivotal legislation will help  the U.S. combat climate change while creating new, good paying jobs and  mitigating climate inequities.   Everyone in the United States should have access to quality,  affordable health care. To make health care more affordable, the  Inflation Reduction Act will extend important health policies passed in  the American Rescue Plan for an additional three years. These policies  include eliminating the cap on subsidies for health insurance coverage  under the Affordable Care Act, which will benefit up to four million  Americans. Additionally, rising prescription drug costs are a burden  for many Americans, particularly seniors. Too often, excessive drug  prices force families to choose between their health and other  necessities, like food and housing. That's unacceptable. The Inflation  Reduction Act will reduce the price of prescription drugs by allowing  Medicare to negotiate drug prices for certain medications, and will cap  seniors' out-of-pocket costs to $2,000 a year. The bill also caps  insulin costs at $35 per month for Medicare beneficiaries. The  Inflation Reduction Act will stabilize Medicare Part D by holding  annual premium growth to current levels, which will incentivize drug  manufacturers and insurers to keep drug prices low.   These historic investments will be paid for by making our tax code  more progressive, rather than regressive. With the tax provisions in  this bill, the very largest corporations, currently contributing as  little as one percent in taxes, will pay a minimum rate rather than  take advantage of loopholes. After the Republicans' 2017 tax bill was  signed into law, corporations spent more than $1 trillion on stock  buybacks in 2018. The Inflation Reduction Act will help correct the  missed opportunities of the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by  establishing a tax on stock buybacks. It will also strengthen the  Internal Revenue Service to enforce existing tax laws, improve customer  service, speed access to tax refunds, and reduce abuse of the tax code.  Improving tax fairness will bolster domestic investments in our economy  while also reducing the deficit.   The Inflation Reduction Act makes tremendous progress, but it does  not address all of the important priorities of the people of NW Oregon  and across the country, including needed investments in workforce  development and child care. I will continue working on those important  priorities, but in the meantime, I look forward to making significant  progress by working with my colleagues in Congress and partners in the  Biden-Harris Administration to pass the Inflation Reduction Act.   