 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0, transformative  legislation that would vastly increase funding for lifesaving research  of treatments and cures for childhood cancer and rare diseases.   This legislation would reauthorize the Gabriella Miller Kids First  Pediatric Research program, which is set to expire next year, for an  additional 5 years and increase funding to $25 million annually, which  is nearly double the current amount. I am proud that this bill has  broad bipartisan support, with over 110 cosponsors. It also passed  through committee unanimously.   I am proud to carry this legislation in honor of Gabriella, who is  from Virginia's 10th Congressional District. Gabriella was diagnosed  with an inoperable brain tumor and passed away in 2013 at age 10.   She was a fierce fighter not only in her own battle with cancer but  as an advocate on behalf of the millions of other children who have  suffered from this terrible disease. In the months following her  terminal diagnosis, Gabriella became a national force for change,  urging Congress to ``stop talking, start doing'' and increase funding  to discover better treatments and cures.   Her heroic efforts delivered a successful push to pass the Gabriella  Miller Kids First Research Act in 2014, bipartisan legislation named in  her honor. Gabriella's family joined sponsor Representative Eric Cantor  of Virginia and President Barack Obama in the Oval Office for the bill  signing.   The Kids First program has done remarkable work these past few years,  sequencing more than 20,000 samples from childhood cancer and  structural birth defect cohorts and starting the Gabriella Miller Kids  First Data Resource Center, a comprehensive data resource for research  and patient communities meant to advance discoveries.    It has been almost 9 years since we lost Gabriella, and there is  still a long fight ahead to better understand, treat, and ultimately  cure childhood cancer.   Tragically, cancer is the number one cause of disease-related death  in children aged 14 and younger. This year alone, it is estimated that  over 10,000 children in the U.S. under the age of 15 will be diagnosed  with cancer. Yet, despite these staggering statistics, the tools we  have to treat these diseases are woefully inadequate.   Many of the treatments available today for kids battling cancer  haven't seen significant advances in decades. In fact, Gabriella Miller  died from the same brain cancer that Neil Armstrong's daughter died  from in 1962. Fifty years later, she was receiving the same kind of  treatment. That is outrageous. We are failing our kids, and we can, and  we must do better.   My bipartisan Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act 2.0 nearly  doubles funding for the Kids First program. With this major boost in  Federal funding, we will unlock the full potential of Kids First and  enable the hardworking doctors, scientists, and researchers to step up  their work to find ways we can help these children suffering from  cancer and rare diseases.   Mr. Speaker, this is a lifesaving bill. For the Millers, who are here  in the Capitol watching us advance this bill today, and the millions of  American families who have had to go through the torment of hearing a  doctor deliver a cancer diagnosis for their child, I urge all of my  colleagues to heed Gabriella's call to ``stop talking, start doing''  and pass this bipartisan bill.   