 Madam Speaker, it has been said before, but ours is a  country of laws, not men, and in our democratic Republic, the voters  choose who leads, not a dictator, and not a monarch.    But in the wake of the 2020 election, a small group of people decided  to reject the rule of law and the will of the voters. They rejected the  unanimous conclusion of the courts, the Department of Justice, Homeland  Security, and law enforcement and election officials across the  country. They tried to pervert the law and throw away the free choice  of the people. On January 6, their plan almost worked.   As the select committee investigates what happened that day, and how  it can be prevented from ever happening again, over 800 witnesses have  come in to share what they know because that is what should happen in a  country ruled by law.   Only a handful of people, all of them in the former President's inner  circle, have refused to obey the subpoenas. Their baseless claims that  they are immune have been rejected by the actual President, by  Congress, and by the courts. These entitled few have refused to honor  Congress' subpoenas, just like they rejected the results of the  election, because they believe they are above the law. They are not.   That is why it is so important that we pass this rule and the  underlying bill and hold those in defiance of these subpoenas in  contempt, because their conduct is not just unlawful and unpatriotic,  it is contemptible.   Our Constitution, not any person, is what makes our country great.  Nobody is above the law, and certainly nobody is above the  Constitution.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support the rule and its underlying  legislation, and I urge all my colleagues who truly love the country  more than performative antics to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, in southeastern Pennsylvania, and in cities  and towns across the country, restaurants are an essential cornerstone  of our local communities and our regional economies. These restaurants  were hard-hit by the pandemic.   Despite the excellence of their cuisine, over the past 2 years, many  independent restaurants in Philly, Delaware County, and Montgomery  County struggled to stay in business, and some permanently shuttered.   The Restaurant Revitalization Fund, passed as part of the American  Rescue Plan, was a lifeline for the restaurants that received it. The  program provided grants targeted to the hardest-hit restaurants, giving  restaurant operators financial relief to keep their doors open and keep  people employed.   The funds weren't enough to match the need. I have heard it from my  constituents, and everybody who is listening has heard it from their  constituents. While roughly 300,000 restaurants applied for aid, only  about 100,000 received grants.   For months, I have joined Representative Blumenauer and my colleagues  in calling to replenish the Restaurant Revitalization Fund, using only  funds recouped from fraudulent claims that have been made in earlier  small business relief programs. The Relief for Restaurants and other  Hard Hit Small Businesses Act will provide additional financial support  to restaurants and small businesses in the industries that are still  grievously affected by the coronavirus pandemic.   Mr. Speaker, I am glad this needed bill is getting a vote on the  floor. I strongly support the rule and its underlying legislation, and  I urge all of my colleagues to recognize that this issue is still  before us and to do the same.   