 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support the nomination of RADM Ann Phillips to be Administrator of the  Maritime Administration.   Rear Admiral Phillips served in the U.S. Navy for 31 years, served in  Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, and held leadership  positions such as the Director of Surface Warfare for the Chief of  Naval Operations. Most recently, she served as special assistant to  former Governor of Virginia Ralph Northam, where she focused on coastal  adaptation and protection.   This nomination is so important to our maritime industry, especially  as we are facing unprecedented challenges in the maritime supply chain.  The Maritime Administration is responsible for supporting America's  maritime transportation industry, including supporting the health of  the U.S. merchant marine fleet, investing in port infrastructure,  supporting American shipyards, and growing and training the maritime  workforce.   Never before have maritime and shipping issues been more important to  the health of our economy and consumers. Our ports are handling record  amounts of cargo as COVID-19 has caused consumers to shift their  spending habits to e-commerce. The arrival of these imports has led to  record volumes at our U.S. ports.   In 2021, the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach moved 10 million  containers for the first time ever. In my State, the State of  Washington, the Northwest Seaport Alliance saw a 15-percent increase in  container volumes over the last year. So this unprecedented volume  continues to cause massive challenges of ships backed up offshore and  vessels anchoring or loitering in waiting areas near the Ports of L.A.  and Long Beach. Twenty-two percent of sales have been lost by  agricultural exports due to transportation delays and cancelations,  with products like potatoes, milk, wheat, and seafood that are  literally rotting on our port docks.   My colleagues and I have been working hard to pass the Ocean Shipping  Reform Act. And we did that out of the Senate, and now, obviously, our  colleagues in the House--we have different bills--hopefully, will  either resolve this in USICA or, with the passage of one of these  bills, with the Senate bill maybe being passed by the House.   But the Federal Maritime Commission needs tools to crack down on bad  actors in the shipping industry and reduce costs facing consumers. Our  bill that passed in March that, as I said, we are working to reconcile,  we believe needs to become law as soon as possible.   But the bill is only a piece of the supply chain challenge. We need  to make serious investments in our port infrastructure to handle the  increasing capacity and get goods moving, and MARAD is charged with  overseeing the Port Infrastructure Development Program, the primary  grant program used to invest in our ports and help move our products.  That is why it is so important to have this position.   President Biden's bipartisan infrastructure law included 2.25 billion  MARAD port infrastructure development dollars for the next 5 years. I  want to thank my colleague Senator Wicker for working with us on this-- this is such critical infrastructure investment--and all my colleagues  who supported those programs. This huge economic opportunity and the  volume of our trade needs the infrastructure at our ports to continue  to increase.   We need Rear Admiral Phillips confirmed to make sure those dollars  get out the door and get them to our ports now. We need the leadership  of this organization to improve the resiliency of our ports, which are  vulnerable to climate change and extreme storms. And we need Rear  Admiral Phillips' experience in coastal resiliency as we have charged  MARAD with building a maritime industry for the future that makes sure  that we are looking at shore power issues and operating on cleaner  fuels.   And we need Rear Admiral Phillips' experience in the Navy that will  bring the expertise to the workforce mission. MARAD is tasked with  ensuring that the United States has a strong merchant marine workforce  to support the U.S. Sealift Program. The events in Ukraine have shown  us that we must deal with the shortage of merchant mariners. It is  estimated that we are over 1,800 merchant marine officers short of the  need in case of a conflict. With the rise of China and the ongoing  conflict in Ukraine, we cannot take another minute for granted for the  need for U.S.-flagged ships and U.S. mariners to support the logistics  of the U.S. military. I know the Presiding Officer knows this very  well.   In addition to strengthening our workforce, we need to invest in our  shipyards, maintain our national defense needs as well as strengthen  the U.S. flag fleet. This means investing in modern shipyards and  identifying incentives to build new generations of U.S.-flagged ships.   These U.S. merchant mariners are also vital to the maritime industry.  My State and various States face a workforce shortage and many of our  other maritime sectors also. We need to skill and train a workforce for  tomorrow.   Maritime jobs are good, family wage jobs, but we need to have a  talented workforce that is inclusive, and we need to have an inclusive  environment and work with the Coast Guard and the maritime industry to  address issues of sexual assault and harassment to keep people safe in  the workplace at sea.   Rear Admiral Phillips is the right person for this job to help the  industry, the maritime unions, the shipping companies, and the Coast  Guard to foster change. She has been a trailblazer in her career  because she has been the first woman to command a destroyer squadron,  the first woman Director of Surface Warfare, and now the first woman  Maritime Administrator.   I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.   