 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for his  leadership on this issue.   Climate change has brought the most severe drought to the West in  hundreds and hundreds of years, and it has created an environment where  wildfires are roaring through the West.   In fact, seven of the worst wildfires in California history have  occurred in the last 4 years. They are destroying homes, farms,  infrastructure. They cause injury. That is why this bill is so  important.   I am proud that four of my bills are incorporated in the legislation  that will allow firefighters to get overtime they have earned and allow  for FEMA to predeploy assets and, yes, to use science in the fight  against wildfires.   I am proud of the chair and ranking member of the Committee on  Science who have turned their attention to the things that can be done  to advance funding for the critical research that is happening at  places like San Jose State University in their Wildfire  Interdisciplinary Research Center.   We can't prevent all disasters, Madam Chair, but we can use our power  and use our science to better prepare, to better counter these  disasters, and, yes, to make sure that those who are victimized by the  disasters are treated fairly. They are our neighbors. We need to help  them in their time of loss.   Madam Chair, I thank the Speaker for making this a priority.    Mr. Speaker, America doesn't have to be the only country  where mass shootings occur, sometimes daily.   Sometimes I hear people say, ``Well, it is a mental health problem.''  I will tell you what, people have mental health problems in countries  all over the world, but only one country has mass shootings the way  America does. We need to have an answer to this.   The killer that killed my constituents at the Gilroy Garlic Festival  couldn't buy the assault weapon in California, so he just went over to  Nevada and bought it there.   We need a national answer. We know it works. When the last ban  expired, the number of mass shooting deaths increased by 483 percent.   Americans deserve to be safe and to be free, free of fear that when  their kids go to school, they will be obliterated. We need to put the  American people ahead of politics. We need to put American children  ahead of politics. We need to vote ``yes.''   