 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this  important legislation of which I am a cosponsor and intend to vote for.   Firefighters are routinely exposed to high stress, smoke, heat, and  various toxic substances. As a result, they are far more likely to  contract cardiovascular disease, lung disease, and cancer than other  workers.   I strongly support extending workers' compensation to America's  Federal civilian firefighters as we will do with the Federal  Firefighter Fairness Act, but I want to use this opportunity to call on  House leadership and the Veterans' Affairs Committee to bring forward  another related bill, the Michael Lecik Military Firefighters  Protection Act.   I strongly support extending workers' compensation to our civilian  firefighters, but we must extend the same benefits to our military  firefighters. Not doing so would be nothing short of a dereliction of  our sacred duty to them.   One such military firefighter was Michael Lecik, an Air Force  firefighter. He deployed twice to the Middle East, and after coming  home to central Virginia some years later, Mike was diagnosed with  multiple myeloma, a blood cancer linked to the dangerous conditions of  his service as a military firefighter, a connection we are  acknowledging for Federal firefighters with our votes for the Federal  Firefighters Fairness Act.   While I am grateful that we are moving this bill forward, I am deeply  concerned and disappointed that we are not remedying this issue for the  brave servicemembers like Mike who had similar exposures.   Mike died in March 2021 at the age of 41, leaving behind a loving  wife and three school-age daughters. As he faced down his illness, he  worked and advocated to ensure that other military firefighters would  have their service-connected illnesses recognized.   In his honor and in service to military firefighters like him, I will  continue to work to ensure an acknowledgment of harm is extended to all  affected populations, including veterans dying from cancer without any  acknowledgment of their service-connected injury.   