 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Japanese American Confinement Education Act. This bill builds upon one  of my earliest achievements, reauthorizing the Japanese American  Confinement Sites program established in 2006.   The Japanese American story is an important one. It needs to be told  and retold. It is a story that cannot afford to be lost in time.   This year marks the 80th anniversary of the authorization of  Executive Order 9066. Yet, too many Americans do not know the history  of the Japanese American community.   These Americans were stripped from their homes and sent to remote  camps. Families were put behind barbed wire and guarded by armed  soldiers.   Today, I speak to you on the floor of the people's House as a Member  of this esteemed Chamber. Yet, my first 3 months of life were part of  that pained experience. My parents were among those who lived in these  appalling conditions, incarcerated solely because of their ancestry.  This also included many people from the Sacramento region, including my  late husband, Congressman Bob Matsui, who was only 6 months old when he  was sent to one of these camps.   Those of us in the Japanese American community know all too well if  we do not learn from history, we risk the chance of it repeating. That  is why we must continue to lift up these stories. That is why we must  continue to listen to those who came before us and teach this history  to our future generations. These are the voices that my bill seeks to  preserve.   There are still some people who think that by walling off our country  from the less fortunate, that we will somehow make ourselves safer;  that by making people feel like the other, that we will be more secure.   But that is not who the American people are. We have this wonderfully  diverse Nation and it is together that we stand the strongest.   The story of Japanese Americans is something that Bob and I felt a  responsibility to preserve; the history of individuals and families in  the Japanese American community. And really, it is truly an American  story of perseverance, persistence, and the love of this country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on educating our  public about this important, painful piece of American history.   