 Madam Speaker, I rise today to support and encourage  the brave men and women of Cuba.   Last week we saw unprecedented images and videos from across Cuba.  Tens of thousands of Cubans took to the street. They took to the street  not because of COVID or vaccines or the embargo but because they demand  their  [[Page H3679]]  inalienable rights. They demand freedom. They chant: ``Libertad.'' They  chant: ``Patria y vida.'' And they converged on the Communist Party  headquarters responsible for 60 years of misery, abuse, and torture of  the Cuban people.   Cubans have rejected the failed ideology forced upon three  generations--the failed ideology of Marxism that has brought suffering  to hundreds of millions around the world, the failed ideology that  deserves to be sent to the ash heap of history once and for all.   As Communists often do, they concocted a conspiracy theory to explain  the people's protests. The Communist dictator Miguel Diaz-Canel even  claimed it was a U.S. plot. This is what Marxists do, of course. They  lie. They will lie, they will commit violence against their own people,  and they will try to suffocate the calls for freedom.   But this movement will not be silenced. It cannot. It mustn't. For  too long this once flourishing island has suffered under Communist  rule, and now the calls for freedom must be heeded: freedom from  oppression, freedom from abuse, and freedom from tyranny. The downfall  of this regime has been a long time coming. No more is it patria o  muerte--country or death--but as the people across Cuba know, it is  patria y vida--country and life.   As Americans--as a people who have inherited the greatest gifts of  freedom the world has ever known--we must speak with one voice against  the evils of Marxism. We must speak truth, a truth that not enough  Americans are used to hearing. Instead, we have American politicians  who openly advocate for the very same Marxist ideology that Cubans  would die to escape from. This ignorant and foolish flirtation with  Marxism must end, and we must make it clear that we will always support  freedom-loving people around the world.   Our message will be one of empowerment: empower the brave Cuban  people as they begin to throw off the chains of Communism and seek  their inalienable, God-given rights of life, liberty, personal  property, and the right to pursue their happiness.    So to the men and women of Cuba, I say this:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   We see you. We hear you. We are with you. Let us no longer shout  homeland or death but homeland and life. And begin to build what we  dream of. What they destroyed with their hands.   Te vemos. Te oimos. Estamos con ustedes. Ya no gritemos patria o  muerte sino patria y vida. Y empezar a construir lo que sonamos. Lo que  destruyeron con sus manos.   Madam Speaker, to the Communist regime in Cuba, I say this: Your lies  are exposed, your foundations are shaken to the core, and your days are  numbered.   