 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am planning to support this short-term extension of  highway programs because it is a clean extension, and it is the right  thing to do at this point.   At midnight last night, funding for these programs expired because I  suppose Speaker Pelosi and the majority  [[Page H5588]]  thought this lapse and shutdown would be minimal. Maybe we should ask  the thousands of workers who are now furloughed, our State departments  of transportation, and other stakeholders whether they also would  minimize the majority's inaction and the game playing that is taking  place.   Let me be clear: The Speaker's partisan process is what led us to  this point, and this chaos highlights more than ever the need for us to  be working across the aisle. Getting a bipartisan highway  infrastructure bill done should be easiest thing that we do in  Congress. Bipartisanship has always been the formula for success on  infrastructure, and that hasn't changed.   In my 20 years in Congress, I have supported all three highway bills  that have been signed into law. All three of them were bipartisan. All  three of them were under Republican chairmen.   I stand ready to participate in a truly bipartisan process that  involves input from both the House and the Senate, not just one  Chamber.   Republicans have put forward infrastructure principles in numerous  pieces of infrastructure legislation. We were ready to come to the  negotiating table, but we didn't get that opportunity. Republicans  warned that a partisan path would put us in a position like this, and  here we are.   Nevertheless, we remain ready to come to the table and get back to  the bipartisan tradition on infrastructure. Passing this extension is  the right thing to do, but the last thing we need is a series of short- term extensions. These short-term extensions are extremely detrimental  to the States, to the stakeholders, and to the jobs that support these  critical projects and programs.    Short-term extensions mean leaving States with uncertainty in their  plans to fix, maintain, and upgrade roads and bridges. Mr. Speaker, you  can't plan multiyear infrastructure and highway projects with the  guarantee of only a few weeks of funding at a time.   It is time to get back to what works. Bipartisanship on both sides of  Capitol Hill is the key to success when it comes to infrastructure.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this clean extension,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume to close.   Again, Mr. Speaker, this process has been horribly managed, and it is  unfortunate that we didn't take this action before transportation  programs were shut down and people were furloughed. Having said that,  we need to provide this certainty for our State DOTs and for our  transportation stakeholders.   Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I do urge support for this clean, short-term  extension. It doesn't cost anything, and it is the right thing to do. I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   