 Mr. President, I first want to say thank you to Senators  Brown, Bennet, and Booker for keeping a spotlight on this issue. I must  admit, however, on this issue, when I say Senators Brown, Bennet, and  Booker, I think about the multiple choice questionnaires we got in  school, and I am wondering how a guy with a last name ``Warnock'' got  to be a part of this effort, but I am grateful.   I want to get right to the point. There are many reasons to move this  Build Back Better American package forward. We have to build back  better. We have a historic opportunity to make landmark investments  that will strengthen our families, our economy, our care  infrastructure, including expanding Medicaid benefits to more than 4  million Americans. We have got 600,000 Georgians in the Medicaid gap.  We have got to provide critical debt relief for small farmers who have  taken a financial hit during the pandemic. All of these things are  covered in this Build Back Better agenda.   But the other top priority of mine, and why we are all here today, is  that we have a chance to extend the expanded child tax credit. We have  already seen it making a difference in the lives of over 2.2 million  children just in Georgia alone.   I want to be clear about who this tax cut helps because people who  have no vision engage in division, and sometimes when we are discussing  these policies, we need to slow down and make sure folk know exactly  whom we are talking about.   Ninety-seven percent--97 percent--of American families with children  would benefit from this tax cut. After we passed the American Rescue  Plan, we significantly expanded the child tax credit and the earned  income tax credit.   To put more money in the pockets of working families, I remember that  Senator Booker--actually, Senator Bennet called me from his car. He was  on his way back home. I had just gotten elected, and just a few short  months after I got elected, we passed the American Rescue Plan because  we won the majority and were able to do this. Senator Brown said to me:  Raphael, this is one of the best days of my career because we were able  to pass the American Rescue Plan with all of these amazing provisions,  and this provision alone is transformational. Experts have said that  this investment that we made earlier this year would cut child poverty  in half nationwide. Think about that. One provision. Just giving  ordinary people, hard-working families, a break cuts child poverty in  half. This is good public policy.   But I will tell you what would be bad public policy. It is bad public  policy to cut child poverty in half one year and then go back the very  next year and double child poverty. That is poor public policy. It is  not right, and it is not smart.    The expanded child tax credit is helping Georgians. And do you want  to know how I know that? I know because, as I am moving across the  State, they are telling me. And it is no surprise, when you put an  extra $200 or $300 in the bank account of ordinary people, working  people, it makes a huge difference.   In my regular travels around the State, Georgians have told me how  this tax cut for working families has made a difference in their lives,  made their lives just a little bit easier, especially at the start of a  new school year.   A few weeks ago, I was down in Columbus, GA, and I met with some of  the hard-working families who receive this tax cut. And as I stand  here, I think about Dante and Alicia, a couple I met down in Columbus,  GA. Their daughter's name is London. And I asked them: What are you  going to do with this monthly payment?   And they said it will help cover the costs of school clothes and  brain-building extracurricular activities. They have a very active  young daughter, very bright, London. She came to the meeting. And they  said that: We wouldn't be able to afford these extracurricular  activities, but this extra support, just this little lift, has made a  difference in our personal economy, and it has made a difference for  London.   I talked to Will, who works as a local hairdresser, and the monthly  payment helps his 12-year-old daughter participate in karate  tournaments, a development opportunity that family would not otherwise  be able to afford.   In another conversation, I asked a Georgia mom of two young, growing  boys: Where would this tax cut go?   I said: What are you going to do with this tax cut?   Do you know what she said to me?   She said: I am going to buy food and shoes.   You know, when you give ordinary folk a break, when you give them an  extra $200 or $300 a month, you know, they go and buy extravagant  things, like food and shoes and a coat for their kid.   They invest in extracurricular activities because they want to see  their children do a little bit better than they did. And when they  invest in their children, in a real sense, they invest in all of our  children.   When you give folk who already have everything they need and then  some, you give them that money, they hold on to that money. But when  you give money to ordinary folks, they put that money right back into  our local economies and into our small businesses.   Often the right thing to do is also the smart thing to do. It creates  jobs, helps all of us. And so the expanded child tax credit grows and  bolsters our economy from the bottom up.   I agree with Senator Brown. I am just old enough to remember when  folks were talking about trickle-down economics. And as a pastor, I  have worked and conducted my ministry in these communities that have  been hearing folks talk about trickle down for the last 40 years. The  way to grow an economy is from the bottom up. The right thing to do is  the smart thing to do.   The expanded child tax credit is changing lives right now, and we  have a chance in this economic package we are working on to secure this  investment for working Georgians and Americans into the future, and  that is why I believe we should make it permanent, and I will keep  advocating for that. But extending this critical tax cut right now is  the right thing to do for working families. We ought to do it. We ought  not just talk about it; we ought to do it.   The Scripture says, He has shown you, O mortal, what is good. And  what does the Lord require . . . but that you do justice, love  kindness, and walk humbly with your God.   I see the face of God in the faces of our children.   With that, I yield the floor.   