 Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss  yesterday's report from the Intelligence Committee, a public report,  which confirmed what we all suspected last year: that the Russian  Federation favored Donald Trump's reelection and sought to influence  the outcome by amplifying attacks on Joe Biden and his family. While  the scale of interference appears to be less than what we saw in 2016,  the receptiveness of Trump's inner circle appears to have been about  the same. They were open for business.   I am not here to relitigate the 2016 or 2020 elections; I am here to  raise my concern with the fact that, for two election cycles in a row  now, the Republican Party's nominee for President sought to normalize  foreign interference in our elections. And I want to be clear. It is  wrong, it is hostile, it is undemocratic, and it must stop if you want  the American people to have the confidence in the legitimacy and the  credibility of our elections going forward.   This is not about party; this is about the durability of our  democracy. Everyone in this body has an important role to play in  rejecting foreign interference and restoring trust in our election  process.   While the contents of the report came as no surprise, its findings  were nonetheless breathtaking. Our intelligence community is highly  confident--the highest assessment they have on any given issue--in its  assessment that Vladimir Putin was involved in the operation whereby  Andrii Derkach and Konstantin Kilimnik successfully manipulated  President Trump's inner circle, including his personal attorney, Rudy  Giuliani.   Thankfully, the American people had better sense than Mr. Giuliani  and rejected the Kremlin-backed lies about Joe Biden and his family.  That, however, does not diminish the fact that the Russian Government  undertook this effort and the former President welcomed it. The Russian  interference detailed in this report occurred at the very same time the  Trump administration sought to publicly downplay the role played by  Russia.   This report was mandated by Congress and for good reason. Americans  deserve to know exactly who is interfering in our democracy and how. As  I said before, everyone has a role to play, including the American  people. We have to encourage Americans to practice better cyber  security and to scrutinize the information they see on the web.  Carefully examining social media posts before sharing them must become  the new hallmark of a patriotic, active, and informed citizenry. And  our social media companies must do a better job stopping the  proliferation of foreign disinformation on their platforms.   The health of our democracy depends on this vigilance. The Kremlin  will continue to attack our elections and seek to sow divisions among  us. We have a responsibility to resist this interference and not make  their job any easier.   We live in a media environment where Donald Trump and his Republican  allies continue to this day to promote unhinged conspiracy theories  that the election was stolen. The intelligence report confirms this is  not true.   Some Republican officials have promoted wild conspiracy theories that  China supported Democratic campaigns. The intelligence report confirms  this was not true.   Former President Trump and his allies still assert that Venezuela  manipulated voting machines. A companion report by the Department of  Justice and Homeland Security confirmed this is not true.   We must come to terms with the fact that while Russia has  aggressively promoted disinformation in our country, the most  pernicious engine of lies in the United States is cast by the former  President himself.   Knowing the facts sets a foundation for action, and I look forward to  engaging with this administration on measures to respond to our  intelligence community's findings. There should be sanctions required  in response to this interference, and the administration should move  quickly to impose them.   I welcome the approach thus far by the Biden administration as it  crafts a Russia policy that calls out Kremlin aggression when it  happens and takes strong measures in response. The sanctions imposed in  response to the Navalny assassination attempt demonstrate that such  reckless and dangerous behavior will not be tolerated. And our efforts  to hold the Kremlin accountable will include close coordination with  our European allies.   The package of sanctions announced on March 2 shows how committed the  Biden administration is to confronting Kremlin aggression. This type of  rigor in the development of sanctions packages is a welcome reminder of  how our government should work. The Navalny sanctions were a good first  step, and I look forward to soon seeing the results of the  administration's review of Russia policy. In my view, we need a  strategy that accomplishes four main goals.   One, limiting the Kremlin's ability to interfere in our democracy as  well as those of our allies and partners. This includes a comprehensive  plan to counter Russian-generated propaganda and corruption around the  world.   Two, standing up for our friends in Ukraine who are literally on the  frontlines battling Kremlin aggression. They need our diplomatic  support in Europe. They need our security assistance to defend  themselves. They need our encouragement to reform democratic  institutions. I hope that President Biden will soon speak with  President Zelensky to send these important messages.   Three, we have a responsibility to engage with the Russian Government  when it is in our national security interests. I supported the  extension of the New START agreement and urge the administration to  continue to advance arms control policies that advance stability and  our national security.   Finally, our Russia policy must extend a hand to the Russian people,  many of whom have courageously turned out by the thousands in  opposition to Putin and his government. Their struggle for democracy is  theirs,  [[Page S1597]]  not ours, but we must make clear that our disagreements are not with  them but with Vladimir Putin and his corrupt, autocratic regime.   Defending our elections isn't just about strong cyber measures,  protecting the ballot box, and promoting better practices on social  media. It is about having a foreign policy that clearly communicates  our values and interests, one that leaves no room for debate over the  openness of any American President to foreign interference. It is about  a foreign policy that recognizes how the Kremlin's efforts to weaken  democracy in Ukraine or in other European countries ultimately  threatens democracy here in the United States. It is about a foreign  policy that works with allies and partners, not one that denigrates  them at every turn.   The intelligence community is getting better at detecting and  guarding against interference, but we must remain vigilant. Russia and  other foreign actors will continue to attack our democratic process.  Their tactics may evolve, but their intentions remain the same, and we  need to stay one step ahead of them.   The Biden administration is off to a good start in defending our  democracy. As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, I look  forward to working together to advance policies that reflect America's  time-honored democratic values both at him and abroad.    Further parliamentary inquiry: Is there a limit on time  divided by side or is the floor open regardless?    Thank you.   