 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, relations between the United States and  Russia are more precarious today than at any other time since the Cold  War. From Russian-backed mercenaries fighting in the Middle East to the  Kremlin's attempt to poison Putin's critics like Alexei Navalny using a  nerve agent, the actions of Russia are growing more and more  aggressive. That is especially true when it comes to actions against  the United States and our allies.   We know Russia made a clear attempt to interfere with the 2016  election and delegitimize our democratic processes, like our elections.  Through everything from highly coordinated disinformation campaigns to  targeted attacks on voting systems, it sought to undermine and  potentially change the result of a democratic election.   Of course, it is not just our voting systems that have come under  attack. Moscow has launched massive cyber attacks against private  companies and government agencies alike, the latest being the  SolarWinds hack. Last year, Russia attempted to steal coronavirus  vaccine research from the United States and our closest allies.   The Biden administration has responded to these mounting threats in  an unlikely way--by giving Russia exactly what it wants. Sure, I know  there were some press reports about a conversation between President  Biden and President Putin, but then again, that is all it was--words,  not action.   This Friday is the expiration date for the New START treaty--the only  remaining bilateral strategic nuclear agreement between the United  States and Russia. Since New START entered force a decade ago, there  has been no lack of criticism about its shortcomings. For example, here  on the Senate floor last week, I outlined some of the main issues with  New START, including the fact that it only placed limits on strategic  nuclear weapons, leaving room open for an endless arsenal of tactical  nuclear weapons, which were particularly of interest to Russia in a  potential land war in Europe. The new Senator from Tennessee and former  U.S. Ambassador to Japan, Bill Hagerty, has echoed that concern as  well.   But it is not just Republicans who acknowledge the need for a new  approach. Victoria Nuland is an experienced and accomplished diplomat  with more than three decades of experience, and she has been nominated  by President Biden for a high-ranking position in the State Department.  In an opinion piece she wrote last year, she wrote that the United  States ``should not grant Moscow what it wants most: a free rollover of  New START without any negotiations to address Russia's recent  investments in short- and medium-range nuclear weapons systems and new  conventional weapons.'' In other words, Russia is building new weapons  that will not be included in the New START negotiations, but they  should be.   The President didn't take the advice of Ambassador Nuland, obviously.  He didn't advocate for new limits on tactical weapons or these new  weapons systems or impose any other conditions to combat Russian  aggression. In a call with President Putin last week, President Biden  agreed to a clean 5-year extension--no conditions, no negotiations; in  short, a capitulation. He gave him a green light to keep doing what  they have been doing.   Well, it didn't take long for Russian leaders to celebrate this win.  The Deputy Foreign Minister of Russia declared that the United States  had agreed to extend the treaty on Russia's terms, and both houses of  Russia's Parliament unanimously voted in favor of the ratification of  the extension within hours of the announcement. In other words, the  Biden administration is on exactly the same page as the Duma. That  ought to give them some pause. It is fair to say there has been no  celebration here in the United States, but the truth is, there has  hardly been any attention paid to this issue at all, including here in  Congress.   The administration has tried to maintain its focus on the President's  long list of executive actions. In his first 2 weeks in office,  President Biden has used the power of the pen to cancel the Keystone XL  Pipeline, rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement, stop drilling on Federal  lands and in Federal waters, and so much more. Why did the President  focus on this agenda? Well, because he has called climate change--not  nuclear weapons--the existential threat of our time.  [[Page S236]]    Don't get me wrong--I think our country can and should do more to  reduce emissions and preserve our land and waters for future  generations, but those measures shouldn't come at the cost of thousands  of jobs, reduced energy independence, and higher prices for consumers,  including seniors on fixed incomes.   I have always been a proponent of the ``all of the above'' energy  strategy, which relies on fossil fuels and renewables, as well as  innovative technologies to provide our country with reliable,  affordable, and lower emissions energy sources. In fact just about a  month ago, I introduced a bill to help spur that innovation, which was  signed into law. But based on the emphasis of the Biden administration  on climate change and the near silence we are hearing on nuclear  treaties, you would think that climate change is a bigger threat to the  world than a nuclear war. Only in a fevered imaginary world could that  be true.    Our Democratic colleagues in the Senate and many members of the media  played along as well, praising the President's efforts to combat one  self-proclaimed crisis while ignoring its failure to address a clear  and present danger and a threat to the planet.   The fact is, the administration missed a huge opportunity by  extending the New START treaty without any other conditions, and it has  to do with much more than just the threats posed by Russia. While the  United States and Russia are the two biggest nuclear powers in the  world, we are not the only ones. There are five nonproliferation treaty  states, two of which are Russia and the United States. But there is  also the UK and France, both of which provide regular information about  the size and makeup of their nuclear arsenals.   The fifth and final power is China, a police state and one of the  world's greatest secret keepers, especially when it comes to its  nuclear arsenal. China, we think, has quietly been growing its nuclear  arsenal for years, and the thick cloak of secrecy surrounding the  Chinese Communist Party has made it nearly impossible to verify  information about the breadth and depth of its nuclear capabilities.  But from the information we have, we know China continues to pursue a  nuclear triad, and experts estimate China to have about 300 nuclear  weapons. Assuming that figure is correct, it makes China the third most  powerful nuclear country in the world, behind the United States and  Russia, and we have every reason to believe that the size of its  arsenal will continue to grow.   In May of 2019, then-Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency,  Robert Ashley, said China is likely to at least double the size of its  nuclear stockpile over the next decade. He referred to this effort as  ``the most rapid expansion and diversification of its nuclear arsenal  in China's history.''   Here we are, a year and a half after that estimate, and there is no  reason to believe that China has changed its course. In fact, it  appears the announcement of a New START extension received a warm  welcome in Beijing, just as it did in Moscow. The story that ran this  weekend in the South China Morning Post said this extension ``means the  gap between China and the two nuclear giants. . . . will not widen and  Beijing could spend the next five years catching up.'' There you have  it. That is the real takeaway of a clean extension of New START.   The Biden administration has agreed to leave in place a framework in  which the Russians continue to cheat, the Chinese play catch up, and  the United States is left to play by the rules of a bygone era.   Rather than enter into a 5-year extension of New START, the  administration should have used its leverage to convene multilateral  nuclear talks. America should invite the other nonproliferation  states--Russia, China, France, and the UK--to the negotiating table and  encourage multilateral talks limiting the growth of nuclear arsenals  worldwide.   I understand President Biden's desire to focus on the issues he  campaigned on--whether it is climate change, immigration reform, or any  other policy area--but in doing so, he should not ignore the larger  threats to global security or relinquish the leverage we have to secure  a deal that improves global security at large.   Nuclear weapons, not climate change, are the greatest existential  threat we face, and the United States cannot sit idly by while Moscow  and Beijing pass us by.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   