 Mr. President, from gas stations to grocery stores, to  utility bills and restaurant checks, the American people are being  pummeled by inflation. The cost of everything is going up.   Last week, the Commerce Department reported that a key indicator of  inflation had reached the highest level in three decades--30 years.   The Chairman of the Federal Reserve has said that we are unlikely to  turn a corner on this until sometime next year. How he knows that, I  don't know. Previously, he said, well, this inflation would be merely  transitory, a passing thing. But it is beginning to look like that is  not the case. And, clearly, he is mainly guessing.   With this as a backdrop, our Democratic colleagues are apparently  trying to figure out how to inflict even more economic pain on the  American people. They spent months negotiating solely among themselves  in order to bring about a radical transformation in our country by  spending money on programs we don't need or want--things like permanent  welfare for no work requirements; things like tax increases that,  contrary to President Biden's promise, will hit Americans earning less  than $400,000 a year; subsidies for millionaires; buying electric  vehicles that most average wage earners can't afford; taxes that will  hurt American businesses and help our major nation-state competitor,  China; as well as provide a range of so-called free--they like that  word ``free''--social safety-net programs that really aren't free at  all.   Now, this isn't critical funding necessary to lead America out of the  pandemic like we did last year on a bipartisan basis. This isn't even  designed to revive our struggling economy. I would argue that it would  do just the opposite. It would suppress the recovery from the recession  that was caused by the pandemic. This is merely a reckless, partisan  spending spree designed to grow the size of government's role in our  daily lives.   In recent weeks, I have heard from more than 50,000 of my  constituents--that is a lot--about one absurd example of government  overreach proposed by the administration and which is part of the  reconciliation bill that is now sitting in front of the House of  Representatives. The IRS already knows how much money you make, but now  the Biden administration wants to know how you spend it too. This isn't  a safeguard to stop illicit activity like money laundering or tax  fraud. That already exists. Any taxpayer who receives a transfer of  $10,000 or more in a single transaction has to report that to the IRS.  But what our Democratic colleagues want to do is to invade the privacy  of everyday Americans who rarely make five-digit transactions. So  tucked in the President's budget is a new IRS reporting requirement  with a much lower threshold, $600.   If you use your bank accounts to spend or receive more than $600 in a  year's time, our Democratic colleagues think that should be reported to  the IRS. So if you are writing a check for your mortgage or your rent  or maybe you are buying a new washer or dryer or refrigerator, the IRS  wants to know that you are spending that money.   This is an Agency that has already been plagued by scandals and has  hardly been a responsible steward of personal financial data.   Earlier this year, an unknown source within the IRS leaked more than  15 years' worth of taxpayer information to journalists. And we all  remember the IRS targeting conservative-leaning groups during the Obama  administration. But the IRS has given even more  [[Page S6932]]  personal financial data, literally conducting surveillance on the  American people. The trove of information that could be abused gets a  lot bigger.   Democrats want to give the IRS more manpower to sift through all of  this by doubling the size of the Agency, adding to an army of Internal  Revenue agents out searching for more revenue with which to grow the  government. So instead of a chicken in every pot, every household will  get an audit.   This is, I submit, a fundamental attack on the privacy and financial  freedom of everyday Americans and puts all Americans' data at risk of  being hacked or leaked.   It also places a huge new burden on our community banks and credit  unions. Having to organize and transmit all this additional data to the  IRS in a secure way is no easy task. Does the administration plan to  help local banks, credit unions do this? I doubt it. It is just going  to add to their overhead and to their administrative burdens.    Our Democratic colleagues also want to reinstate the so-called SALT  deduction, which allows wealthy individuals in blue States--it is no  coincidence--to pay less in taxes. According to the liberal Tax Policy  Center, 93 percent of those making a million dollars or more would get  a tax break.   So much for our Democratic colleagues' rhetoric about millionaires  and billionaires getting a tax break. They want to make sure that each  one of them gets about a $48,000 tax cut under their proposal. This  isn't an attempt to support those who are struggling to make ends meet;  it is a financial lifeline for millionaires and billionaires.   This type of legislation our colleagues are trying to pass includes a  massive, ill-conceived tax plan; government overreach; irresponsible  spending; and radical policies that put unnecessary burden on  beleaguered American workers and families.   Earlier this year, our Democratic friends charged nearly $2 trillion  to the taxpayer credit card in a party-line vote. Unlike the COVID-19  relief bills we passed last year virtually unanimously, one after the  other, when the Biden administration came into office, the first thing  they did was spend $2 trillion in borrowed money, only 10 percent of  which was related to COVID-19.   So they did that without any Republican help. Now they are trying to  figure out how to go on an even bigger spending blowout--once again,  all alone. But they think upping the credit limit should be a  bipartisan task. Our friends across the aisle have talked about how,  historically, lifting the debt ceiling has been a bipartisan endeavor,  but they failed to mention that so has spending.   There has never been a time in our country's history when one party  has spent trillions of dollars and aspires to spend trillions of  dollars more without the support of a single person on the other side  of the aisle.   Why would Republicans vote to increase the debt limit and sign off on  this reckless spending? If someone stole your credit card and ran up  the bill, would you up your own credit limit so they could continue  shopping? No way. But that is exactly what Democrats are asking  Republicans to do by upping the debt limit.   They have the votes. They have a process by which they can raise the  debt limit, and they need to do it before we risk a default, according  to the timeline given to us by Secretary Yellen.   So our Democratic colleagues have chosen to light taxpayer dollars on  fire, but we are not going to hand them another match. We have been  clear on that point since at least July. Unsurprisingly, our friends on  the other side don't like this plan. They see the dangers in continuing  to drive up the debt without any action to address the root causes, and  they want to have Republicans to share the blame.   But what needs to happen is some accountability because  accountability will bring with it some fiscal responsibility. But as  long as our Democratic colleagues can continue to spend trillions of  dollars in borrowed money on their reckless tax-and-spending spree and  have us join them in raising the debt limit, then no one--no voter, no  taxpayer--can actually know who is to blame.   Well, if Democrats want to spend alone, they have to up the debt  ceiling alone, too, and we know they have the tools and the votes to do  it. But rather than addressing this problem in July or August or  September, our Democratic colleagues have waited until the last minute  and march us closer and closer to a debt crisis. They have had the time  to up the debt limit on their own, and they have had the means to do  it. So they need to stop playing chicken with an economic crisis and do  what they know needs to be done.   So far, Democrats have not been held back by their razor-thin  majority. It didn't stop them from spending $2 trillion in borrowed  money at the beginning of this year. It hasn't slowed their plans to  try to spend trillions more this fall. And now it shouldn't stop them  from increasing the debt limit on their own so the American people can  see who is responsible and hold those elected officials accountable in  the 2022 election.   The Democratic majority of the Senate has embraced a go-it-alone  attitude on legislating all year, and these are just some of the  examples of what that has produced: tax increases on the middle class;  car subsidies for millionaires; taxes that hurt American businesses and  American jobs but actually help China; providing so-called free,  taxpayer-funded social safety net programs to try to turn the United  States into a European welfare state; increased IRS surveillance of the  everyday finances of average Americans; and I mentioned, finally, tax  breaks for millionaires and billionaires.   So now is the time to reap what our Democratic colleagues have sown,  and I hope they will act sooner rather than later.   I yield the floor.   