 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his support.   For far too long, our country has failed to give women servicemembers  and veterans the recognition they have rightfully earned and deserve  for their service and commitment to protecting this Nation.   For my friends and colleagues who may not know, women have served in  the U.S. military since the Revolutionary War. And long before women  could formally serve, hundreds of women disguised themselves as men for  the opportunity to serve in the Armed Forces.   Hundreds of thousands of women answered the call to serve in World  War I and World War II in any way they could. Following these  invaluable contributions, women finally became permanent members of the  Armed Forces in 1948.   Now there are 2 million women veterans living in the United States,  and women comprise the fastest growing subpopulation of both the  military and veteran populations.   Women servicemembers now make up 20 percent of military personnel.  Because of this, the women veteran population is projected to grow to  18 percent of the total veteran population by 2040.   Yet, they still fail to receive the recognition they deserve for  their service to our Nation.   While millions of women have served in the U.S. military, only two of  VA's 1,293 healthcare facilities have been named after these brave and  courageous Americans.   That is simply unacceptable.   So, in November 2020, I convened a panel of highly qualified  servicemembers, veterans, and community leaders to collaborate on  recommendations to rename the San Diego Veterans Affairs Medical  Center.   The panel included a wide variety of local stakeholders from  organizations like The American Legion, Military Order of the Purple  Heart, Disabled American Veterans, and Veterans of Foreign Wars.   After an extensive effort considering many incredible women veterans  who have served our country with distinction, the panel chose Captain  Jennifer M. Moreno, a highly decorated combat veteran from San Diego  who was killed in action during a deployment to Afghanistan in October  2013.   Jennifer Moreno was born in San Diego and was raised in Logan Heights  by her single mom after the early loss of her father.   While attending San Diego High School, Moreno was an active member of  the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps for all 4 years, which is a  Department of the Army Honor Unit with Distinction, the highest rating  by the Army.    Following her graduation from the University of San Francisco with a  bachelor of science degree in nursing in 2010, Moreno received her  commission in the U.S. Army as a second lieutenant Nurse Corps officer.   Moreno was deployed to Afghanistan in June 2013 with the Army's 75th  Ranger Regiment, where she was attached to a joint special operations  task force as a Cultural Support Team member.   Just 3 months into her first tour, while on a night mission in  Kandahar province to capture a high-value target, four explosive  devices were triggered. Moreno endured these explosive devices,  including a suicide explosive at a range of no more than 25 meters.   Moreno then reportedly heard two orders. One was a call to help a  wounded soldier struck by a blast. The other was a command to stay put  in case she was to strike another mine in the area. Moreno did not  hesitate to respond to the call for help.   As Moreno made her way to help a fallen soldier, she triggered the  fifth explosion, which tragically ended her life on October 6, 2013.   Moreno was the first nurse Cultural Support Team member to die in  action, and part of her legacy is the number of young women coming from  medical fields seeking out voluntary assignments to join the Cultural  Support Team.   Jennifer Moreno was promoted posthumously to captain and was the  first combat casualty to be buried at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery  in San Diego since the post-9/11 conflicts began, receiving full  military honors. I was honored to visit her gravesite earlier this  year.   The panel also recommended that a prominent space within the San  Diego VA Medical Center be named after U.S. Navy Captain Kathleen M.  Bruyere, a longtime San Diego resident who helped shape the military's  policies on sexual discrimination and was instrumental in expanding  opportunities for women in the Navy.   In 1977, Bruyere joined five other women officers who sued the United  States Secretary of the Navy and the United States Secretary of Defense  over restrictions that prevented women from serving on combat aircraft  and ships. This led to the 1948 Women's Armed Services Integration Act  being struck down as unconstitutional, overturning a ban on women  serving at sea.   In 1987, as special assistant to the Chief of Naval Operations for  women's policy, Bruyere conducted an examination of the status of Navy  women, including career opportunities and complaints of sexism. The  study led to 9,000 sea-duty and command jobs opening up for women on 24  combatant ships.   Bruyere retired from the Navy as a captain after 28 years of service  in 1994. Last year, she passed away and was buried at Miramar National  Cemetery with full military honors.   This bill expresses the sense of Congress that VA should follow  through with the panel's recommendation to honor Captain Bruyere.   Although this effort does not make up for all the appreciation women  veterans and servicemembers are still owed, it is my great hope that  this token of gratitude inspires similar recognition across the  country.   I thank Army veteran and Carlsbad resident Karin Brennan, who led  this effort and exercised strong leadership in bringing stakeholders  together to make recommendations for women veterans with ties to the  region who are among the worthiest of receiving this honor.   But most of all, I am grateful for the service of Captain Jennifer  Moreno and Captain Kathleen Bruyere.   It is my honor to share their stories on behalf of the local veterans  who recommended this renaming, and I look forward to this legislation  passing the House and becoming law.   