 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SAFE Banking Act.   Kentuckians have a deep interest in the production, cultivation, and  sale of nonintoxicating industrial hemp and hemp-derived products,  including CBD. In fact, Kentucky boasts a proud heritage and  agricultural tradition in industrial hemp. Henry Clay, the great  Speaker of the House who once represented the district that I now  represent, was, in fact, an industrial hemp farmer.   More recently, the Commonwealth has seen a revival in the industrial  hemp industry, resulting in much growth and job creation in this area.  Much of the growth of the industry occurred as a result of the  Industrial Hemp Research Pilot Program established under the 2014 farm  bill and the 2018 farm bill, which took it a step further and fully  legalized industrial hemp.   Despite these positive steps forward, hemp businesses still have  trouble accessing certain financial services. Just today I spoke with a  CBD retailer in my district who confirmed that while the situation has  improved somewhat over the last few years, access to card  [[Page H1922]]  processing services is uneven and uncertain. This bill will provide  additional clarity for banks, insurance companies, and card processors  that they can, in fact, do business with legally operating hemp  businesses. It would also direct our Federal financial regulators to  update best practices for serving hemp and CBD businesses.   Since we last debated this bill, conditions have improved for hemp  financing. In December 2019, financial regulators jointly issued  guidance confirming that banks are free to provide banking services to  the hemp industry, just as they are for any other agricultural  commodity. Unfortunately, there is still work to do to ensure that  these legal hemp businesses have full access to the financial system.  There remains some ambiguity, specifically regarding payment  processors' dealings with hemp businesses. This bill makes needed  clarifications.   I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Perlmutter) for  working across the aisle on this bill. He and his team took great care  to ensure that these changes were incorporated into the bill and made  the needed clarifications. I thank him for his cooperation. This will  have a meaningful impact on Kentucky farmers, small businesses, and a  burgeoning industry in Kentucky and across the country.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   