 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in the Christian faith, there is a saying:  ``Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for  his friends.'' I rise today to talk about that kind of sacrifice, that  kind of love, and ultimately that tragedy in the death of a man who is  a hero.   Officer Brian David Sicknick was many things. He was a loving son to  his parents, Gladys and Charles Sicknick; a loving brother to Ken and  Craig Sicknick; and a loving partner of 11 years to Sandra Garza. He  loved his two dachshunds, Sparky and Pebbles, and he took great care of  them.   Many of us got to know Officer Sicknick because he served in the  Capitol Police Department. He was someone who loved his job and  understood that every day when you put on that uniform, when you come  to the Capitol of the greatest power on the planet, the United States  of America, that wearing that uniform, wearing that badge, you had a  sacred duty to protect this sacred space.   I am proud to say that Officer Sicknick was a Jersey guy through and  through. He was born in New Brunswick, NJ, raised in South River, and  he lived a life committed to the greatest calling you can have, which  is to serve others, to protect others, to defend not just your Nation  but her citizens. He was a member of the New Jersey Air National Guard.  He loved his country. And I am proud to say he loved Jersey too. He was  a New Jersey Devils fan. He proudly, in his work and commitment, served  his country in the 108th Security Forces Squadron in Saudi Arabia and  Kyrgyzstan.   Officer Sicknick was a reliable and cherished colleague. If you talk  to those who knew him, they knew that he was a man of honor and decency  and kindness. They knew he loved this job. He loved being a Capitol  Police officer. He loved serving this Nation. He loved helping people.  He loved his work.   That love is evident in so many stories shared by his family and  friends, people who, in this time of painful grief, are still  celebrating the life he lived even though it was cut short by hate.  People speak to his character and the qualities, the values that made  him so special. He was kind. He was patient. Like many of those who  rise in their service to this country, he was humble. And he was  selfless.   You talk to people who knew him really well, and they remember him as  the kind of officer who would go out of his way, not just in his  service to those of us who frequent the Capitol but to make sure that  his colleagues, his fellow Capitol Police officers, were also doing OK.  He was not just a leader; he was a servant. And they remember him  living with that sense of honor and that sense of duty. They remember  him as the kind of person who would stand courageously in the face of a  colleague, who would sacrifice for them, who believed that service  meant commitment, meant bringing your grit and your guts and your love.  And that is what he did.   On January 6, 2021, when a violent mob attacked this Capitol, Officer  Sicknick stood for America. He stood for this Capitol and all of its  inhabitants. He was steadfast. He was courageous. He stood in the  breach to protect the lives of the Members of this body, their staffs,  personnel. He faced down terrorist attackers and sacrificed himself,  his own safety, his own security, and ultimately his life in the name  of love of country and of the countrymen and--women.   Officer Sicknick is the very definition of a hero, and he deserves to  be remembered for the richness of his life, the way that he loved, and  the devotion that he gave this Nation. That he is no longer with us  today is a grievous tragedy, and it is also a crime. This great man was  murdered. This crime demands the full attention of Federal law  enforcement officials. Anyone who still harbors doubt about what  happened here on January 6 should think of him.   On January 6, when extremists, when terrorists, when White  supremacists attacked our Nation's Capitol, they took the life of one  of our officers. They spilled his blood. They took a son away from his  parents. They took a sibling away from his brothers. They committed  this treachery while waving flags, claiming solidarity--some of them-- with law enforcement, but it was hate--it was hate; it was hate--that  brought terror to our Capitol and the death of one of our sons.   So many of the words that led up to that day, the lies that were  told, the incitement and the encouragement, came from the highest  office of our land to dotted members of authority across our country-- these collective actions that led to the moment, the terrorists who are  directly responsible as well.   In the aftermath, a hero, a Capitol Police officer, is dead-- a  champion, a hero. This is a senseless tragedy, an awful crime. I am not  alone when I say to Officer Sicknick's family and loved ones that we-- that I vow to hold those responsible for this heinous crime  accountable.   We must honor Officer Sicknick's heroism and sacrifice not just with  our words but by what we do here in the coming days, what we do as a  nation, how we all take responsibility in the aftermath of a horrific  moment.  [[Page S55]]    Officer Sicknick died for this country. He did not die in vain. We,  the living, must--must--continue with his level of courage as we tell  the truth, as we hold others responsible and for account, as we try to  live in the spirit that he lived: with humility, honor, courage,  kindness, love, decency.   May Officer Brian Sicknick always be remembered for his service to  the country he loved, and may we rise to his example and honor him. All  those who have fallen in defense of this Nation, may we honor them in  how we live for this country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   