 Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague  Senator Braun for leading this important discussion on protecting  Second Amendment rights for Montanans and for all Americans.   Today, President Biden and Chuck Schumer are propping up yet another  very controversial nominee, one who far from unites us as Americans-- rather, another nominee who divides us further. Sadly, we are  witnessing a complete disregard for our Constitution.   The Constitution could not be clearer. Now, I know my Democratic  colleagues may want to say it otherwise, but it is clear--it is very  clear when it says--and I have my pocket Constitution here. It says,  ``the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be  infringed.'' It is very strong and very clear language. Montanans and  the American people are guaranteed this right, as protected in our  Constitution.   Despite this, we have seen President Biden and far-left Democrats  abandon  [[Page S4887]]  this right to fit their own gun-grabbing agenda. Their latest attack on  the Second Amendment is the nomination of a registered anti-gun  lobbyist, who has called for the ban of certain firearms, to lead the  Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. This is the very agency that  oversees firearms.   It is unbelievable. Putting David Chipman in charge of the ATF is  like putting an arsonist in charge of the fire department. He has a  very hostile record toward the Second Amendment, and this hostile  record against law-abiding gun owners speaks loud and clear.   It is interesting to look at the 2020 data that is coming in. Forty  percent of the firearms sold in our country last year were to first- time buyers of a firearm--40 percent. Why? The American people want to  be able to defend themselves.   As we are seeing the far left push to defund law enforcement, defund  the police, and we see the anarchy going on across the cities of  America, the lawlessness, the high murder rates, the violence, it is no  wonder that more Americans now say: I want to own a firearm myself to  protect myself.   If confirmed, Mr. Chipman would help the Democrats push their gun- grabbing agenda. We can't allow the left to continue this attack on our  precious constitutional rights. David Chipman would be a disaster to  the Second Amendment rights of Montanans and all Americans. The Senate  must oppose Mr. Chipman's nomination for the sake of protecting our  Second Amendment rights.   We must also pass some commonsense legislation that protects the  Second Amendment, like what Senator Braun of Indiana is trying to do  with his ATF Accountability Act. I support him in his efforts to pass  this commonsense legislation.   I urge all my colleagues to join me in opposing Mr. Chipman's  nomination to lead the ATF and encourage my colleagues to pass and  support Senator Braun's ATF Accountability Act.   I yield back my time to the Senator from Indiana.   