 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania, Dr.  Joyce, for yielding and for leading this effort to defend American  energy.   Madam Speaker, you might wonder: Why are we on the House floor  defending American energy? Who could possibly, in the United States  Congress, be opposed to American energy?   Unfortunately, as we have seen this year, from President Biden to  Speaker Pelosi to this whole Democrat majority, they have had an all- out assault on American energy.   It started day one when President Biden took the oath of office. That  day,  [[Page H5459]]  he drove down Pennsylvania Avenue and started signing executive orders  to destroy America's energy independence.   It started with the Keystone pipeline. It was a great relationship  between the United States and our great friend, Canada, our neighbor  from the north, a pipeline to bring energy to America where it could be  refined in a really good, environmentally protective way in the United  States of America. But President Biden said no.   You would think he said no because he is just against pipelines in  general, except just weeks later, President Biden green-lighted a  pipeline in Russia, from Russia to Germany. So, President Biden was  against American energy jobs and American pipelines, but he was okay  with helping Russia, giving a gift to Russia.   He kept going on and on. He put a moratorium on drilling in the  United States, but then, just weeks ago, he tried to ban not only  American energy but then he goes and begs OPEC and Russia to produce  more oil. You can't make this stuff up.   If American energy is so bad, why are you begging OPEC and Russia to  produce fossil fuels? They are either good or they are bad.   The question here, Madam Speaker, is: Where should energy be made?   If you look at this whole global warming, Green New Deal push by the  President to increase taxes on Americans, you wonder why Americans are  paying 40 percent more for gasoline at the pump. It is because of  President Biden's assault on American energy.   But he has given OPEC a free pass. In fact, he is giving OPEC more  leverage by cutting off our supply and letting them increase their  supply.   Now, you might think Russia or Saudi Arabia or China came up with  this crazy strategy. No, it was President Biden and Speaker Pelosi and  a Democrat Congress that came up with this, and you are seeing it in  their tax proposal, this crazy $5.5 trillion massive tax-and-spend  proposal we are going to see come into play this week on the House  floor--more assaults on American energy.   Who pays? I will tell you who pays: the American consumer, families,  hardworking families. In fact, the people hit the hardest are the  lowest income people.   Remember when President Biden promised if you make less than  $400,000, you won't pay a dime in new taxes? Sounded great, except he  is already pledging to break that promise by increasing taxes on, among  many other things, natural gas.   That is right. If you use natural gas to heat your home or cool your  home, you are going to pay more, double digits more, every single month  under President Biden's plan. That is right. He broke that promise.   Then if you look at all of his other assaults on American energy, if  it was all about carbon emissions and saving the planet, well, guess  what? Those foreign countries that we were talking about, whether it is  Russia or OPEC nations, they emit more carbon to make the same oil. To  produce oil emits carbon.   In America, we actually do it better than anywhere else in the world.  If you want to reduce carbon emissions, make more of it here in  America, not less.   Why would you want to give a gift to countries that don't have the  same standards we have?   Too often, you see liberals on the other side wanting to bash America  every single day. You know, hit America, attack America.   Enough is enough. People are figuring this out. They are paying more  at the pump. They are paying more at the grocery store. They are paying  more for everything because of these radical assaults on American  energy and American entrepreneurialism.   Free market capitalism is under assault by Big Government socialism.  That is what this fight is about.   We are going to continue to stand up for American energy and to get  the facts out. If you are going to make stuff anywhere in the world, if  you want to produce steel, make it in America, because if you make it  in China or India or some other country, they emit five times more  carbon.    Yet, what President Biden is doing in his policies is attacking that  very American energy that works to create great jobs here at home to  rebuild our middle class, to help those hardworking families who are  sick and tired of paying more, and stop giving gifts to foreign  countries like China.   I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his leadership.   