 Mr. President, I have introduced 12 bills against President  Biden's vaccine mandate. Most of these bills should have been supremely  noncontroversial. Some of the bills would have made sure that the  exemptions President Biden announced were actually efficacious in the  final mandate. Another bill would have made sure that the government  didn't vaccinate children without the consent of their parents. Yet  another would have provided transparency to the American people on  exactly how their tax dollars are being used in this area.   Lamentably, each time I asked that one of these bills pass this body,  one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle objected. They  determined that legislation protecting religious, medical, and moral  exceptions to the mandate were not helpful. They decided that the  American people do not deserve to understand how their tax dollars are  funding research or COVID relief. They declared that laws protecting  parents' rights to make the best decisions for their kids were somehow  unnecessary.   On each of these issues, the American people, of course, begged  significantly to differ. Americans don't appreciate it when their  government takes decisions out of their hands. As elections this week  showed, parents want a voice in their children's education, and they  certainly want to be respected when it comes to medical decisions  involving and affecting their children as directly as this one does.   Crippling inflation and polling data on Americans' economic outlook  show  [[Page S7776]]  that people want government to be more responsible and more transparent  in how it oversees their tax dollars and how it spends them. Those on  the other side of the aisle who have objected perhaps aren't getting  that particular message. And how tragic that is.   I have heard from hundreds of Utahns in recent days who are at risk  of losing their livelihoods under the mandate. Many of these  individuals are military servicemembers and first responders. Others  are key workers. Many have legitimate medical or religious reasons not  to be vaccinated. But each one of them is an everyday American. These  are mothers and fathers. They live in our communities. They are people  we call friends and neighbors. In today's economy, all too many of them  are struggling just to get by. Forcing them out of work will put an  unimaginable strain on their families and on our economy at a time when  they can't afford to face additional strains, certainly not one imposed  by the Federal Government.   Additionally, I have heard from countless businesses that are worried  about keeping their doors open should the mandate require them to fire  key members of their workforce, that this just isn't tolerable. These  businesses are already under tremendous strain due to the supply chain  crisis and inflation and the labor shortage. They fear that they will  be unable to operate should the mandate take effect. Every American-- every single American--would suffer if these key industries were to  shut down.   Now, some might say these impacts are far away. Others still might  claim that because the mandate has not yet taken effect, these impacts  aren't real or worth worrying about today. I don't think that is true.  In fact, nothing could be further from the truth.   Now, it is true that President Biden's vaccine mandate is yet to be  officially published in the Federal Register. However, it will be  tomorrow. The unpublished version of the mandate can now be found, as  of a few hours ago, and here is some of what it entails:   If employers have 100 or more employees, they must ensure that their  workers are either fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by December 5 or  that workers test negative for COVID at least once a week by January 4.  If an employer has an employee who has yet to be vaccinated, President  Biden is requiring the employer to pay workers for the time it takes to  get vaccinated and provide sick leave for workers to recover from any  side effects.   What happens if businesses don't comply? Well, President Biden has  threatened them with a nearly $14,000 fine per violation, per person,  per day. This is an administrative nightmare and nothing short of it.   If employees don't want to be vaccinated against COVID-19, then they  must pay for the testing. American workers will be on the hook, and it  is not something most Americans can afford.   Mr. President, seeing that we have a vote approaching, I ask  unanimous consent that Senator Peters and I be able to speak for a  period of time not to exceed an additional 5 minutes to complete our  remarks.    So today I am offering a bill that would help with this  situation. My No Forced Vaccination for COVID-19 Act would prevent the  President of the United States or any executive branch agency from  issuing a general vaccine mandate, including a mandate that requires an  individual to be vaccinated or undergo periodic testing. It would end  this extraordinary nightmare for millions of Americans and key  businesses. It would put this sorry, mean, cruel saga to an end.   The people of Utah and the United States will rest easy if this bill  passes. We would be able to focus on encouraging vaccination in  reasonable, acceptable, and constitutional ways. I think this is what  we all want.   Ultimately, I believe in these vaccines. I am fully vaccinated. I  have encouraged everyone around me to be vaccinated. I believe these  vaccines are helping to protect millions of Americans from the harms of  COVID. What is not helping Americans is President Biden's mandate. We  can fix that today. That is why I am encouraging my colleagues to  support this bill.   To that end, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 3170, which is at the desk. I ask further that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, this isn't about whether we are against the  virus; we are. It is not about whether we are for the vaccine; we are.  It is about the fact that only 14 percent of Americans believe that it  is fair, just, and proper to fire someone because they refuse to get  the vaccine.   It is not appropriate for the President of the United States or this  government to be ordering everyone to be fired, removing someone from  their ability to put bread on the table for their children. It is  immoral. It is wrong. It is without foundation and law. It is contrary  to the constitutional word. This is shameful. I will be back and I  won't stop until we are finished.   