 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose this disastrous  attempt to suspend the debt ceiling.   For the past 9 months, the Democrat-led House has made spending  trillions of dollars on Big Government socialist and Green New Deal  programs their priority. They have done this while ignoring so many  critical needs of our country, which has led to a crisis at our  southern border, runaway inflation, rising crime, workforce shortages,  and a disastrous retreat from Afghanistan.   For the most part, my colleagues on the left have simply ignored  these crises, while Republicans have introduced commonsense legislation  and pushed the administration to answer for these very real and  concerning issues.   But today we are facing a crisis by their own creation that they  cannot ignore: suspending the debt ceiling when we already have $28  trillion in debt. Some of my colleagues have even suggested that we  should abandon the debt limit altogether, giving the Federal Government  no safeguards to prevent ballooning debt and damaging the United  States' credit rating.   Families, farmers, businesses, and even State and local governments  have to live within their means and make responsible financial  decisions to be successful, but the attitude in Washington continues to  pass on massive debt to future generations in exchange for our current  lifestyle.   But we aren't looking at this debt crisis in a vacuum. We could be  voting on $5.5 trillion in more spending soon if Speaker Pelosi can  pull together her caucus.   Suspending the debt ceiling while also proposing trillions in new  spending is reckless. Every American, adult and child, already bears  the burden of about $85,000 each. Raising the debt ceiling is about  future spending. An unlimited debt ceiling until December of 2022 would  result in a massive increase in spending by the Democrats.   The last debt ceiling increase covered all of the spending done  during the Trump administration and for the first 7 months of the Biden  administration. We can't just keep kicking the can down the road for  future generations to figure out. We need to stop the reckless  spending, taxing, and borrowing now.  [[Page H5530]]  That is the best way to protect the full faith and credit of the United  States.   