 Mr. Speaker, in less than 6 months, the Biden  administration's policies have disrupted the fundamentals of our  economy and have caused significant inflation.  [[Page H2881]]    In March, congressional Democrats pushed through the $1.9 trillion  American Rescue Plan, some thought after the recovery began, in a  highly partisan process without one Republican vote. This level of  spending was unwarranted. Even many liberal-minded economists estimated  it was three times bigger than needed and warned of inflationary  pressures not seen in a generation as a result.   Inflation occurs when too many dollars are chasing too few goods, and  predictability, this influx of spending resulted in prices increasing  4.2 percent in April and 5 percent last month. The reality is that  inflation is a tax, Mr. Speaker, on every American family who is now  paying more for essential goods, such as food and gasoline and many  others, and whose savings are now worth less. Again, even liberal- minded economists called this the least responsible fiscal policy of  the last 40 years.   At the same time, businesses are struggling to compete with Federal  unemployment benefits. In one month, 4 million Americans walked off  their jobs. Last month, there were a record 9.3 million open jobs, a  level not seen since the beginning of World War II, when Americans were  leaving to go fight the war. Yet, the Biden administration denies the  correlation between open jobs and excessive, untargeted unemployment  benefits.   Undeterred by the data, the Biden administration shows no sign of  letting up, proposing a $6 trillion budget this year that will put our  country on a path to record debt and that reports show will disrupt our  long-term economic growth.   The Biden administration is persistent in its charade that inflation  is not occurring, unemployment benefits don't deter work, and their  policies won't significantly disrupt our country's strength and  economic growth.   The reality is, the Biden agenda only grows government, not the  private-sector economy.    This can be a great American decade if we unleash the power of  American innovators and entrepreneurs, but we can't do that under the  yoke of excessive and untargeted spending, increased taxes, and  inflation. We must, Mr. Speaker, grow opportunity in America, which  creates the American Dream. Government should only serve this purpose.   