 Madam Speaker, as my colleagues before me have  said, this is not about Mr. Gosar. This is about hypocrisy from the  majority and the double standard. Does anyone in this Chamber think we  would be here today if the exact situation was reversed? Clearly, we  would not be here today.   Madam Speaker, the American people don't care about what we are doing  here today. When we get back to our districts next week, no one will  ask us, Well, what about the cartoon video? What happened with that?  The media cares--as we can see here today--my colleagues across the  aisle care because they have an opportunity again here. But what our  hardworking constituents care about is the disastrous policies enacted  by this administration and the majority; the disastrous policies, none  of which are working.   We cannot point to one thing in the country that is going well under  these disastrous policies. The border invasion, the rising gas prices,  the out-of-control inflation, the reckless spending of our children's  future, the failure in Afghanistan, the failure of our standing around  the world. There is not one issue--rising crime--nothing they can point  to.   So instead, we point to a distraction here today to pretend that this  matters to the American people. We have got this faux outrage, as  others who have said, because the Rasmussen poll said just this week  that on the generic ballot Republicans are up by 13 percent, but the  tone-deaf majority is trying to ram through as much of their partisan  agenda as they can.    But what they are going to find out is America spoke two weeks ago in  the election, and there are many of their constituents, and now former  Democrats who spoke two weeks ago as well, and they are saying, what in  the world are we doing here on the House floor today? We are stalling  before we try to pass a radical build back bankrupt Bernie and AOC's  budget bill. And here we are today trying to punish a Member, another  ounce of flesh, trying to silence Republican voices on committees.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote against this sham  bill and resolution.   