 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Two questions, as we begin another 24 hours that will deepen the  wounds of the country and the disaffection among Americans:   First, will you stop at nothing?   Second, is there any hypocrisy too far?   Let's call this what it is: An ultimatum, an attempt to intimidate  and bully Vice President Pence. They are not seeking just the same ends  as the gentleman from California (Mr. McClintock) said, they employ the  same means. They seek to bully the Vice President to abuse power under  the 25th Amendment, intended to provide for temporary or sudden  incapacity of the President while they claim to be scandalized about  the President bullying the Vice President one week ago to abuse power  under the 12th Amendment.   With all due respect for the gentleman from Maryland, he has not  answered: Why are you doing this now?   Tonight, the Vice President has clarified in a letter sent to all of  us at 7:34 p.m. that this resolution has absolutely no other purpose.  Here are three key things he said: ``I urge you and every Member of  Congress to avoid actions that would further divide and inflame the  passions of the moment. Work with us to lower the temperature and unite  our country. . . . `'   Quote: ``As you know full well, the 25th Amendment was designed to  address Presidential incapacity or disability.''   Quote: ``Under our Constitution, the 25th Amendment is not a means of  punishment or usurpation.''   And listen to this one carefully: ``Last week, I did not yield to  pressure to exert power beyond my constitutional authority . . . , and  I will not now yield to efforts in the House of Representatives to play  political games at a time so serious in the life of our Nation.''   The Vice President has given you your answer before you ask the  question. No legitimate purpose to this resolution remains. Your  ultimatum does violence to a core feature of the architecture of the  Constitution. The Framers were emphatic about their purpose to avoid  making the President a creature of Congress. The 25th Amendment was not  ratified to change that, as you well know. Please do not pervert this  important protection to undermine the Constitution.   