 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the INVEST in America  Act. It is a bill that I have co-led because it would help fix our  country's decaying and unreliable infrastructure.   America has always used infrastructure to grow our Nation and our  economy, but those improvements have left behind too many people in  underserved and rural communities.   In Congress, we have a responsibility to make sure everyone has an  opportunity to achieve the American Dream. That is why the INVEST in  America Act is so critical.   It provides funds to build or improve roads, bridges, and tunnels  throughout America, and it will allow access and development within  those communities.   For example, it provides $95 billion to improve passenger rail travel  nationwide. That figure includes almost $19 billion to help Amtrak  upgrade stations and tracks. And it provides $13.5 billion for rail  improvements in the Northeast corridor.   It would spend $25 billion to repair and rebuild bridges, train  stations, and train tunnels across this Nation.   Most important, it provides $25 billion to modernize existing rail  and expand into more American communities. The expansion would increase  our opportunities for jobs and prosperity in underserved communities.   We need to make these investments now and improve the lives of  millions of Americans in the process.    Madam Speaker, to the gentleman on the right, I would like  to use a great quote from somebody who all of you loved over there:  ``There you go again.''   Madam Speaker, as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads,  Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, I rise today in opposition to the  amendments offered en bloc, including the one offered by Mr. Perry that  would prohibit expansion of Amtrak service.   I strongly oppose the prohibition which would prevent Amtrak from  expanding their network across the country. Allowing Amtrak to expand  the national network will connect communities that have previously been  isolated and create new economic opportunities. It is vital that we add  new service to underserved cities and not just maintain the status quo.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendments offered  en bloc.   