 Mr. President, I rise today to keep fighting for those  who are still hurting from this plague. I am fighting for those who  have yet to receive the vaccine, and I am fighting for those who are  not back to work. I am fighting to protect Medicare dollars.   But do you know who I am really here to speak for today? My three  grandsons. I actually received a phone call this morning from two of  them--actually, a FaceTime--and they wanted to share a story with me of  a fish they caught last night. I am here to protect their future and to  make sure that someday their grandkids will be able to call them and  talk about a great moment in their lives.   Certainly, I am here to fight to get our children back to school, but  do you know what I believe is the largest threat to their future, to  their dreams, and to their success? It is the national debt. It is not  just a threat to their education. It is a threat to the infrastructure  they will be using for the next 20 years of their life, as well as a  threat to the national security of their families.   Now, without question, I am here to fight for those who need the help  now, but I am also called to help the future of our country, and our  children and our grandchildren are the future of this country.   As everybody in this room knows, we have already borrowed $4  trillion--$4 trillion--from our grandchildren to fight this virus. But  over $1 trillion remains on the sideline and is yet to be spent. Now,  my suggestion is, Why don't we start by repurposing those dollars and  target them where they are needed the most, which is exactly what we  would do in the business world from which I came very recently?   Look, this great American economy is coming back. The long, dark,  cold winter is almost over. Unemployment is under 4 percent in Kansas  and many other States, and it looks like we are going to have a strong  first-quarter GDP number.   Now, as an aside, I have to highlight, though, the way this partisan  bill is written, it rewards those States that overreacted and totally  shut down their economies and their schools. Bailing out mismanaged  States at the expense of taxpayers is simply not American.   If this administration and our Governors do their job, we can have  nationwide herd immunity by April or May, and, by summer, our economy  can be back to prepandemic levels, all without borrowing another $2  trillion from our grandchildren. That comes out to $6,000 to each child  and to each one of your grandchildren--$6,000 we want to borrow. So  walk up to your children or to your grandchildren and say: Hey, we want  to borrow $6,000 from you to help bail out some mismanaged governments.   So, listen, we truly want to help those who need the help. And I ask  my colleagues across the aisle: Why do you want to borrow another $2  trillion from our grandchildren and only spend 9 percent--only 9  percent--on direct COVID relief? We simply cannot print enough money up  here to solve these problems long term unless we lock in on the real,  most pressing challenges.   This is what we need to do to defeat the virus, and it is very  simple: get shots into arms, get people back to work, and get our kids  in school. If we do these three things, our economy and Republic will  come booming back.   Call this bill in front of us what you want: a boondoggle, a  Christmas tree--a Christmas tree decorated with earmarks as ornaments  and full of so much pork, it is dripping grease.   My friends across the aisle focused 91 percent of their attention in  this bill to pay for things like a bridge from New York to Canada and  an underground railroad project in Silicon Valley, money for Planned  Parenthood, and stimulus checks for illegal immigrants and violent  criminals.   Now, you can argue for this loan from our grandchildren, if you would  like and if you don't care about their future, but at the end of the  day, we are trying to borrow $2 trillion from our grandchildren to  spend on partisan pet projects, and I will never agree to that.   Let me stress once more what I am for: getting vaccines into arms,  getting people back to work, and getting kids back to school.   I yield the floor.   