 Thank you, Senator Durbin, and thank you, Senators  Durbin and Lee, for bringing some common sense to the principles of  checks and balances of government.   In this particular case, it is not checks and balances between the  legislative branch and the executive branch so much as it is injecting  another level of checks on abusive authority within the executive  branch.   So I strongly support this act and the bipartisan work of you two  Senators to bring greater accountability to the attorneys at the  Department of Justice.   Congress created the inspectors general to be independent. They don't  just investigate whatever their Agency or Congress might want them to;  the law says that inspectors general shine a light on waste, fraud, and  abuse in Federal Agencies. Sometimes transparency is very  uncomfortable, but it is extremely necessary.   You are not going to get real accountability if you have an Agency's  employees policing themselves. Right now, the only folks who can  investigate the Justice Department attorneys are other Justice  Department attorneys. This system erodes public trust and creates clear  conflict of interest.   For example, the Justice Department attorneys reviewed the plea  agreement given to serial child sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. I note  that many of my colleagues here found that internal review  ``substantively inadequate.'' Those are words from my colleagues. Had  the inspector general conducted the review, he might have gotten  somewhere with it, just like he did with the behavior of FBI agents in  the Larry Nassar case. What if we had left that investigation to the  FBI to police itself?   This is why the Justice Department inspector general has identified  as the Agency's No. 1 top management challenge ``strengthening public  trust'' in the Justice Department. One way to fix that is to make sure  the independent inspector general has the same authority over all  Department employees. Why do FBI analysts and DEA agents require more  independent scrutiny than Department attorneys? This is so simple that  even a lawyer could get this.  [[Page S9064]]    I heard rumors that my friend Senator Cotton may be objecting to  this--a person I agree with 90 percent of the time. It seems to be very  uncharacteristic. He and I believe alike that there are two ways of  doing business in the United States: life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness or let the bureaucrats run everything. And I know Senator  Cotton is a person who doesn't think bureaucrats should run everything.  In this case, nothing is reviewable by people who make a decision not  to produce this. That is the height of irresponsibility.   I yield the floor.    Well, following on the Christmas season message that we  just heard, this season is around the corner, and Democrats are  scrambling very, very hard to deliver on their liberal wish list before  the end of the year. And that's not a Christmas list that people--or an  agenda that people are going to accept very well, from what I've heard  about the opposition to the trillions of dollars that they are trying  to spend.   This grab bag of long-sought, new government programs is a top  priority for Washington Democrats. Meanwhile, the bigger concern that I  hear around Iowa is rising prices on everything from gas, to food, to  home goods.   Americans doing their holiday shopping this year are finding items  out of stock and, when in stock, paying far more for less. Even the  Christmas tree is no exception. Christmas tree prices are up 30  percent.   Overall, consumer prices were up 6.2 percent on an annual basis in  the month of October--a 31-year high. Economists polled by the Wall  Street Journal expect November inflation to shoot up to 6.7 percent.  Even some analysts are saying that it could be closer to 7 percent.   Americans are experiencing the highest inflation in a generation. The  last thing they need for Christmas is another Democrat spending  boondoggle further fanning the flames of inflation.   They ought to listen to their own Democrat economists. Larry Summers,  former Secretary of Treasury in the Clinton administration, Council of  Economic Advisers in the Obama administration, warning us in January,  again in April, again in August, again in October, I saw on television.  They're pouring fires on the--gasoline on the fires of inflation.   Unfortunately, unless our voices of reason within the Democratic  Party prevail, that's exactly what they are going to get, more  inflation. Democrats say there is nothing to worry about because--to  quote Treasury Secretary Yellen--their bill is, ``fully paid for.''   We know that's not true. But even the Washington Post isn't buying  Yellen's statement, and they said that by awarding the Secretary two  Pinocchios for her comment. The reality is Democrats pull every budget  trick in the book in an attempt to cloak the reckless tax-and-spending  spree with the illusion of fiscal responsibility.   However, even their budget sleight of hands fail to mask the upfront  inflationary pressures embedded in that  [[Page S9067]]  very bill. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office-- CBO, as we call it around here--their bill contains hundreds of  billions of dollars in deficit spending in each of the first 5 years.   That means that, regardless of what Democrats say, their bill will  add to inflation pressures now when it matters most. Under honest  assumptions, the deficit spending never stops.   According to the Penn Wharton Budget Model, their analysis, if their  spending proposals are permanent, as they intend, their plan would  increase debt and deficits by more than $2 trillion over 10 years. As a  result, by 2050, government debt would be 24 percent higher, economic  growth will be 3 percent higher, and wages of the middle class would be  1.7 percent less than they would otherwise be.   Now, they go by the bill, building back better. Sounds to me like all  of this is building back worse. So I urge my Democratic colleagues to  pursue and rethink the approach. Securing a near-term ideological win  is not worth the risk of spurring unchecked inflation, sapping the  value of America's hard-earned dollars.   I yield the floor.   