 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 42, submitted earlier  today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, with  no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I would like to thank my  colleague Senator Rubio for joining me to introduce this resolution  today honoring the 17 victims of the senseless attack at Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School on February 14, 2018: Alyssa Alhadeff,  Scott Beigel, Martin Duque Anguiano, Nicholas Dworet, Aaron Feis, Jaime  Guttenberg, Chris Hixon, Luke Hoyer, Cara Loughran, Gina Montalto,  Joaquin Oliver, Alaina Petty, Meadow Pollack, Helena Ramsay, Alex  Schachter, Carmen Schentrup, Peter Wang.   I think of those innocent lives almost every day, lost too early in  the tragic shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in  Parkland, FL.   These individuals were sons, daughters, parents, and partners. They  were educators, athletes, musicians. Many of them just kids, with a  life full of promise ahead of them.   My heart breaks knowing they will never get to pursue their dreams  and that their families will always have a piece of their heart  missing.   Since that horrible day, I have worked closely with many of the  victims' families to ensure no child, educator, or family has to  experience that again.   We passed the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act  while I was Governor of Florida to make sure our State does everything  in its power to prevent further tragedies.   Now, as a U.S. Senator, I am fighting for improvements on the Federal  level, including the Luke and Alex School Safety Act, named after Luke  Hoyer and Alex Schachter, which builds on our work to keep schools  safe.   And while we can't bring back these lives lost that tragic day nearly  3 years ago, I will always work to honor those lost and do everything  in my power to protect our students and educators and ensure they have  a safe environment to learn and succeed.   Now, I yield the floor to my colleague Senator Rubio   