 Madam President, it is possible--it is just possible-- that the Republican Senator from Kentucky, who is the minority leader  on the floor, has been sitting in on the revenue negotiations for the  reconciliation. But it is possible--I don't rule that out--it is  possible that we didn't know it, but he was actually sitting for  breakfast in Wilmington, DE, with Schumer, Manchin, and other leaders  as they were hammering out the revenue and tax portions, but I doubt  it.   I doubt that the Senator from Kentucky has really been in the inner  workings and decision process of what is going to be in the revenue  package when it comes to the reconciliation bill. I couldn't tell you.   Maybe the Presiding Officer knows more than I do; but it is a matter  of negotiation, and it is ongoing, and it has not been agreed to. Yet  when you hear the Senator from Kentucky come to the floor, he is  announcing what is going to be in the package as if he knows. I don't  think he does.   There are a couple of things that we do know for sure. We know what  the Republican vision of tax policy in America is because they have  shown it to us over and over again. When Donald Trump was elected  President, the Republican Senators had a chance to do their  reconciliation package, and they devoted it to changing the Tax Code.   And to no one's surprise, they came through with their time-honored  approach: cut taxes on the wealthiest people in America and the poor  and middle-class people will be happy as clams.   Well, they did it and did it again and added to the deficit in the  process. In fact, under their Republican President, Donald Trump, we  had the largest increase--36 percent--in the debt than under any  President in history.   So when they come talking to us about tax policy, they favor the  rich; and the impact on the deficit, they don't pay any attention to it  when they have a President of their own party. I think we know that the  facts speak for themselves.   Here is what we do know as well: One of the provisions in the  American Rescue Plan under President Biden really specifically went  after helping working families and lower-income families. And it bears  remembering and repeating that not a single Republican was willing to  vote for that package in either the Senate or the House. They all voted  against it.   One of the things included in it was a tax break for families with  kids. How about that? A tax break for families with kids instead of a  tax break for the multimillionaires and billionaires which were part of  the Republican package 4 years ago.   So it basically came down to kids under the age of 6, parents  received $300 a month in a tax break; and those between 6 and 17--I  think these figures are correct--received $250 a month. That money  flowing to these families with children was the largest tax cut--it  really dwarfed anything that the Republicans ever did to help working  families. And we are trying to keep it on the books. I am, and I think  you are too, and all of us are.   Do you know why? Because we have too darn many families struggling in  America, and they are in poverty.   And we talk a lot about it, and we say: ``Isn't it a darn shame in a  great country like this? That you can't afford food for your children,  you can't afford a roof over your head, you are facing eviction, you  can't afford the basics to send them to school, you can't afford new  clothes and a new pair of shoes.''   We say, Isn't it a darn shame. But now we have done something about  it in the American Rescue Plan without a single Republican vote, not  one. So our tax policy helps lower-income families, particularly those  with children, and if we can do it--I think we can--we can engineer  that tax cut to make it permanent to help families.   I just heard President Biden--he was in New Jersey speaking about  infrastructure and Build Back Better, the reconciliation plan. He said  that in the State of New Jersey, this child tax credit, which we  enacted without a single Republican vote helping us, has reduced child  poverty in that State by 36 percent. I will bet you it has done the  same thing in my State if it has done it in New Jersey.   So we are getting practical results that help working families. If we  have our way in reconciliation, we are going to give the largest tax  cut in the history of this country to middle-income and working  families, exactly the opposite of what the Senator from Kentucky just  said: ``Oh, it'll be the biggest tax increase in history.''   Well, there will be a tax increase, I hope, for those who can afford  to pay it, and that means the same people who got a benefit 4 years ago  from the Trump Republican tax policy.   A lady named Lydia in my home State of Illinois described what this  means to her. She wrote to my office, and she said: ``With the child  tax credit, I'll be able to buy my kids their school supplies, clothes,  things they need to go back to school,'' and she added, ``be able to  buy some groceries.''    Think about the last time that any Senator stopped and thought: I  wonder if I will have enough money to buy groceries this week.   Here is a mom in Illinois, with kids, who says that our tax policy-- the one that was just criticized by the Senate Republican leader--is  helping her.   Well, if the Republicans were in charge, I am afraid they would take  that money that Lydia, who wrote to me, is talking about buying  groceries and put it right in Jeff Bezos' pocket.   Now, I have nothing against Mr. Bezos. He has done fabulously well. I  have talked to him once, maybe twice, a long, long time ago. I am not  opposed to people investing in business, being successful, and making  money, but I don't believe that his income should be somehow walled off  from the Tax Code. I believe he ought to pay his fair share. And if I  remember correctly--and I will stand corrected if I am wrong--I don't  believe he paid taxes last year.   So we are looking at that and saying: Mr. Bezos, congratulations.  Amazon is a big deal. It is making a lot of money, and all of us--most  of us--are participating in it, but you ought to pay some taxes. If you  can build rockets and  [[Page S7326]]  take your friends up for a little shot into space, shouldn't you pay a  few bucks in taxes?   I don't think it is unreasonable.   The same thing holds true for these corporations. When we look at the  biggest corporations and most profitable in America, too darned many of  them pay no Federal taxes.   What is going on here?   We live in a country where success leads to wealth, and wealth leads,  I think, to some social responsibility, and that includes paying your  taxes.   Under President Biden's Build Back Better agenda, we want to extend  the child tax credit, give working families a little breathing room,  and reduce child poverty in America. Now, if they want to come up and  criticize us for reducing child poverty in America, so be it, but call  it for what it is. We are putting our tax policy on the side of  families with kids.   For our Republican colleagues who say families like Lydia's don't  need any help, they do. And we cannot walk away from them.   Not a single Republican will vote for this reconciliation bill. We  know it. They didn't vote for the rescue plan. That is just their  choice. I'm sorry to say that we are not going to build back America  better unless we change some policy and tax policy to help working  families makes a difference.   I mentioned to you how the deficit skyrocketed during the Trump  administration. Well, the Senator from Kentucky comes and repeats over  and over again: Well, they are going to do it again; they are going to  run up the deficit.   We have a plan to pay for the programs that we are talking about, and  it means putting a new tax responsibility on people who are wealthy.   The President made it clear: I don't want taxes going up on anybody  making less than $400,000 a year.   So any tax policy we have will affect the wealthy and corporations  that aren't paying their fair share. That is our approach. It is quite  a bit different than the Republican approach.   Building back better is also going to do something about easing long- term inflationary pressure and making life affordable for families. The  things we will invest in, in the Build Back Better agenda, are spread  over a number of years, and they will pave the way for an enduring  economic recovery. These policies will help parents get back to work by  making safe, reliable childcare more accessible.   I don't know what the final negotiations will be on Build Back  Better. We know the amount of money involved is going to be less than  we originally thought. We are going to have to change some things, but  I certainly hope that this idea of childcare--affordable, quality, safe  childcare--is part of the final package.   It means so much to so many working families, particularly to moms  who can't get back to work unless they have peace of mind and have  their kids in good hands while they are working.   Everyone, from single mothers to our Nation's economists, can tell  you the best way to stabilize the American economy is by supporting  working families.   In fact, the report by Moody's concluded that the Republican  fearmongering about inflation--and we hear it every day on the floor-- Moody's called it ``overdone.'' Moody's is hardly a Democratic  publication. But the fear of inflation is one of the reasons  Republicans give for not wanting to even talk about changing tax policy  in America.   This pandemic has shown us the cracks in our economy. This Build Back  Better package will get us to the point where we can start to rebuild  it in the right way--give families financial relief, invest in our  Nation's economic potential.   The President said in New Jersey--and I couldn't agree with him  more--we have never gone wrong in America investing in the people in  this country. We have a lot of hard-working people. They do it every  single day for their families. Those who come to this country keep up  the tradition.   But they need the tools to succeed. One of those tools is education.  I hope we can find a way to expand opportunities in education for  training for our workers into the 21st century.   Talk about giving the store to the Chinese, if we don't invest in our  workers and their training and education in the next generation to make  sure that it is smarter than the last, then, we are going to lose  ground to the Chinese.   I wanted to say one last word here. I see the Senator from Ohio is  here so I am going to be quick about this.   It is easy to overlook--take a look at this chart. It is easy to  overlook computer chips, small pieces of silicon. They power so many  products and appliances, that we use every day, that we don't pay much  attention. They are in our computers, smartphones, lifesaving medical  equipment, appliances, microwaves, and our cars--dozens even in the  cars that we drive.   There is a global shortage of microchips. That is one of the reasons  why it has slowed down production of new vehicles and why the market  for used vehicles is tighter than usual, because of these little chips.  And we have become too reliant on foreign countries to produce them.   In a bill that we considered a few months ago, we put direct  investment in America in building microchips. I think that is money  well spent. I hope it works. I think it can. If we can provide these  microchips, we don't have to wait for some company in Taiwan or China  to send us this critical element that is needed to build all of these  products.   The global shortage of computer chips and the higher cost to  consumers is one example of how we failed to invest in our Nation's  resilience. I have to say that education and investment in American  production and workers is the best way to get this economy moving  again. We need to have a reserve supply of these chips so that we can  build the autos and provide for the assembly lines and stabilize prices  for everything from toasters to tractors.   It is an important undertaking, and I hope my colleagues will realize  that Build Back Better, the reconciliation bill, is dedicated to the  same premise.    Several faith leaders also submitted letters, including  Rev. Allison DeFoor, who wrote that Ms. Perez is ``an individual of the  highest integrity. She is thoughtful and sound in her judgment and  committed to principles of justice that transcend politics. She  embodies the true meaning of public service and would be an exceptional  federal judge.''   Ms. Perez's nomination received bipartisan support in the Judiciary  Committee.   In short, she is a seasoned litigator, ready to take on an important  job. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting her.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner) are necessarily  absent.   