 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman  for yielding.   I have no hesitancy to take on the distinguished gentleman from  Maryland on the points that he has made. I would say first of all this:  I hope that he will continue to read those text messages because they  don't prove what he thinks they prove; quite the contrary.   I can't think of how many times the gentleman from California has  spoken in derisive terms about Donald Trump, Jr., but Donald Trump  Jr.'s tweets show that he was concerned about exactly the right things.   You don't see tweets coming from Republicans about bailing out  violent rioters, abolishing police forces, or decrying the plight of  Jussie Smollett.   I think the issue with the effort today before the body is how  Democrats are dealing with the President's close counselor and the  legal principles that arise therefrom, especially the constant and  repeated threat of criminal prosecution in the face of an unresolved  issue of privilege.   When you treat noncompliance as willful noncompliance, you mean there  is a lack of good faith basis. But the record in this case in the House  Report is replete with contentions over the nature and extent of the  President's executive privilege.   The positions that are taken on Mr. Meadows' behalf are those that  have been continually asserted by the Department of Justice; in fact,  many others. Many other potential objections he has completely waived.  He has not attempted to assert the fact that your subpoena is inquiring  into legitimate First Amendment rights to associate, to speak, to  petition for redress or in the absence of a legitimate legislative  purpose.   And to the point repeated over and over by the gentleman from  Maryland, the current position on privilege is entirely sensible. Mr.  Meadows has produced those documents that are implicated by the  current President's waiver of privilege, but he preserves that core  part of privilege that President Trump is likely entitled to preserve;  that is to say what he was told by one of his closest advisers.    Nothing illegitimate about it at all. What is illegitimate is the  decision  [[Page H7653]]  made on how to deal with the counselor of a President, the  representative of a coordinate branch of government.   The Democrats are setting a new bar. Even while the handwriting is on  the wall, may you enjoy the fruits. Let the contempt resolutions and  the criminal referrals flow freely and quickly as a river. Merrick  Garland, Ron Klain, Hunter Biden, Chuck Dolan, Marc Elias, Andrew  Weissmann, Alejandro Mayorkas. Let them come.   This is the choice that is being made by the Democrats.   