 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2131 to the  substitute and ask that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    While he is still on the floor, I want to thank my friend  and colleague. He and I came together in the House of Representatives a  million years ago. We were part of the class of 1982, a huge class-- over 80 Democrats and Republicans. It has been a joy to serve with him,  and I especially am proud of him--the words he has just said here  today, healing words, uniting words--and we are grateful for his  leadership.   Colleagues, the Senate is now considering the substitute amendment to  H.R. 3684, the INVEST Act, and I rise today to urge our colleagues to  join Senator Capito, who is sitting to my right, and me in debating the  legislation, offering improvements where needed to it, and then voting  for its adoption.   In February of this year, at my encouragement, President Biden  invited Senator Capito, Senators Cardin, Inhofe, and me, all senior  members of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, over  to the White House right after he was inaugurated President to discuss  the need to make bold investments in our Nation's crumbling  infrastructure.   Sitting in the Oval Office that day, as I am sure the ranking member  of our committee remembers, we were joined in person by the Vice  President of the United States, Kamala Harris, and we were joined  virtually by Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg. I still want  to call him Mayor Pete, but he has actually turned out to be a pretty  good Secretary of Transportation as well.   Because of our committee's longstanding tradition of bipartisan work  on infrastructure, my colleagues and I already knew as we headed into  the White House meeting that our Nation had fallen woefully short-- woefully short--in maintaining and developing the critical  infrastructure that supports us, our families, and our economy. But  don't take my word for it. Don't take my word for it. The American  Society of Civil Engineers' 2021 report card for America's  infrastructure gave our Nation's infrastructure an overall grade of C- minus. In recent years, that rating has been as low as D-plus, a D, D- minus. Still, a C-minus is nothing to brag about; rather, it is a wake- up call to get our act together at a time, if you will, to move it on  up. Move it on up.    That is what our new President called on us to do that day in order  to help America move on up and move ahead. Without casting aspersions  or affixing blame, he made it clear that America hadn't been getting  the job done on this front for years and that by working together-- working together--we could do something about it, while creating  millions of new jobs--a lot of them without college degrees--at the  same time.   He asked us--leaders on the Senate Committee on Environment and  Public Works--he asked us to help jump-start the effort by getting to  work on crafting and reporting to the full Senate surface  transportation legislation, along with legislation to repair and  upgrade drinking water and water sanitation infrastructure, as soon as  we could.   Working together with all 20 members of the Environment and Public  Works Committee--10 Democrats, 10 Republicans--that is exactly what we  did in record time and with record levels, historic levels, of  investment.   After soliciting input, I am sure my colleague from West Virginia  recalls, from all 50 States--all 50 States--we crafted and then  unanimously forwarded our water infrastructure bill out of committee to  the full Senate--unanimously. There, it was debated, amended, and  adopted by a vote of 89 to 2--89 to 2; you don't hear that every day-- on April 29, 2021.   With that behind us, we turned our attention to surface  transportation legislation--roads, highways, bridges, climate--and  unanimously reported our surface transportation bill to the full Senate  by Memorial Day, the fastest the committee has ever acted, I am told,  on such legislation.   I have thanked Senator Capito so many times, she is probably getting  sick of it, but I want to thank her again, and I want to thank every  member of our committee with whom we were privileged to serve on the  Environment and Public Works Committee, along with the members of our  staffs, some of whom are gathered here today, for their remarkable work  on these important, bipartisan bills.   Speaking of staff, I look over my shoulder, and I see of our people  right behind me. I look over the other shoulder, and I see some  Republican staff over on the other side.   I especially want to pause and just thank our Environment and Public  Works staff director, Mary Frances Repko; our chief counsel, Greg  Dotson; as well as Rebecca Higgins, who leads our transportation team;  and Kenneth Martin and Jordan Baugh as well.   A special thank-you to John Kane and Annie D'Amato, who ably led our  efforts on water infrastructure; to Laura Haynes Gillam, our leader on  [[Page S5533]]  climate; and finally to my indefatigable chief of staff, Emily Spain. I  practiced that word all night to make sure I got it right.   I hasten to add that we couldn't get any of this done without Senator  Capito and the strong, bipartisan support we received from her, from  the EPW minority staff director--I see him sitting over there--Adam  Tomlinson--Adam, thank you--and his hard-working team; I won't mention  them all, but Murphie Barrett, affectionately known as Murphie Brown,  and Travis Cone and Jess Kramer.   You know, you would expect the chair of the Environment and Public  Works Committee or the ranking member to be proud of their committee's  work, and we certainly are, but we aren't the only ones who have worked  hard to write the legislation that is before us today, not by a long  shot.   I want to commend the bipartisan work of the Commerce Committee and  the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, along with the efforts of  the Banking Committee.   I especially want to thank the bipartisan group we affectionately  refer to--Senator Durbin already has--affectionately refer to them, at  least most of the time, as the G-22, led by Senators Rob Portman of  Ohio and Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona. I want to thank them and the other  20 Senators--half Democrat, half Republican--for their Herculean  efforts to make this compromise legislation a reality; working not just  with folks here and over in the House but also at the White House as  well, with the President and the President's team.   In the Navy, we have--one of my favorite sayings in the Navy is  ``Bravo Zulu.'' When somebody does extraordinary work, what we would  say is ``Bravo Zulu.'' I would certainly say that on this occasion.   Of course, we all recognize that infrastructure encompasses much more  than water, roads, highways, and bridges. In truth, it touches on the  jurisdictions of many of our committees--many of our committees. That  is why the legislation we are considering today is extraordinary. It is  a comprehensive infrastructure investment package that encompasses  water, highways, roads, bridges, transit, rail, airports, ports, power  systems, dams, broadband, cyber security, ecosystem restoration, and  more.   I would like to pause here for just a moment to remind all of us who  serve in this body, along with the people we are privileged to  represent, that infrastructure is also intensely personal, and when it  does not work, our people suffer, their children suffer, and their  livelihoods suffer. We all know that those who suffer most are those  who have been shortchanged by the patently inadequate investments we  have made for too many years.   In rural parts of Southern Delaware, communities like Ellendale have  struggled for years to find and afford safe alternatives to  increasingly polluted drinking water wells. Ellendale is not alone.  Across our country, hundreds, maybe thousands of communities struggle  with access to clean water and wastewater treatment, including my  native West Virginia, now represented by our colleagues Shelley Capito  and Joe Manchin.   Our communities across this country are torn asunder by--too many  places across this country are torn asunder by highways that have  divided and disrupted neighborhoods across our Nation. In my hometown  of Wilmington, DE, construction of I-95 literally tore communities  apart, cutting off access to neighbors, parks, and economic  opportunity. We can begin to heal those wounds--in places like  Baltimore and Philadelphia as well--heal those wounds with the projects  we enable in this legislation.   The truth be known, almost all of our colleagues have stories like  this to share--communities beset by raging wildfires fueled by climate  change; thousands of acres of farmland lost to flooding; more than a  third of the crops in Iowa destroyed by hurricane-force winds last  year; kids without access to the internet for want of broadband access;  and families struggling to deal with legacy pollutants in the land and  water where they live.   In the near future, I hope we will take some time to celebrate the  significant steps we are taking to rewrite these stories with this  legislation before us. But I want to take a moment or two here today,  if I may, to drill down into some of the most meaningful provisions  reported unanimously out of our committee, the Environment and Public  Works Committee, this year. Let's start with the Drinking Water and  Wastewater Infrastructure Act of 2021.   It is clear that the programs we have now, despite our best efforts,  aren't sufficient to meet the needs of many of our communities,  particularly those who simply can't afford to participate in the  revolving loan programs of their States in order to upgrade  increasingly inadequate drinking water and wastewater facilities.   As our ranking member knows, if communities borrow money out of the  revolving funds, water funds--one for drinking water and one for  sanitation, water sanitation--the communities that borrow money, take  money out of them, they are expected to pay that money back. There are,  as we know, a lot of communities that are just too impoverished to ever  do that. We have decided not just to bemoan that but to actually do  something about it. That is what we have done with this legislation-- provide them with an opportunity to receive a grant to clean up their  water, their drinking water, and to deal with their wastewater.  Millions of Americans are going to be able to do that, to deal with  these challenges, and we are going to help.    This bipartisan legislation works to address this crisis by  authorizing more than $55 billion--$55 billion--for programs that will  create jobs and make our communities healthier by building, repairing,  upgrading, and modernizing our Nation's aging drinking water and  wastewater infrastructure systems--$55 billion dollars.   Here is how. First, the measure takes the historic step of  reauthorizing the Clean Water State Revolving Loan Fund for the first  time in 35 years--35 years. It does so while increasing funding levels  for the first time since 1987.   This legislation also reauthorizes the Drinking Water State Revolving  Fund, a program whose reauthorization expires at the end of this year.  You will recall that this is the fund that helps to ensure that clean  water flows from our faucets when we turn on the spigot.   To help resolve a historic injustice in water infrastructure  investment, more than 40 percent of this bill's investments are  targeted to help disadvantaged communities. The bill appropriates $15  billion in new funding to replace lead service lines. And particularly  for our country's rural areas, including Native Alaskan villages,  Tribal communities, and low-income neighborhoods, our bill invests  another $1 billion in programs to connect households to drinking water  and wastewater systems and services.   This legislation does far more than just fix what is broken. To  borrow a phrase from our President, it truly does enable us to build  back better by fortifying water infrastructure in the face of our new  and worsening climate reality.   Sadly--sadly--our future is one with more severe weather events like  hurricanes, like floods, droughts, and bitterly cold weather. I wish it  weren't true, but it is. It is a future with ever more people living on  the frontlines of sea level rise, like Louisiana, which, on average, if  you can believe this, Louisiana loses a piece of land to the sea  roughly the size of a football field every 100 minutes--every 100  minutes.   To that end, the bill before us provides a combined $500 million to  make our water infrastructure system more resilient and more adaptable  in the face of extreme weather events. Within that historic investment  is a new $125 million program which will for the first time provide  grants to communities seeking to fortify their wastewater systems  against climate change's impacts.   This is not just a bill to spend and build but legislation that will  direct our Agencies to build and spend more wisely. We know that  investment and innovation as envisioned in this bill before us can have  a profound impact on our economy, creating jobs and fostering growth  for entire communities. We can, in short, seize the day in the face of  so much adversity. Seize the day. Carpe diem--or, as we say in  Delaware, Carper diem.   It is fair to say there is also much we can and will do to invest in  our Nation's highways, roads, and bridges. Our Surface Transportation  Reauthorization Act increases the baseline for  [[Page S5534]]  funding our surface transportation programs by more than one-third to  $303 billion over the next 5 years--$303 billion. On top of that, the  legislation will invest over $60 billion in new funds for roads,  bridges, and multimodal programs over these 5 years. This investment  will repair and rebuild our roads and bridges with a new focus on  climate change mitigation, resilience, equity, and safety for all  users, including cyclists and pedestrians.   Every day, motorists cross bridges in poor conditions in too many  parts of our country 170 million times. Every day. Every day. A hundred  and seventy million times a day. Some 40 percent of the bridges in our  country are in need of repair or replacement, including nearly 500  bridges in Massachusetts, 3,000 in Pennsylvania, and God knows, more in  our State as well.   At the current pace of investment in bridges, it would take nearly 40  years--40 years--to tackle the current backlog of bridges in poor  condition. That is right--40 years. That is why today we consider  legislation to provide a $40 billion investment to address our daunting  bridge repair backlog.   Our legislation also includes for the first time in a Senate  reauthorization bill a climate title with provisions dedicated to  curbing harmful greenhouse gas emissions, while ensuring that the  investments we make are more resilient to climate change-enhanced  extreme weather events because, like it or not, it is coming our way.   As many of you know, the transportation sector is the largest source  of carbon emissions in our Nation; almost 30 percent just from one  source: cars, trucks, and vans. If we want to save our planet, and we  do, for our children and grandchildren, we have to tackle this major  contributor to the climate crisis with a special zeal.   The bill we marked up in our committee, the Environment and Public  Works Committee, this spring by, again, a 20-to-0 vote put us on the  right track, dedicating $18 billion toward reducing our carbon  emissions and including $2.5 billion for building electric vehicle  charging and hydrogen fueling stations on highways and in locations  like schools, workplaces, parks, and publicly accessible areas for  communities. This bill also adds another $5 billion for EV charging and  hydrogen fueling stations to help us transition to a zero-emission  future.   A lot of people have heard about and talked about electric vehicle  charging stations. Not so many people have mentioned hydrogen. Hydrogen  is a big part and will play a major role in reducing our carbon  emissions, particularly with midsized trucks and larger trucks, and  also when we talk about reducing carbon emissions in the industrial  sector. So stay tuned. There is a lot more to come on that front.   A great thing about our clean hydrogen investment in vehicles  propelled with hydrogen, with the technology that we have developed, it  creates an emission from these vehicles, but it is water, H2O. I am  told it is water we can actually drink. Think about that.   We can also drive down emissions and curb pollution by supporting  convenient, healthy alternatives to driving. Bicycling and walking are  not only affordable modes of transportation but healthy ones as well-- an important consideration in a nation where all too many Americans are  dying from medical conditions tied to obesity.   Sadly, far too many Americans live in neighborhoods where there are  no safe bike lanes and crosswalks. Tragically, in 2019 alone, over  7,000 pedestrians and bicyclists lost their lives in traffic  accidents--over 7,000 pedestrians. I would wager that many Members of  this body actually knew one or more than one of those victims or their  families personally. So I am grateful that our bill works to address  these needless deaths head-on. The question is, How? By providing a 70- percent increase in funding for programs that develop safe, accessible  pedestrian and bicycle pathways across our Nation and by authorizing  almost $17 billion in funding for highway safety improvements.    I also want to note here some of the critical investments in  infrastructure that are outside of the EPW Committee jurisdiction and  the important work that those committees did to bring this bill to the  floor.   First, a note of appreciation for the portion of the legislation that  was authored by the Senate Commerce Committee, led by Senators Maria  Cantwell and Roger Wicker. As one of the tens of thousands of Americans  who commute to work on the east coast by taking Amtrak almost daily, I  am encouraged to see that this bill invests in our railways across the  Nation. This legislation not only provides $6 billion in grants to the  Northeast Corridor to address Amtrak's deferred maintenance needs, it  also provides another $16 billion for Amtrak's national network and  another $41 billion in grants to improve passenger rail performance and  safety.   I also want to applaud the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee  and others both on and off the committee who worked tirelessly to  advance robust funding for public transit infrastructure in order to  make it possible for millions of people to get to work and home again  every day.   Transit and rail are both critical components of our climate change  response, providing low- and zero-emission travel choices. This bill,  our bill, reauthorizes and grows our transit programs, while also  providing more than $5 billion in grants for State and local agencies  to purchase electric and low-emission transit buses.   Our colleagues on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee,  led by Senators Manchin and Barrasso, crafted legislation to help  support and clean up our Nation's energy infrastructure. Investments  made in this bill will work to make our electric grid more reliable and  resilient, support families and businesses to become more energy  efficient, while helping to clean up our Nation's old and abandoned  mines and wells that leak toxic pollution and methane emissions.   The bill before us this week also includes investments in battery  recycling and zero-emitting technologies, including a program much like  the one passed out of our EPW Committee last year that supports our  existing nuclear power fleet, which collectively produces--get this-- half of our Nation's carbon-free electricity.   While there is much to celebrate in this product of our bipartisan  efforts, more work still needs to be done. Collectively, we have  incorporated badly needed climate provisions in surface transportation,  water, power, and a number of other infrastructure programs, but in  truth, we have, in the words of Robert Frost, miles to go before we  sleep--miles to go before we sleep.   With the words of Robert Frost as a reminder, all of us who serve  here together understand that every race won begins with a first step  and ends with a final one. With the enactment of this legislation, we  will be taking not one but a number of important steps--a number of  important steps.   In the days ahead, we will move a good deal closer to the finish line  in a race with a dangerously changing climate that we simply cannot  afford to lose. That is why I will be examining the budget resolution  closely in the days ahead to ensure that we are devoting the resources  necessary to put climate change on the run as we advance environmental  justice.   I would be remiss if I didn't add that we must not shy away in the  days ahead from working hard to agree on how to honestly and  thoughtfully pay for the investments that need to be made. In the words  of a colleague from West Virginia--words of a former State treasurer of  a small State on the east coast who now serves in this body, ``Things  that are worth having are worth paying for.''   But the key message of this day is that we have pushed through  earnest disagreements, varying priorities, and much headache and  heartache to achieve a truly singular success in taking on a number of  major infrastructure challenges facing our Nation. We have elected to  work together to address the obvious--to repair and upgrade much of our  Nation's infrastructure in order to better position America to succeed  in an ever more competitive global economy and to survive in an ever  more dangerous world due to the climate crisis.   Senator Capito and I have served together on this Committee for a  number of years, and she succeeds Senator John Barrasso, who for a  number of years was the chair and I was the ranking member. I will  never forget--and  [[Page S5535]]  you probably won't either, Senator--we won't forget the words of  attorney Rob Wallace, who is also from Wyoming, a friend of Senator  Barrasso's, and he was nominated, I think, to be Assistant Secretary of  the Interior. He focused on, among other things, national parks,  wildlife, and fish and wildlife. I never forget what he said in his  confirmation hearing. He commented on the history and the tradition of  our committee as one where we actually work together and like each  other even though we don't always agree on the issues. We work together  to get things done. He said these words. He said: ``Bipartisan  solutions are lasting solutions.'' That is what he said. ``Bipartisan  solutions are lasting solutions.'' I thought at the time, well, he  really nailed it. And I hope, with this legislation, we will nail it,  too, because a lot of Americans are counting on us to do just that.   With that, I am happy to yield the floor again to--I am tempted to  call her our wingwoman; she calls me her wingman--to my colleague and  friend and ranking member of this committee, who has been great to work  with.   I yield the floor.    I am going to ask unanimous consent, if I could just  insert one quick comment, Mr. President?    Ranking Member Senator Capito has mentioned very  graciously the names of all of our staff.   I was here this weekend. She was here this weekend. And there were  people here working this weekend, not just our staffs on the  Environment and Public Works Committee, not just on the Appropriations  Committee, just staffs like here in this body. Folks throughout the  building, throughout the complex, they were here working. They have  children. They have spouses. They have parents. They have other  obligations. They were here working. And we would be remiss if we  didn't mention that.   The other thing I want to say is, as Ranking Member Senator Capito  knows, I go back and forth on the train a lot of days, much like Joe  Biden used to do. And almost every week somebody says to me on a  platform either in Delaware or here in DC waiting for the train: Why  can't you guys work together? Why can't you folks just work together   I just wish that they could be here to participate, to listen, to  hear that, actually, we do work together. And when the chips are really  down--pandemic, terrible situation, 15, 16, 17 months' ago especially,  we worked together in an almost unanimous way. And we are working  together here on some things that are extraordinarily important.   The other thing I would say, and I reminded the President of this  just the other day, this is not all on the Federal Government. You  know, whether it is climate change, whether it is meeting our  infrastructure needs, whether it is a pandemic, this is a shared  responsibility, and the Federal Government really bears a lot of  responsibility.   We have a responsibility especially to lead, but there are States  involved. And as a recovering Governor--States were involved, counties,  and cities. Nonprofits were involved. And it is all of us working  together.   We have a Home Depot just a couple of blocks from our house, Senator  Capito. And when I think of--whether it is cities and towns or counties  where they have responsibilities to meet, I like to say: You can do it;  we can help. Like they say at Home Depot: You can do it; we can help.  And there is a lot of good help here.   To the folks around the country who need the help, we are going to  help. You can do it, but we can help, and we will.   I would just say, in closing--I see the Senator from Montana is here,  a great Member of this body, a great Member from Montana, and a great  member of the Approps Committee, and the chair as well. I just want to  say thank you for all of your involvement in this effort, all of your  involvement, as part of this G-22, with some sanity and some common  sense at times when it was really needed and just tenacity.   The fellow who normally stands at this podium is our leader, Senator  Schumer, our majority leader. He spoke earlier this morning. And  Senator McConnell spoke from where Senator Capito was speaking. Not  everybody expected Senator McConnell, a Republican leader, to vote in  favor of the motion to proceed to the bill. He did. And that encouraged  others, 16, 17, 18 other Republicans to join in voting for the motion  to proceed. We don't proceed unless we have 60 votes, and that was just  hugely helpful.   And to Chuck Schumer, who was just--this guy, he just doesn't give  up. I have known and worked with him forever, and I am very proud of  his leadership. I know he will be glad when this is all over, and he  can maybe go home and get a good night's sleep.   But for his family who is willing to share and his kids' willingness  to share him with all of us, especially, thanks.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, while the Senator from Alaska is still  here, I have been sitting here listening to a tour de force. God, what  a wonderful, wonderful speech and clearly from the heart.   The Presiding Officer and I are recovering Governors, and the  Senator's father was a recovering Governor at one time; and, actually,  one of the smartest things he ever did, he appointed his daughter to  serve--when there was a vacancy in the Senate, he appointed Lisa to  serve at that vacancy.   And 2 years later, Tony Mills, who was Governor of Alaska, ran  against her. Tony is one of my closest friends. We were Governors  together for 6 years, and I said: Oh, my God, this is a hard choice.   And it was a hard choice for the folks from Alaska to make as well.   And Lisa was elected to the Senate and served with distinction. And  when she ran for reelection as a Republican, I think, was defeated in a  primary, and then turned around and ran a write-in campaign that I will  never forget. I am sure she won't either.   And in a write-in campaign, in one of the cleverest political  maneuvers I have ever seen--Murkowski is not an easy name to write in.  Not everybody in Alaska, even though a famous name, knew how to write  ``Murkowski.''   My recollection is the Murkowski campaign folks were smart enough to  distribute fliers and messages throughout the State that had a picture  of--a drawing--a cartoon of a cow on skis, with a bubble coming out of  the cow's mouth with the word ``Mur''--``Mur cow ski.'' Then she won,  rather handily, her write-in race and still is with us today.    We talked a lot here today about bridges. When I was in college, I  was actually a Navy midshipman, and I was driving down to Florida to  visit my parents and close friend, and we drove across a bridge across  the Ohio River. I want to say--actually, I think the date was 1967.  December 15, 1967, we were on our way to my parents in Florida, and the  next day the bridge that we had gone across collapsed into the Ohio  River between Point Pleasant, WV, and Conagua, OH, and 46 people were  killed. Forty-six people were killed. I will never forget that.  Whenever we talk about the need to address our poor condition bridges,  I remember that. And for the folks who had lost loved ones that day,  they remember that too.   We have gone through some troubled waters here in the Capitol and the  Senate and in the House and in our country in recent months, weeks,  years, and there is still trouble. And it is great to have a bridge  over troubled waters, like you, to carry us through. And I just want to  thank you for your great work in so many different ways but also with  respect to the gang of 22 and keeping people on track. You make your  family proud, and I think all of us proud, so thank you. Thank you.   I have been joined by a fellow from Louisiana, and I understand we  are also going to be joined shortly by the fellow from Ohio, Senator  Portman, who is going to come to the floor any minute, I think, to give  his remarks. And I don't know if the gentleman from Louisiana is here  to speak shortly or not, but we look forward to whatever he has to say.   We are now joined by the Senator from Ohio, successor to George  Voinovich, who was both a Senator and a Governor. I had a great  conversation with him in Ohio last week, and I am very grateful to him  for his extraordinary leadership through these troubled waters, and  there will be another one of those bridges over troubled waters.   I am happy to yield the floor to Senator Portman.    Would the Senator yield the floor?   While the Senator is still on the floor, we are talking about the  serious side of Carl, and there is also a lighter side of Carl, as you  know, and I just want to recall one of those today.   I was elected to--been State treasurer and elected to Congress in  `82, and one of the Members of my professional class was Sandy Levin,  Carl's brother--his older brother--who apparently had run for  Governor--not successful--and later on got elected to the House, and I  think he served as the Ways and Means Committee chair.   But, anyway, so I got to meet Carl pretty early, although he didn't  join me here until about 20 years ago. But he is from Detroit and that  area and loves the Detroit--loved the Detroit Tigers, and so do I. And  try to figure out why an Ohio State boy would end up being a big Tigers  fan, but I was.   Ended up on the Homeland Security Governmental Affairs Committee, and  he was in charge of the Subcommittee on Investigations, and I ended up  being the chairman of the committee; worked pretty close with Tom  Coburn and others.   And Carl asked me--he said he wanted me to come up--as chairman, he  wanted me to come up and tour the border--the U.S.-Canadian border, and  right there by Detroit on boat, by water, by helicopters, and so forth.   I said: Sure. Count me in.   We just had one--just one heck of a day. It was a lot of fun and very  informative. Got to spend time with Coast Guard people and others just  very much involved in our border security.   And late in the day, it was opening day of baseball season, and the  Tigers were playing in Minnesota, the opening game. It was an afternoon  game.   And after we had finished our day's activities, it was moving on  toward suppertime. He said: Let's go to this area of Detroit where they  have all these Mexican restaurants, and we will have dinner.   And when we got to the restaurant, the Tigers game was on the radio,  and he said let's have a couple of libations and sit in his car and  listen to the Tigers game, and so we did.   And the game--we were in the 7th or 8th inning. We stayed until the  very end, and it turned out to be a very sweet ending and the Tigers  won the ballgame and we had a couple libations and some laughs. And  then we went inside, and for, like, six bucks we bought two of the  biggest dinners I have ever seen, and I had a wonderful time.   But I loved Carl. Loved Sandy too. And the idea that Carl has left us  is real sad. Barbara, his wife, wonderful woman, thank her for sharing  her husband with us.   Here is an issue, on a more serious note, called beneficial  interests, which involved shell corporations and some criminal people  who are doing untoward--maybe illicit, illegal things. They are using  shell corporations to try to do those bad activities. And there was a  question about who should have the authority, who should be responsible  for making sure that no nefarious activities were taking place because  of these shell corporations.   Delaware happens to be a State where there are a lot of corporations.  I think half of the New York Stock Exchange, half of the Fortune 500  are incorporated in Delaware. So we had a real interest in doing this,  but doing it in a way that doesn't unduly burden the State.   This was an issue that we didn't let come between our friendship.  This was an issue that lasted and lasted and lasted and lasted.   And Carl, when he went to meet our Maker, about a year or so before,  we resolved that issue, and it took years to resolve that issue. And he  was tenacious, his staff was tenacious, and, frankly, so were a lot of  other folks, but we got the job done in a way that  [[Page S5553]]  I think protects the public interest and makes sure that government,  State and local and Federal, are doing their job.   And so, Carl, if you are listening, buddy, our Tigers are doing  better this year, and hopefully they will continue to.   But thank you for raising those points.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following amendments be called up to the substitute and be reported by  number: No. 1, Padilla-Moran, No. 2133, Indian health; No. 2, Thune- Tester, No. 2162, communications workers; further, that at 5:30 today,  the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed, with  no amendments in order to these amendments prior to a vote in relation  to the amendment, with 60 affirmative votes required for adoption, and  2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to each vote.    Madam President, I would say thank you to the ranking  member for those comments. I, too, am ready to get to work. This is a  good way to do it, a couple of amendments that I think a lot of us can  support.   But I appreciate the consent to lock in votes on these two  amendments. We will start with these and work to have votes on others  as well, hopefully sooner rather than later.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to yield the  time back.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following amendment be called up to the substitute and be reported by  number. No. 1, Barrasso, 2180, which deals with building energy codes;  further, that the Senate vote in relation to the amendment at 7:40  p.m., with no amendments in order to the amendment prior to a vote in  relation to the amendment, with 60 affirmative votes required for  adoption, and 2 minutes of debate divided equally prior to the vote.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Heather Dean,  a fellow with the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, be  given floor privileges for the duration of the 117th Congress.   