 Madam President, over the last couple of years, our  Democratic colleagues have suggested a range of unrealistic and  downright harmful policies in our shared goal--and I emphasize the  words ``shared goal''--to reduce carbon emissions. But it is not just a  question of what you are doing; it is a question of how you are going  about doing it. The way they are going about doing it is going to raise  the prices of electricity, gasoline, and all forms of energy on people  on fixed incomes, people who are seniors living on Social Security, and  others. They have proposed everything from the socialist agenda that is  the Green New Deal to more targeted, but no more realistic, zero net  emission mandates.   Now, we all know that energy transition occurs at all times. I have  traveled to India--perhaps the Presiding Officer has--and to other  countries where people literally cook their food using cow manure  patties, dried cow manure. I remember Prime Minister Modi coming to  Houston, TX, during an event that we called ``Howdy, Modi!'' when he  heralded the use of increased access to cooking gas so that his  constituents, Indians, wouldn't have to use dried cow dung to cook  their food--that represents progress--or wouldn't have to use wood  chips anymore.   Then the transition was to coal, then to natural gas, nuclear, and  other forms of energy. So energy transition occurs at all times. The  only question is how it comes about, whether it is as a result of  higher taxes and forced government mandates or whether it is which form  of energy competes favorably for consumers because of its cost and  availability.   Well, of all of the dangerous policy proposals, I think the reckless  tax-and-spending-spree bill takes the cake. This is the so-called  reconciliation bill that is now pending over in the House, or is being  negotiated. Nobody has actually seen it yet, but we keep hearing what  is in it, and we keep hearing that the left is negotiating with the far  left. This is what happens when our Democratic colleagues don't include  people in the opposing political party to try to build consensus. It is  pretty hard, particularly when you only have 50 votes.   This isn't like FDR's New Deal after the Great Depression, wherein he  had huge majorities. I think what our Democratic colleagues are finding  out is that, when they try to go it alone, passing these radical  policies is really, really hard to do because you have no room for  error.   This reminds me of the yellow jackets protests in France, starting  back in 2018, as to what is happening now with some of these mandates  and these higher taxes. This was, as you may recall, a social movement  of French working-class families who felt disenfranchised from the  urban elite, who ``can focus on the end of the world,'' they said,  ``while we're worrying about the end of the month.'' I think it is  pretty apt to where we are today. This reckless tax-and-spending spree  not only compiles the most irresponsible policies into one massive  bill, as I said, but our Democratic colleagues, along with the White  House, are trying to pass it in a 50-50 Senate, on a party-line vote.   Well, talk about bad timing. This comes at a time when Texans and  other Americans are already being pummeled by rising costs, especially  at the gas pump. Inflation is rearing its ugly head everywhere in terms  of energy costs, groceries, commodities, and with things like a washing  machine or a new refrigerator. Try buying a new house, and you will see  the cost has just jumped dramatically.   It is a demonstrable fact that, in the last year, gasoline costs have  gone up 55 percent. The average price today is about $3.33 a gallon. A  year ago, it was $2.16 a gallon. For somebody who drives a pickup  truck--and we have a lot of pickup trucks in Texas--it would have cost  $56 for a tank of gas a year ago, but, today, it is $87--a $31  increase.   Unfortunately, sky-high gasoline prices aren't the only growing drain  on family budgets. As I mentioned, electricity, groceries, clothing,  eating out occasionally at a restaurant, and countless other expenses  are on the rise. Prices are so high that inflation is outpacing wage  growth, essentially giving workers a pay cut. Let me say that again. If  you are earning, let's say, $10,000 a year--just to pick a number--and  inflation rises like it does with gasoline costs, you are effectively  getting a pay cut because of the rising costs of goods and services.   But that doesn't seem to deter our Democratic colleagues from moving  full steam ahead on legislation that would drive these costs even  higher. After spending nearly $2 billion earlier this year on a party- line vote, our colleagues are back for round 2, and this time they are  prepared to take a wrecking ball to one of our crown jewels in this  country, which is our energy sector. By drowning the energy sector in  tax hikes or in increased regulations and costs, our Democratic  colleagues think that they can achieve their green  [[Page S7116]]  energy dreams with no consequences, but, of course, that is just a  dangerous fantasy.   It sort of reminds me of what I saw reported today by NPR. NPR  reports: ``Despite climate change promises, governments plan to ramp up  fossil fuel production.'' Indeed, the President and members of this  body are going to be heading to a climate conference in Glasgow,  Scotland, starting on October 31. As you know, usually what happens at  those conferences, just like at the Paris climate conference in 2015,  is that governments make extravagant promises to reduce emissions and  to eliminate fossil fuels, including coal and oil and gas, in favor of  clean energy.   Now, I am not deprecating clean energy. In Texas, we believe in an  ``all of the above'' energy policy. We produce more electricity from  wind turbines than any other State in the Nation. So I am certainly not  bad-mouthing clean energy, but it has to play a role and not dominate  to the exclusion of other forms of energy.   But, as the NPR article points out, ``despite lofty commitments  [made] by governments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, they are  still planning,'' according to this U.N. report that was just issued,  ``to extract huge amounts of energy from fossil fuels in the coming  years.''   This report was published on Wednesday, today, and it details how the  world's largest fossil fuel producers plan to carry on using coal, gas,  and oil despite promises made in Paris in 2015. So it really makes you  wonder what is going on when these political leaders go to places like  Glasgow or Paris, make extravagant promises, and then come back home  and break those promises.   Well, I think I know what is happening here because, just like in  France in 2018, when the government tried to impose a new fuel tax on  consumers, the yellow jackets protested. They said: You are worried  about the end of the world. We are worried about how we will pay our  bills through the end of the month.   I think a similar phenomenon is occurring now because none of these  green energy fantasies come cheap. That is another reason energy costs  are going higher. Whether you are talking about energy or agriculture  or any other sector of the economy, higher taxes, which are what our  colleagues are attempting to assess against the energy sector, always  mean higher prices for consumers.   Companies don't absorb those costs. They pass them right along to  consumers in the form of increased costs. In fact, many businesses  can't absorb increased taxes and keep their prices stable because they  simply can't operate in the black, and they will go bankrupt. So  businesses just don't take the hits that keep on coming. They will  raise prices; they will lay off employees or will implement any  combination of cost-cutting measures, and that is exactly what this  pie-in-the-sky, green energy fantasy bill contained in the  reconciliation legislation would spur.   This year, as I have pointed out, has already given us the highest  gas prices since 2014. Now, I just did this year over year, but they  are the highest prices we have seen since 2014, and I have no doubt  that President Biden's tax hikes will send those prices at the pump  even higher just at a time when we are beginning to sound the alarm  bells over inflation, including by Democratic-leaning economists like  Larry Summers, who sounded the alarm over inflation.   I am old enough to remember when inflation was ranked at about 20  percent, and interest rates were up almost at 20 percent. People had to  pay huge amounts of money or borrow huge amounts of money and pay  exorbitant interest rates because of inflation.   We are in danger of getting back to those bad old days. The proposal  our Democratic colleagues are trying to ram through Congress would  increase taxes--already paid by energy companies--on income earned not  in the United States but globally. It also adds a new tax, the  Superfund excise tax, which was eliminated 25 years ago. They want to  add that back on top. The Democrats want to resurrect this tax and  force energy companies to pay more on every barrel of crude oil that is  used in the United States.   Once again, the burden won't be, ultimately, on the energy and  chemical companies. It will fall on consumers, who are already  struggling post-COVID to get back on the job and pay the bills and  provide for their families--only to be met with a kick in the teeth  known as Bidenflation.   The middle class won't just be footing the bill for tax hikes on  companies. This is, really, sort of an elitist irony. The Biden  reconciliation bill would force middle-class families to subsidize the  purchase of electric vehicles for wealthy Americans. Not only are we  going to raise prices on you through tax increases, but we are going to  take money out of your pocket and give it to rich people who can afford  to buy these expensive electric vehicles. This bill provides a tax  credit for electric vehicle purchases even if the vehicle is made  completely or substantially in China. Won't they love that.   On top of that, you get a bigger tax credit for electric cars built  in union shops--some of the greatest political friends of the  Democratic Party. Our colleagues haven't provided a very good  explanation for this, but I, for one, find it hard to believe that  union-built electric vehicles are any greener or cleaner or emit less  than nonunion-built vehicles. This is just a big wet kiss for a  political constituency.   As a reminder, unlike gas-powered vehicle drivers, EV drivers don't  pay any money into the highway trust fund. Now, if you buy a gallon of  gasoline, I think it is 18 cents on the gallon that goes into the  highway trust fund that is used to build and maintain our bridges and  roadways.   Because of more use of electric vehicles that don't pay any money  into the highway trust fund, that trust fund is going broke.   So the tax breaks for the rich just keep on coming. They take money  from middle-class families, give it to rich folks so they can buy fancy  electric vehicles, courtesy of the American taxpayer.   I also have concerns about how the proposal that is being considered  by the White House and our Democratic colleagues--how it would impact  our energy security.   Over the last several decades, we have made incredible strides.  Thanks to great investment, innovation, and expertise in the energy  sector, we have made great strides to reduce our dependency on other  countries to keep the lights on in the United States.   After all, we don't want a repeat of the 1970s energy crisis.   Now, I know a lot of these young folks who are here serving as pages  may not have been around in the 1970s, but they can look it up online.   Here is what happened: When the U.S. supported Israel in the Yom  Kippur war in 1973, the Arab members of OPEC--the Organization of  Petroleum Exporting Countries--they weren't happy.   What did they do?   They banned the sale of crude oil to the United States--cut us off-- and it sent shock waves throughout our country. As you might imagine,  such was our dependency on imported oil from the Middle East. Despite  some strong domestic oil production, we were still relying at that time  heavily on imports, and once the supply was cut off, prices quadrupled.   Many gas stations simply couldn't serve the demand, and when they  could, they basically made you get an appointment to come fill up your  gas tank.   Some States banned neon signs to cut down on energy use, and a number  of towns asked their citizens not to put up Christmas lights because of  the drain on the grid.   It was a slap across the face, a hard dose of reality that brought  America's energy dependence to light and underscored the need to  increase our domestic production and resources and wean ourselves off  of this dependency--this dangerous dependency on imports.   And that is what we did. Thanks to incredible investment and  innovation in the energy sector and something that has come to be known  as the shale revolution--named for a way to basically get oil and gas  out of a rock--the tide of the energy landscape geopolitically turned  in our favor.   These efforts were so successful that in 2015, the U.S. lifted the  crude oil export ban that was put in place in the seventies. Back when  we were dependent on imports, we said: You can't export it because we  need not only what  [[Page S7117]]  we can produce, but what we can import.   We lifted that in 2015 because American energy producers were  producing so much oil and gas.   And, in fact, rather than import energy, including natural gas, we  turned around what were built originally as LNG--liquefied natural  gas--import terminals and created export terminals so we could send  that low-cost energy to our friends and allies around the world.   But our Democratic colleagues seem to have a short-term memory  problem. They seem to have forgotten about our history.   After years of building our energy independence and strengthening our  energy security, they want to turn back the clock. The tax hikes they  are trying to impose on energy producers would ensure that the United  States, once again, is reliant on other countries, like Russia, Iran,  Saudi Arabia, and Venezuela, for our energy needs. The dangers ought to  be obvious.   We should never ever put ourselves in a position where we are reliant  on any other country for us to keep our lights on, to operate our  vehicles, for our small businesses to be able to operate, for us to be  able to get electricity from a wall socket when we plug in an  appliance.   So we shouldn't be dependent on our adversaries or any other country  for our energy needs when we can produce it here in America; and by  exporting it to friends and allies around the world, we can actually  liberate them.   Recently, I was in on a trip with some Senate colleagues to the  Balkins, in a number of countries that used to be part of the old  Soviet Union but which are now independent countries, many of which are  part of NATO and the European Union.   And one of the things they brought up time and time again is their  desire to have a diverse source of energy because they know--they  know--that if they depend on Russian gas, that Mr. Putin could turn off  the spigot and put them in mortal jeopardy. And that is why it is  important for us to be able to continue to export and not be dependent  on imported energy ourselves.   President Biden unintentionally demonstrated the hypocrisy of some of  his policies earlier this year when he literally begged OPEC to  increase production to bring down these prices.   An American President basically shutting down American energy  production and begging Russia and Saudi Arabia to please sell us the  oil and gas we need so we can bring down prices at the pump--it is  unbelievable.   If the President is worried about affordable energy, he needs to stop  pushing policies that will drive up these prices.   And it is not just gasoline. It is electricity, you name it.   Well, Texans are already facing high gas prices. Household energy  bills, your utility bill, is on the rise. This is not the time to make  it more expensive for families to pay for the energy they need.   As I mentioned, Texas has always been a proud supporter of an all-of- the-above energy strategy. We are recognized for the might of our oil  and gas sector for sure, but a lot of folks don't realize we are a  leader in renewable energy as well. In fact, we produce one-quarter of  all of the wind energy in the United States. If we were a country--and  we were once--we would be the fifth largest wind energy producer in the  world.   And we have no plans of stopping there. We are also making serious  strides in energy innovation through cutting-edge carbon capture and  storage projects. That is the answer. It is called innovation. Not more  taxes, not more regulations that raise prices, but innovation, things  that literally suck carbon out of the environment, deposit it in the  ground in some of these injection sites so we can actually produce more  oil and gas, and keep the carbon sequestered in the ground permanently.   So we need to find a balance--something that is too often missing  here in Washington, DC--between conservation, production, and economic  power. That balance will not be found by imposing heavy-handed  regulations or taxes that drive up the cost for consumers and that  benefit our adversaries.   Like the rest of the reckless tax-and-spending spree, the cost of  this energy proposal far, far exceeds its benefits. There is a better  way to do this.   The Biden administration has managed to compound the already  unprecedented challenges facing our energy sector here in America.  American energy keeps America and much of the rest of the world  running, and the administration and Congress need to take action to  support a strong, post-pandemic recovery, and not get in the way.   I yield the floor.   