 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I and Senator  Cornyn be able to complete our remarks prior to the vote.    Mr. President, I just want my colleagues to know that the  Senate Appropriations Committee, yesterday, released nine  appropriations bills. They allocate important resources and they help  to address the pressing priorities of America's families and  communities, but they also promote U.S. national security.   For more than a decade, this country has underinvested in our  children, in our infrastructure, in science, and in public health.  Frankly, that means we underinvested in our future.   These bills include historic increases to educate our Nation's  children, to combat climate change, promote affordable housing, and  improve healthcare. I am proud of the work of the committee in  producing these bills, and I commend each of the subcommittee chairs  for their commitment to America's future.   Now, the bills comply with the topline spending allocation contained  in the fiscal year 2022 budget resolution passed by both the House and  the Senate earlier this year.   So you combine this with the three bills reported from the  Appropriations Committee in August, the bills provide a 13-percent  increase for nondefense discretionary programs and a 5-percent increase  for defense programs compared to what fiscal year 2021 enacted.   The 5-percent increase for defense programs, that is consistent with  the National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, which was reported by the  Senate Armed Services Committee on an overwhelming bipartisan vote, and  it passed the House last month again with overwhelming bipartisan  support.  [[Page S7044]]    The Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education bill makes long  overdue investments to help care for and educate our Nation's children,  including doubling the funding for Title I-A grants to local  educational Agencies. That program I mentioned is the foundation of  Federal support to schools across this country.   It also increases funding for the Child Care and Development Block  Grant by 23 percent, and Head Start by 11 percent. We do this to  provide high-quality childcare and education to working families across  the Nation.   It provides a 24-percent increase over last year for the Centers for  Disease Control. That is done to strengthen U.S. public health  infrastructure. We know we have to do that in the wake of a global  pandemic that has created terrible problems in that area.   The Commerce, Justice, Science bill provides historic funding levels  for the Department of Justice Violence Against Women Act programs. That  is a 48-percent increase over the last fiscal year. It is the largest  appropriation for the Violence Against Women Act since its creation.   The Transportation, Housing, and Urban Development bill includes  significant increases to reduce homelessness and improve housing  conditions and increase affordability--something that touches all 50 of  our States.   The Interior bill includes significant resources to promote  conservation, to preserve our natural infrastructure, and to protect  our Federal lands. And we made climate change front and center when  drafting these bills, and each contains new and critical funding to  help combat this challenge.   For example, for the first time ever, we invested $54 million in a  new Climate Conservation Corps; and we provide historic increases, 46  percent over last year, for EPA's air and climate program. And, for the  first time in 4 years, the U.S. will contribute to the Green Climate  Fund and the Clean Technology Fund, rejoining the international fight-- it has to be an international fight--against climate change. We had a  global retreat with the last President. The United States is standing  up again and is back in the game.   We also make historic investments in medical research. I don't know  anybody who doesn't want us to always improve our medical research. It  ensures that America remains on the cutting edge of advanced medical  science and research. So we put a 6-percent increase for the National  Institutes of Health, and $2.4 billion to create the first ever  Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health, and that is because of  the President's bold and promising proposal to accelerate the pace of  breakthroughs in medicine.   And, finally, the bills contain critical funding increases for mental  and behavioral health services and to combat substance abuse--something  that is a problem in every single State. These funds are desperately  needed, as we saw the rates of anxiety and depression soar during the  COVID-19 pandemic and drug overdose deaths are expected to reach their  highest levels to date.   Now, these are just some of the highlights of the important programs  funded in the nine bills we released yesterday. They make a real  difference in the lives of millions of Americans, especially after  the tough year and a half we faced with COVID-19. These bills  demonstrate the good work we can do with a topline in fiscal year 2022  budget resolution, which was passed by the Senate and the House earlier  this year.    Now, I wish we could have followed regular order and done these bills  in committee, but our Republican colleagues said they would prevent any  additional consideration of bills until we have a negotiated topline. I  cannot and will not allow that to stop our work. It would be  irresponsible. We need to move the ball forward. In posting these  bills, we show the American people what we are for.   Now, some on the other side of the aisle may characterize these bills  as partisan. That is simply not true. In the spirit of comity and  bipartisanship, which is the tradition of our Appropriations Committee,  we worked hard to accommodate the funding priorities of all Members,  both Democrats and Republicans. And the posted bills reflect that  effort with many, many, many of the priorities of Republicans and many  of the priorities of Democrats.   I am proud of the work of this committee in producing these bills,  but our job is not done. The Federal Government is existing under and  operating under a continuing resolution only until December 3. Time can  go by very quickly around here. Between now and then, it is imperative  that we make progress on negotiating a topline--one that is bipartisan  and bicameral--so we can enact these bills into law.   I think we struck the right balance with the bills we produced and  made public this week. As with everything in Congress, we rarely end  where we begin.   So I look forward to working with Chair DeLauro, Ranking Member  Granger, and Vice Chairman Shelby to move this process forward with the  goal of enacting all 12 bills by December 3.   If we fail to do that, then we face a long-term continuing  resolution, which would lock in outdated spending priorities that will  not serve the American people, will not meet the challenges of today,  and, unfortunately, will not contain those things that both Republicans  and Democrats have asked and were submitted and included in the bills  that we have put in.   I know that my friend and colleague from Texas is waiting to speak.   I yield the floor.   