 I thank Mr. Johnson for hosting this very  important Special Order hour.   I rise today to share my concerns about our crisis at the southern  border. As a first-generation American, I understand the opportunities  that this Nation provides and why every human being on this planet  should want to come to the United States. I am a product of the  American Dream, but I also value the law. I value law and order.   The first step in fixing our broken immigration system must be  securing our border. In March we saw over 172,000 migrants attempt to  illegally cross our border. That is a 71 percent increase in just one  month.   The Biden administration continues to fail to address this crisis.  This is no doubt a product of the Biden administration's policy, but  make no mistake, this is now our collective problem. It is affecting  our local neighborhoods, it is affecting our governments, it is  affecting those who have come here legally, who are now being cut in  front of by folks who are breaking the law to come here.   Communities in border towns are stretched thin and running low on  local resources as more migrants flood their communities. This isn't  just about the border. The crisis impacts all of us across America,  including my district, the beautiful 25th District, where we see a rise  in crime tied to illegal immigration and human trafficking. This is  being aggravated by the defund the police movement.   The crisis at our border is about security. It is about safety, and  it is about humanity. No human being should be experiencing in their  entire lifetime what hundreds of thousands of humans are experiencing  right now at our own southern border.   Let me be clear. We can be a welcoming nation, but we can also be a  nation that abides by its own laws and enforces them simultaneously. We  need to secure the border, provide the resources to our Border Patrol  agents, and stop incentivizing people to come here illegally. When we  do those things, we can address the rest of our problems.   