 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week, for the fifth month in a row-- and the Presiding Officer has been standing with us on this important  issue--parents in Ohio and Maryland and all over the country, once  again, see $250 or $300 or, if they have two children, $600 in tax cuts  directly into their bank accounts.   Think about this: 90 percent of Ohio children, this year, will have  at least a $3,000 tax cut, not a deduction. This is real money in  people's pockets. This is 90 percent of Ohio families who will get at  least a $3,000 tax cut, and that is if they have one child. If they  have more, they will get a bigger tax cut.   You know, we know how hard parents work at their jobs and at raising  their kids. Any parent knows how much work it is to take care of  children, especially young children. It has gotten only harder and  harder over the last year and a half.   I hear some of my colleagues, especially on that side of the aisle,  say--you know, they forget what hard work it is to raise children. And  I watched what we were able to do on this with the chairman of the  Finance Committee, who just walked in, Senator Wyden, and his  leadership on this largest tax cut for working families in my lifetime.   So often, we know hard work doesn't pay off. Think about the past few  decades: The stock market went up; productivity went up; executive  compensation has been stratospheric; yet, essentially, wages for most  workers in this country have been flat.   And you know how expensive it is to raise kids. Healthcare, school  lunches, diapers, clothes, school supplies, braces, sports' fees, camp  fees--the list never seems to end. And one of the biggest expenses for  so many families is childcare. So parents feel like they are stuck. The  more they work, the more expensive childcare gets.   One of the reasons that people haven't returned to the workplace as  much as some academicians or some professors or somebody predicted--it  is not because we were providing unemployment compensation. That just  kept them alive. It is because they can't find affordable, accessible,  safe childcare. So that is why parents feel like they are stuck. It is  why we passed the child tax credit--as I said, the largest tax cut for  working families ever. It is about finally, finally making hard work  pay off so you can keep up with the cost of raising a family.   One of the joys of this job--and I know that the Senator from Oregon  and the Senator from Maryland share this because they do things like  this--is we put on our website: What does the monthly child tax credit  mean to you?   We started this in July. We voted on it, on this floor, on March 6.  Five days later, President Biden signed the law. We all went to talk to  Secretary Yellen about getting these checks out quickly. On July 15, 4  months after we voted for it--not even 4. Help me with my math. Three  months after we voted for it, these checks started showing up.   In my State, it was 2.1 million checks that went out. There were 2.1  million individuals who got this child tax credit--you know, a million- and-some families because, obviously, some have more than one child in  a family in many cases. Then they got a check on August 15; September  15; in October; and just this week, on November 15.   We know it cut the rate of child poverty by 40 percent. We also know  that it helped families with school expenses or with, maybe, putting a  little bit of money aside for Bowie State or Stark State, a community  college in Ohio.   Maybe it was just a way that families--I mean, we know how there are  so many families who are really anxious at the end of the month. Maybe  we don't talk to enough families like this around here, but for  families who are anxious at the end of the month, getting this $200 or  $300 or $600 check in the middle of the month relieves the anxiety so  many families have just to pay the rent because we know so many  families, in that last week of the month, cut back on food a little  bit, cut back on trying to figure out a way to get through the month so  they can pay their rent at the beginning of the next month.   So, on this website, when we ask people what this means to you, we  just get the most wonderful stories.   Lisa said the tax cuts help her afford ``diapers and school supplies  . . . and [now] we [can] put a little into starting a 529 college  fund.'' It is so exciting. Now we can finally ``save for education.''   Lin from Columbus: ``It kicked in right at a time when kid birthdays  were happening for us, plus back to  [[Page S8424]]  school shopping, and several unexpected vehicle repairs were needed as  well--it's made a very helpful impact.''   The Presiding Officer, Senator Van Hollen, sits on the Banking and  Housing Committee with me. He knows that, before the pandemic, 25  percent of renters in this country paid more than half of their income  in rent, and if one thing goes wrong--your car breaks down; you get  sick; your child gets sick; you miss a few days of work--you can be  evicted. This will stop that from happening in many cases.   Jeff from Cincinnati said it helps him afford ``car insurance for a  17-year-old,'' a 17-year-old who has a part-time job after school.   The story we hear over and over is how expensive childcare is, how  parents use this money to afford childcare so they can go back to work  or, maybe, work more hours than they are working.   CeCe said her tax cut helps her pay for daycare. ``Daycare is the  same amount as my mortgage payment for 4 days a week! So this is so, so  helpful,'' she said.   Sarah said: ``It has been critical as I started my unpaid maternity  leave at the end of July.''   I mean, we want people to be able to give birth and then stay with  their child, their newborn, for a period of time. Many, many, many  people in Baltimore, in Cleveland, in Portland don't have any kind of  leave--and how important it is that they can, maybe, stay a little  longer with a newborn child and bond with her or him.   Courtney, from Athens, near the Ohio River, said the CTC is  ``slightly more than half the cost of part time daycare tuition per  month--much appreciated help getting kiddo back into childcare and  keeping [my husband and me] in the workforce.''   These tax cuts mean more parents can afford to work and can afford to  keep up with the extra cost of raising kids.   When these tax cuts are fundamentally stripped down from everything  else, it is about the dignity of work. All work has dignity, whether  you punch a clock or swipe a badge; whether you work for tips; whether  you are on salary; whether you are raising children or caring for an  aging parent. Raising children is work. We never should forget that:  raising children is work.   It is a hell of a lot more work than moving money from one overseas  bank account to another, as this body falls all over itself over the  years giving tax cuts to rich people.   It didn't stop Senator McConnell from rewarding the wealthiest CEOs  and hedge fund managers and Swiss bank account holders. We remember  what happened. When they did their tax cut 4 years ago, everybody in  our--I mean, look at the difference. Four years ago, they passed the  tax cut. You could see the lobbyists lined up in the hall outside  Senator McConnell's office. Four years ago, we passed the tax cut.  Almost all Republicans voted yes; almost all Democrats voted no.  Seventy percent of that tax cut went to the richest 1 percent.   Earlier this year, we passed the largest tax cut for working families  everywhere. Everybody on this side voted yes; everybody on that side  voted no. I mean, whose side are you on? Apparently, we know that.  Senator McConnell and his crowd--they are always for the billionaires,  they are always for giving more tax cuts, while Senator Wyden and the  Finance Committee are fighting for middle-class tax cuts.   They then promised--and we all heard this--they promised that these  big tax cuts for billionaires would trickle down, and they would hire  more people, and they would pay higher wages, and the economy would  grow. Well, it didn't exactly work that way. They kept so much of it  for themselves. They spent that money on stock buybacks, and we know  what happened then.   So the question is, Do you want tax cuts for billionaires and  corporations or do you want tax cuts for working families? We want tax  cuts for working families, and so do Americans from all over the  country overwhelmingly from all kinds of backgrounds, from Chillicothe  to Xenia, to Springfield, to Portsmouth, to Ravenna--all over the  country.   Every single month now, we are showing parents and workers we are on  your side. We will not stop fighting to make sure parents' hard work  pays off for years to come.   The child tax credit--we will make it permanent. It may not be this  year, but we will make it permanent. As Senator Wyden has said, it will  become a lot like Social Security. It will be transformational.  Americans will love it the way Americans have gotten used to and depend  on and love Social Security. It is part of who we are as a nation.   I yield the floor.   