 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the  great men and women who serve and have fought in our military and  risked their lives to protect this great country of ours.   Each November, we are reminded of the heroism our veterans displayed  both at home and abroad. My Congressional District, Pennsylvania's 16th  Congressional District, is among the largest constituencies of military  veterans in our Commonwealth. More than 45,000 veterans call PA-16  home. That is 1 in 15 of my constituents, and it would be hard to go to  any home anywhere in the district that I serve and not find people who  have served in the military.   Our office has a dedicated veterans' outreach program. Some of our  representatives--right now it is Francis ``Chookie'' LaCamera; 36 years  he served. We also had John ``P.K.'' Galanski, a Vietnam vet who never  stopped serving. After he came home, he has been part of our service  outreach program and has dedicated his entire life to taking care of  our veterans.   Also, a good friend and a guy who has done such a great job, Tony  ``Gunny'' Digiacomo, another Iraqi war veteran who served in our office  taking care of our veterans and now is a Crawford County VSO.   And last, but not least, John Cuneo, who is an Afghani war veteran.  When I talked to John about the Afghanistan withdrawal, I said: John, I  just want to make sure you are okay. And he said: Mike, I haven't slept  for 5 days. I lost friends in Afghanistan. I held them as they died.  Some of them came back home, but they were deeply wounded and injured  and probably will never fully recover. And I just don't understand how  we arrived at this type of a withdrawal.   I keep thinking to myself: Was it worth it? The loss of lives, the  loss of limbs; was it really worth it?   All I can say to him is: John, for 20 years our men and women in  uniform have kept the home country safe. I don't know what more you  could have done. I, too, have the sense of what your loss is and how  deep it is. But please just remember that the American people will  always be indebted to you for what you have done. And we know how  difficult these last few months have been.    We look back at what happened in Afghanistan and our withdraw from  Afghanistan and I keep wondering, why? Why, this true 1 percent of  Americans go and serve? How can they look at what is happening and  think things are all right?   That is why this month, this November, this Veterans Day, it is  absolutely critical that we take time out of our daily lives and  anybody we know that served, we thank them for their service. We thank  them for their sacrifice. We thank them for everything they have done  for this great country.   I ask people to please remember: When they left to go serve us and to  protect us, some of them never came home; never got a chance to  celebrate another Thanksgiving; never got a chance to celebrate a  Christmas. Most never had a chance to get married, have children, and  enjoy the American life.   They did it because they love this Nation. They gave everything they  could possibly give. And there is a saying out there that all gave  some, but some gave all. That is so true and that is why on November 11  every single American should stop and say a prayer for those who not  only lost their lives but those who came home injured, and some injured  in a way that they will never be able to have the life they had before  they left.   They are entitled to everything they have been promised, and, more  importantly, they deserve it. They deserve that.   So on this date, November 11, let's all stop just for a minute and  think just how much this country, this Nation meant to those who  served. I thank the gentleman so much for having the Special Order.   