 Madam President, if H.R. 1, S. 1 were ever passed into  law, it would forever be known as the ``Nancy Pelosi Power Grab Act.''   This legislation lets the Federal Government take over our elections,  which is clearly unconstitutional.   Let's talk about ballot harvesting to begin with. Most Americans  believe that ballot harvesting is wrought with fraud and wrong.  Frankly, it dilutes your vote.   For decades, for centuries, Americans have woken up early in the  morning on voting day to get to church, to vote early before they get  to work.   Can you just imagine how much seeing so many show up with a bag full  of ballots, which can't be vouched for--what it does to devalue your  vote.   Let's talk about voter ID for a second. I think most Americans--maybe  at least 80 percent of Americans--believe that voter ID brings  integrity to the election process.   Certainly voter ID has worked for Kansas for years and brings about  integrity to our election process. Just think about all the things that  require an ID at this point in time. To rent a car today, if I wanted  to check into a hotel, if I wanted to board an airplane tonight, I  would need some type of identification.  [[Page S4571]]    And I think the value of voting is even more than any of those and  thus the need for some type of voter identification. This bill takes  integrity out of the election process.   Next, most Americans don't want their tax dollars going to fund any  elections, especially elections of the opposite party to which you  belong, and I can certainly guarantee that nobody wants to see more  political attack ads with their hard-earned tax dollars being spent.   But let me tell you what I am for. I want to make it easier to vote  and harder to cheat. I want to make it easier to vote and harder to  cheat.   Ballot harvesting makes it easier to cheat. Getting rid of voter ID  makes it easier to cheat. That destroys the integrity of the election  process.   This bill, simply stated, is just another attempt at an  unconstitutional power grab.   I yield the floor.   