 Madam Speaker, H.R. 1573 provides access to counsel for  individuals referred to the secondary inspection station, but there are  over 328 ports of entry to the United States. Those field executives,  if this is enacted, would, in fact, be handling over 17 million people  who might seek assistance.   In the upcoming motion to recommit, we will offer that, in fact, the  claim by this bill that there will be no cost for attorneys' fees is,  in fact, likely to not be true.   Last week the Congressional Budget Office estimated it would cost  $828 million to implement this legislation if enacted, and that would  be without the right to free counsel. We need to ensure that these  costs aren't even higher.   The Democrats have stated that H.R. 1573 will not require the  American people to pay for attorneys accessed during this  administrative stop. And, again, Madam Speaker, this is an  administrative procedure. If, for any reason, somebody is charged with  a crime,  [[Page H2023]]  they immediately do get access to counsel. This is for those 17 million  people who will go through secondary inspection and likely then be  allowed to move forward.   However, you need to look no further in this act than the  comprehensive immigration reform bill of the U.S. Citizenship Act for  evidence that Democrats want us to pay for counsel to foreign  nationals. This bill specifically removes the current prohibition on  government-paid counsel. And yet, in the markup my colleagues insisted  that this had no right to counsel. If you want more evidence than this,  the American people deserve an assurance in this bill. We will ask in  the motion to recommit that we add that specific prohibition in this  bill.    Madam Speaker, in the language of the motion to recommit  H.R. 1573, no one will doubt that Congress either does or does not have  the intent to make sure that the voters and our taxpayers are  protected. I urge my colleagues to support the motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 1573 to  ensure that no taxpayer funds are used.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text  of the amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the  motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   