 Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will  instruct the Committee on Education and Labor to consider an amendment  to prohibit labor organizations from encouraging illegal immigrants to  join their ranks.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic and onerous  government restrictions, the last year has been among the toughest for  working Americans in our Nation's history. Congress' foremost duty  today is to help the millions of hurting American workers recover their  lost jobs and wages.    Madam Speaker, this bill prevents us from fulfilling that duty and,  instead, prioritizes the interests of illegal immigrants and union  bosses.   Madam Speaker, I am the grandson and son of proud union members, and  my brother works at the same factory in northeast Indiana and belongs  to the same union that my dad and grandfather and uncles and cousins,  and many others, have as well.   So let me tell you, it is a travesty that Democrats think that people  who broke our Nation's laws deserve the same labor rights as they do.  This bill, as written, would lessen American citizens' union voting  power and hand it to people who aren't even legally employed. It goes  against the very purpose of unions: providing a forum where American  workers can have a voice.   Madam Speaker, this bill would disempower American workers by  drowning out their voices to the benefit of illegal immigrants.   The amendment I propose is simple: Individuals who are not eligible  to work in our country should not be contacted or courted by labor  leadership. If my Democratic colleagues insist on moving forward with  this bill without my amendment, they wouldn't be protecting Americans'  right to organize. They would be prohibiting American workers from  organizing as a distinct group.    Madam Speaker, the Democratic Party claims to have the  best interest of American workers at heart so, please, prove it.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   