 I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I noted that, at the outset, the bill sponsor, the gentleman from  Rhode Island, said that every community deserves to be treated with  dignity and respect. Every community deserves to be treated with  dignity and respect.   The problem with this misnamed bill is that it does not treat every  community with dignity and respect. You have heard from previous  speakers that this bill takes pains to say your earnestly held  religious beliefs are no defense.   What else does it do? Well, the basic way the legislation operates is  to insert or substitute for the word ``sex'' as a protected  classification the phrase ``sex, including sexual orientation and  gender identity.'' If it did nothing more, it would be an echo of the  Bostock decision in June. But it does do more.   It defines the term ``included,'' so ``sex, including sexual  orientation and gender identity.'' If you go to the definition section,  ``including'' is defined to mean ``including, but not limited to.''  ``Including but not limited to,'' why is that? What else does the bill  intend to do that the bill declines to state?   Most significantly, Mr. Speaker, is that the bill removes the play in  the joints. Let me explain what I mean. Concerning the public  accommodations title, Title II of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which, by  the way, didn't cover sex, it defined what a public accommodation was  for the purpose of ceasing the discrimination against Black Americans  in public accommodations. What it said was, and it had a lot of  synonyms, but hotels, restaurants, theaters, those were public  accommodations.   That language is gone in this bill, Mr. Speaker. Instead, what it  says is a public accommodation is ``any establishment that provides a  good, service, or program, including,'' there is that word  ``including,'' and there is a big, long list.   So any establishment that provides any good, any service, or any  program in our society is covered, but we are still not done because of  the rule's construction. ``A reference in this title to an  establishment shall be construed to include an individual whose  operations affect commerce and who is a provider of a good, service, or  program,'' any individual, the cake baker, the photographer.   This bill flips the Civil Rights Act of 1964 on its head.    The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was  designed to say: No longer will Black Americans be cut out of economic  life in this country. And it was necessary, and it was a moral evil.  This bill flips that bill on its head, and it says to every individual:  A condition of your participating in the economic life of the country  is that you buy all in, you buy into this lock, stock, and barrel. If  you do not, you will be cut out of the economic life of this country.   There is no dignity and respect in that.   