 Madam President, I have hastened to the floor because  I was upstairs, waiting for the House managers to bring the article  over, and I heard my friend, the distinguished Senator from Alaska,  talking about his concern about the fossil fuel part of the energy  sector and his dissatisfaction with what the Secretary of the Treasury  was able to assure him of in that regard.   I just wanted to note that I missed a moment of the Senator's remarks  when I came walking down here, but as best as I could tell, the Senator  never mentioned the term ``climate change,'' and he never referenced  ``carbon emissions.'' I have to say, if we are going to deal with our  energy sector, we have to deal with it in a way that takes into account  carbon emissions and climate change. You can't just whistle past those  things and pretend that they are not real and act as if we can continue  to go forward in the way we always have--releasing carbon dioxide in  the atmosphere, poisoning our oceans with acidification, warming the  planet, and putting coastal communities like mine at grave risk from  sea level rise and storm surge. We have to address those things.  [[Page S124]]    As we go forward in this new Congress, I very much hope that my  friend Senator Sullivan and I will be able to work together to address  that exact problem to make sure that not only is our energy mix strong  for our economy but to make absolutely sure that we are not sacrificing  the safety of our planet, the economic security of our future  generations, and the health of people all around the planet who have,  really, no choice but to live close to the land and feel the pounding  of climate change in their immediate lives every day. We have to  address those things, and I hope we will.   So, in having heard his side of the argument, I just wanted to come  back to the floor and offer the other side. Somewhere between us there  is a resolution because I know perfectly well that the State of Alaska  is getting hit by the acidification and warming side and by the sea  level rise and storm surge side of this problem, just as much as Rhode  Island is. Perhaps, because, as my friend constantly reminds me, Alaska  has a huge advantage of size over Rhode Island, one could even imagine  that it is having more of an effect than Rhode Island.   So with those comments and with affection and regard for my colleague  from Alaska, I yield the floor    Madam President, I would just close by suggesting  that perhaps my friend, the Senator from Alaska, can sympathize, since  he fears that the interests that he came to the floor here to defend  will not be listened to. Perhaps he can sympathize with the fact that,  for 4 years, an entire administration wouldn't give the time of day to  the sea level rise concerns that are threatening my State. We are  talking about Freddie Mac. We are talking about a property value crash  across all of our coasts that is going to cause enormous harm to Rhode  Island, and we just left an administration that wouldn't pay one iota  of attention to that. It had fossil fuel industry climate deniers, and  there is such a thing. Not everybody in the fossil fuel industry is  that way, but they picked the bottom feeders to bring into government.   I share the Senator's frustration, but let me say I have got it about  10,000 times over after having lived with the Trump administration for  the past 4 years and gotten nothing and after having tried to bring  serious climate debate to the floor, knowing that the Republican leader  was going to block it. So, yes, I sympathize with his distress, and I  hope he sympathizes with my, rather, greater, cumulative distress from  the last 4 years.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   