 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairwoman and the  ranking member for helping bring this bill today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we mark Veterans Small Business Week in  support of the Veteran Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2021, an  important bipartisan bill I was proud to introduce with Congressman  Roger Williams to help build our economy by giving veterans the tools  they need to successfully start and grow their own businesses.   Just as our Nation's security rests on the shoulders of the men and  women serving in our armed services, our Nation's economic growth  relies on small businesses and American entrepreneurship. U.S. small  businesses generate 44 percent of our total economic output annually;  they employ almost half of all working Americans; and they produce  almost 65 percent of all new jobs.    Small business owners exemplify the American Dream. According to the  SBA, self-employed people, on average, earn more and have more net  worth than the non-self-employed. Perhaps best of all, Mr. Speaker,  owning your own business is the chance to do something you love and to  control your own destiny.   We also know that many veterans have the self-motivation, experience,  and valuable acquired skills to be successful entrepreneurs and small  business owners. America's veterans have gained extraordinary  experience and learned vital lessons, including planning, leadership,  team building, problem-solving, and adapting to constantly changing  situations.   The Boots to Business Program offers veterans a training curriculum  to help them transfer their service experiences to the business world  and expand their skill set with the know-how to succeed and prosper.   Since being launched in 2011, more than 50,000 veterans and their  spouses have benefited from the Boots to Business Program, learning  everything from strategic planning, marketing, basic accounting, and  even financing for a new business or new opportunity.   As we beat back the pandemic, one of the best things we can do to  help rebuild our economy is to unleash the ingenuity and  entrepreneurship that can power our Nation into the post-COVID, 21st  century global economy. The bipartisan bill before the House today  builds on proven outcomes by formally codifying the Boots to Business  Program into law.   I want to thank all of our veterans. I am pleased that this bill  passed out of the committee with strong bipartisan support, and I am  happy we are bringing it to the House floor today for a vote.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the Veteran  Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2021.   