 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Con.  Res. 11, the House Democrat budget for fiscal year 2021.    Mr. Speaker, in response to a previous speaker, it is always time to  talk about the deficit. Our national debt has already climbed to $28  trillion, representing about $85,000 per American citizen. This is over  $200,000 per American family or household.   How can we ever hope to repay that?   The spending on our interest payments alone on this debt, even with  the current artificially low interest rates, amounts to about 8 percent  of our annual budget as recently as fiscal year '19. It is projected to  rise to 26 percent of our budget over the next 30 years or by fiscal  year `50.   This path of fiscal insanity is simply not sustainable. Without our  currently artificial rates, we simply couldn't even afford to pay our  existing debt right now. Our national debt and current fiscal situation  truly represents one of the greatest threats to our country. The  science, as we like to say, or more specifically the math, confirms  this reality because a day of reckoning is coming.   We are the first generation to ever leave a legacy of debt to our  children and grandchildren. The Greatest Generation, the World War II  generation, who also faced down the Great Depression crisis, didn't  even do this to us.   So where do we find ourselves today?   We are contemplating a $2 trillion spending package that will cost  every American citizen an average of about $6,000 apiece, or $15,000  per family.   For what? What will they be getting for their share of this new debt?   Some will get a $1,400 check in return for their $6,000 share of the  debt. That is not a very good deal.   This proposal comes from the same folks who continue to unjustifiably  clamp down on our freedoms, economically and otherwise. In fact, in my  own home State of Virginia, 25 percent of businesses have permanently  closed since the lockdowns began. There is simply no substitute for the  American economy, and no relief or spending package will ever be  sufficient.   When has government spending ever truly fixed a problem or not made  it worse?   We have to turn the American worker, the American businessperson, and  the American economy loose. We have to stop spending our citizens'  futures.    We have to stop spending our citizens'  financial future. Instead, we have to empower them to chart their own  economic destiny.   To paraphrase the words of a famous young environmentalist: How dare  you? And how dare we?   