 Mr. Speaker, to Ranking Member Green, also to my  friend also from Florida (Mr. Deutch) in particular, and to my good  friend Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, I thank you for your  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, on the 11th of July, the Cuban people went to the  streets demanding one thing: freedom after 62 years of repression. That  was 4 months ago. Many of those who hit the streets were arrested, and  many of those remain in prison in the worst possible conditions.  Several have held hunger strikes to protest their unjust and cruel  imprisonment.   Unfortunately, there has been very little solidarity from the Biden  administration. The administration has yet to even use technology  available to the United States Government and even the private sector  to provide internet so the Cuban people can communicate. The  administration has failed to even support adequate funding for  broadcasting into Cuba through the Office of Cuba Broadcasting.   Mr. Speaker, I fear that the administration will use remittances or  even humanitarian aid or other ways to prop up the regime. Having said  that, that is why I am so grateful to Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman  Schultz, who has not given up and who has not stopped working to try to  bring a resolution to the floor.   This resolution is a compromise. It is a compromise resolution, and  although, as you have heard before, Mr. Speaker, many of my colleagues  and I would have liked a stronger resolution such as the one that I  introduced in July, which, again, the House leadership has refused to  bring forward, this resolution does express solidarity with the Cuban  people. Again, that is why I am so grateful to Congresswoman Debbie  Wasserman Schultz.   I mention her, but I also need to mention Congressman McCarthy; Albio  Sires; Maria Elvira Salazar; Carlos Gimenez; Mr. Mark Green, whom I  mentioned;   Michael McCaul; and Ted Deutch for their solidarity.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution for the  cause of freedom and human rights in Cuba so that the Cuban people know  that they are not alone and that we are with them.   Again, while we would like to be stronger, I am grateful for those  who have worked day in and day out to finally bring this forward.    Patria y vida. Cuba will be free. They must know, and they will know,  that they are not alone.   