 Mr. President, Member after Member has come down tonight  to speak, and the conversation, as we all have come down here, was to  come do something that I think is extraordinarily poignant.   This is the floor where policy is debated and where ideas of  governance are discussed. It is a deliberative body, but we are in a  democracy, and we represent people. So, tonight, the idea was that we  would come down here and talk about people, but the pain is that they  are not alive; that we would discuss the deceased, the dead, the  murdered, the killed.   I believe that if America has not broken your heart, then you don't  love her enough. Name after name tonight has been spoken by colleague  after colleague, and, dear God, every single name is a son or daughter.  It is a brother or sister. It is a family member. They are a person,  part of a community, and they are dead.   But this is not just any limited list. It seems to grow like a cancer  on the soul of our country. You take my age, 51 years old. Well, in  just the time of my life, the death in our country has been something  like has never before been seen in even a country at war because the  people who have died, the human beings who have been lost, the family  members who have been slain, their total number, in just my lifetime,  add up to more than all of the Americans who have died in every single  war from the Revolution to our current wars in the Middle East.   So my friends and my colleagues have read name after name after name,  but the painful, heartbreaking reality is we could have taken hour  after hour over days after days to name the total who have died in my  lifetime. And the heartbreaking stories have to stagger you when you  hear the testimony. On March 1, Kaiden Alex Peak, who was 4 years old,  and his brother, Mayson Paul Peak, who was 3 years old, were gunned  down, killed in Warsaw, MO. Jennifer Garcia, 21 years of age, and  Charlie Borbon Lopez, 20 years, both killed in Portland, OR. Say their  names. Say their names. Say their names.   Cobe Hilliard, 19, killed in Temple, TX. April Williams, 21, and her  mom Tammy Briggs, 46, killed in Augusta, GA. Say their names. Say their  names.   Christine Ruffin, age 61, was killed with a gun in Palm City, FL.  Delquan Daniels, 23 years old, was killed with a gun in Rochester, NY.  Say their names. Say their names.   Gerson Aleman Velasquez, 19, was killed with a gun in Myrtle Beach,  SC. Lionel Darling, age 39, and Rayneesha Dotson, age 30, were both  killed with guns--killed with guns. Say their name. Say their name.   Maritza Remijio Paniagua, age 20, was killed with a gun in Los  Angeles. Merlyn McCallister, age 51, was killed with a gun in Chicago.  Mishealia Marie Meredith, age 19, was killed with a gun in Eldorado,  IL. Victor Brooks, age 20, was killed with a gun in Phoenix, AZ. Ronald  Jeffery Laroy Jones, Jr., age 25, was killed with a gun in Columbus,  OH. Say their names. Say their names.   This is the question of our country. What is the quality of our  mercy? How courageous is our empathy? How destitute is our compassion?  How anemic is our love for one another that this many Americans are  dying hour after hour, day after day, month after month, year after  year? Carnage in our country like never before seen in humanity, and we  do nothing as a society and a government that was formed for a more  perfect Union, for domestic tranquility, and for justice. At the top of  our Federal Government's Constitution is the very ideal that we are for  the common defense. Say their names.   Do we honor them? Do we love their survivors? Love is not  sentimentality. It is not words. It demands something. It necessitates  sacrifice. And I can tell you I am one of those folks who, serving in  an American city, would have my police officers show me the films of  murders from our cameras--human beings being shot and killed. How could  it not shake the core of your soul? How could it not rip open wounds  that cannot be healed?   My colleagues reading names of people, children lost, kids lost to  suicide, bodies mangled, people paralyzed, how could it not call to  your conscience? How could it not demand from all of us not to sit idly  by and watch and witness? We are wounded as a society. We are hurting.  There is pain that is unspoken, and that is so dangerous.   In 2018, Shahad Smith, I knew him well. I used to live in high-rise  projects at the top of my block. There was a group of boys there, led  by this young man named Hassan Washington. Hassan was brilliant. He was  funny. He had a sharp wit. He had charisma. Shahad was one of the young  men in high school who hung out with him in the lobby of my building. I  would come home and I would see them there.   And I tell you, in 2018, I make it to the U.S. Senate, and I get a  call from Jimmy Wright, a police officer from those buildings who--he  is a beautiful man, and he was shaken. They killed Shahad on my block,  where I live as a U.S. Senator, at the top of my block, and I will  never forget how Jimmy described it. He said: Cory, I talked to the  police officer. He was killed with an assault rifle. And he said: Cory,  the police officer told me his head exploded.   And I--I had to hold onto something because most of those kids from  that lobby, the children I watched grow up in my 8 years living in  those projects, in those buildings, Black boys in a world where there  is so much assault--the first of them to die.   In 2005, I would come home at night. I was chasing my dream to be the  mayor of the largest city in my State. I was getting ready to run for  office, and I came home and I smelled marijuana in the lobby.   Now, we live in a country where it is a lot different watching kids  at Stanford, Yale smoke pot and have no worries. But for inner city  Black kids, I will tell you right now, they have no margins for  experimentation. And I said to myself: Oh, I have to intervene here. So  I started asking them: Let's get out of this lobby. Let's go do  something. Let's go to the movies. Let's eat. And I will never forget.  I made a mistake, y'all. I said: You guys choose a movie. That was a  mistake because they took me to something called ``Saw II.'' Do not see  that movie.   And we went out to dinner at a diner, Andrew's Diner. I remember the  conversations with them. I asked them what their dreams were. And this  moved me because their dreams, they were humble dreams.   And I said that I would connect them with mentors, and I had all  these plans about how to help these young men get out of the danger  zone. Then I got too busy with my campaign. And I remember feeling a  little guilty that I was too busy to follow through on the commitments  I had made. And I consoled myself that I was running for mayor: When I  become mayor, God, I will be able to help all children in the city. I  will step up then. Let me just get through the campaign.   Well, I would still come home at night, and the boys weren't mad at  me or anything like that. They would still greet me and cheer me on  when I came into the lobby, Shahad and Hassan. It was amazing. They  would lift me up.   One day they had lawn signs, my lawn signs, waving them, and formed a  parade line. And I walked out and waved and got in the elevator until I  realized, where did they get those lawn signs from? They are kind of  expensive.   I ended up winning. And I had death threats on me. And when you are  elected to office, get death threats, you have security. And next thing  you know, I had police officers stationed in the lobby, and the boys  weren't there anymore. They didn't want to hang out where the police  officers were.  [[Page S1759]]    And I didn't think too much about it because I was running at full  speed as a new mayor. I was 36, 37 years old. The violent crime in our  city was peaking. There were too many shooters in that hot summer. I  will never forget. And I would run to every street corner I could where  there was a shooting in our city. And I would stand there, and I would  say: This is not who we are. This is not America. This is not Newark.  We are going to overcome this. And I would give street-level sermons  telling people about the vision for our city. And, God, we would  eventually turn down the violence.   But in those early days, a month into my office, I show up on a  street corner, and there is a body covered by a sheet and another one  being loaded on the back of an ambulance. And I barely paid attention  to the humanity on the street. I didn't even ask for the names. I was  too busy ministering to the living.   I get home that night to steal a couple hours of sleep in my early  days as mayor. And I will never forget sitting in my bedroom with my  BlackBerry, going through it, and I saw the name on the homicide  report. At that moment in my life, something broke in me that will  never fix. It wasn't an anonymous name that I didn't know. It wasn't  just a cold issuance of another crime in a big city. The name was  Hassan Washington. Four floors below me he lived with his grandma, a  kid I promised to help with his dreams.   I will never forget his funeral for as long as I live. Perry's  Funeral Home--God bless them, those professionals. I entered that  funeral home as the newly minted mayor. And I was so upset when I saw  it was in their basement room because going in that room was like  descending into the bowel of a ship, a narrow staircase. And I get into  this room. We were piled in on top of each other like we were chained  together in grief, and people were crying. Everybody was showing up.  Everybody was there for what is an American tradition: almost every  day, another boy, another Black boy in a box killed by a gun.   And I wish I could tell you that I was strong in that moment. I wish  I could tell you that I was mayoral, that I was a leader and the father  of a city, but I wasn't. I felt shame. I felt hurt. I felt  embarrassment.   I tried to lean on other people in that room. There were folk I had  known for years, but, finally, I had enough. I had to run. I left  there. I jumped in my SUV, drove to my new office in City Hall. And for  the first time--not the last but for the first time as the mayor of New  Jersey's great and largest city, I sat in that office, and I wept over  a dead boy. And all I could think about was climbing through the  feelings of shame and hurt and pain. All I could think about was that  funeral in that basement room, packed full of people. All of us were  there for his death, but where were we for his life?   What a morbid thing we have been doing here tonight, reading the  names of dead people killed in our country, hoping that somehow-- somehow we could change. Well, I will tell you this right now: We are  in a distraught moment in our Nation, where most of us agree on solid  steps. It won't solve all the problems, but it would make a difference.  It would save a Hassan. It would save a Shahad. It would save the 3-  and 4-year-olds, the names I have read.   The question is, How courageous are we? How much do we truly love one  another? What will we do? This is a moment in American history that  could be the inflection point. If we act now, we could end some of this  nightmare. If we fail to do anything, we will be back here again. The  list of the dead will be longer. The heartache and the pain and the  wounds and the grief and the sorrow and the shame will be deeper in  America, the world's greatest country.   We must demand of each other a greater love. We must end the poverty  of empathy. We must free ourselves from this prison, from this dungeon.  We must release ourselves from these chains. We must demand that this  Nation be the Nation we want it to be, be the Nation we hope it should  be, be the Nation that those in military uniform died for--a nation  where we make real the greatest principles of humanity, the greatest  calling of every faith that there is--not words, but real, true,  manifestation of the principle and the call.   Will we be silent? Will we be ignorant? Will we avoid? Will we do  nothing? Will we be passive? Or will we truly be a nation that loves  one another?   I yield the floor   