 Madam President, I rise today in support of working men  and women across the country, and I am proud to stand with Senator  Sanders, who has been a champion for working people.   Let me be clear: Raising the minimum wage is COVID relief. The COVID- 19 pandemic has highlighted the immense underlying inequities in our  Nation. It has also driven home how important essential workers are to  our society and to our economy.   Millions of Americans do essential work but are not paid a living  wage. They work as home health aides, assisting elderly family members  to meet their basic needs with dignity. They produce our food, stock  our grocery shelves, keep facilities clean and safe, care for our  children, and so much more, so that we can go to work.   They are on the frontlines of this pandemic, risking their health,  yet still struggling to keep themselves and their families healthy.  They shouldn't also have to struggle to keep a roof over their heads  and food on their table.   Both of my parents worked jobs that are considered essential today.  For 40 years, my father worked as a short-order cook. For the same 40  years, my mom was a domestic worker. And it is people like them all  over America who work hard, with dignity, yet still struggle to make  ends meet. That is not the American dream--far from it.   It is finally time that Congress does something about it. There is  strong bipartisan support throughout the country for raising the  minimum wage. I am proud to say that my home State of California has  been a leader in the fight for 15, and just this past year, the voters  of Florida--yes, Florida, the State that voted for Donald Trump not  once but twice--approved a $15 minimum wage by a 20-point margin. That  is because it is Americans, both Democrats and Republicans, who know  that one of the most straightforward ways we can help working people is  by raising the Federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.   Now, California is a big State. We are a very diverse State, full of  diverse communities, with local variations in cost of living and local  business conditions, just like the rest of the country. And let me tell  you, the sky did not fall when California enacted a $15 minimum wage.   Now, I know some of our colleagues have argued that raising the  Federal minimum wage would reduce employment opportunities for American  workers. The facts show otherwise. Forty years of studies have found  little to no significant impact of wage increases on employment levels.   Some of our colleagues have also argued that eliminating the tipped  minimum wage nationwide would harm earnings for workers. That also has  not happened. Again, research has found that eliminating the tipped  minimum wage has no significant impact on employment.   At the same time, median hourly wages for tipped workers are higher  in equal treatment States like California compared to those with a  tipped minimum wage.   Madam President, 1.7 million Americans make the Federal minimum wage.  That is a $15,000-a-year income. We must be honest with ourselves. No  one can meet the minimum standards of living on a minimum wage of just  $15,000 a year.   Now, raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour would also help reduce  some of the gender and racial inequities in our Nation, as Senator  Sanders has referenced, given the overrepresentation of women and  minorities in jobs that earn the minimum wage. It would give them more  money to spend in their local economy, which in turn is good for  business. But most importantly, it will lift hundreds of thousands of  families out of poverty. Think about that. We have the opportunity to  lift hundreds of thousands of families out of poverty.   This isn't just an opportunity, it is a moral responsibility. No one  who works a full-time job should live in poverty. It is that simple. We  must stand on the side of hard-working Americans.   I call on my colleagues to continue the fight for 15 and pass the  Sanders amendment to bring justice and prosperity for all American  workers.   I yield the floor.   