 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    There is a disturbing trend in the not-so-friendly skies  these days--a big spike in confrontations, often violent, on American  airplanes. It is all the more disturbing because it is totally  unnecessary. In most cases, these disputes go back to one of the Biden  administration's dumbest policies--the mask mandate at airports and on  airplanes.   When the Wuhan coronavirus broke out in our country last year,  confusion and uncertainty reigned, but within a couple of months, some  commonsense standards had emerged: Protect the elderly and the frail.  Outdoor activities are safer than indoor ones. Keep your distance. Wear  a mask when you can't for prolonged periods inside. Be civil and kind  to each other.   Thanks to Operation Warp Speed, these standards are largely a thing  of the past. Americans are tired of it, and they want their freedoms  back, and they are right. But too many Democratic politicians and know- it-all bureaucrats don't want to give up their newfound powers.   No single action captures this power grab by government busybodies  better than the TSA's decision to extend its zero-tolerance mask  mandates for planes, trains, and buses until September, through the  summer travel season. This mandate applies to the vaccinated and the  unvaccinated alike, as well as kids over the age of 2.   Passengers without a mask or accompanied by children without a mask  can lose their seats and be banned from airlines and subject to a  $1,500 fine. This draconian and punitive policy has no basis in  science. After all, airports typically have larger spaces and higher  ceilings than, say, a grocery store and pharmacy. Planes have some of  the most advanced air filtration systems available in the market today.   But this stupid mandate does have real-world consequences. Just last  month, a Colorado mother and her family were removed from their flight  because the plane's captain didn't believe that her 3-year-old son with  autism would keep his mask on. This mother, unfortunately, was not the  first to be removed from a flight, and I am sure she won't be the last  if this absurd mandate remains in place.   This policy discourages family travel after a year of separation and  forces Americans with children, especially children with disabilities,  to cancel travel or else live in constant fear that an untimely tantrum  or a bad day could ruin their trip and cost them more than $1,000 in  fines.   As the father of two young boys, I can only assume the morons who  cooked up this rule don't have children, or perhaps they outsource  their kids to nannies and au pairs during flights, just as they do  during their dinner parties and fancy retreats. Young kids, especially  when they are in a new location surrounded by strangers, tend to act  out and misbehave, as any parent will tell you. That entirely  predictable behavior shouldn't result in their whole family being  kicked off planes, trains, and buses far from home or their  destination.   I must also observe--although I know that facts have nothing to do  with this mandate--that young kids are also the least likely to get the  coronavirus and the least likely to spread it.   Now, I concede that it is not only young kids who sometimes cause  problems on planes. There are too many instances of grownups refusing  to wear masks or berating flight attendants merely trying to do their  job. These unruly adults should know better, of course, but so should  the politicians and the bureaucrats who imposed this idiotic mandate in  the first place.   Millions of Americans are flying again, and to say simply that ``they  should follow my rules'' is impractical and ignores all we know about  human nature.   The mandate, therefore, hurts not only passengers but also flight  attendants. In our line of work, we probably fly more than most  Americans these days. Over the last couple of months, I have personally  seen so many flight attendants set up for failure by the Biden  administration. They usually don't want to boss around their passengers  or kick them off an airplane and cause a scene that will go viral on  social media, but they are also told they have to enforce this stupid  mask mandate, and it is all for no good reason.   It would be one thing if there was scientific evidence that suggested  that these masks in airports and on airplanes or buses or trains  actually slowed the spread of the virus among the unvaccinated, but  that is not the case. Even the Secretary of Transportation, Pete  Buttigieg, can't defend these mandates on the merits. He doesn't even  try. The only rationale he could give when recently asked about the  mandate was, ``They're a matter of respect,'' to which I would respond,  how about some respect for Americans and their common sense?   If you can't defend a policy on the merits, you shouldn't have the  policy, and the Biden administration should therefore immediately  rescind its mask mandates for airports and airplanes and buses and  trains. Vaccinated Americans and their young kids should not be forced  to wear face coverings on airplanes or anywhere else, for that matter.  It is unnecessary, it is unscientific, and in the case of children, it  is cruel.   I think I speak for millions of Americans when I say: Mask mandates  have long since outlived their usefulness and their welcome. We have  all but won the war against the Wuhan coronavirus. It is time for us to  act like it, to reclaim victory and reclaim our freedom.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I again ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   