 Madam President, I reserve the right to object.    Madam President, I certainly appreciate the Senator from  Florida's interest in oversight of the coronavirus emergency relief  funds. This funding has been and continues to be critical to the  American people throughout the pandemic.   I also appreciate the Senator's support for the creation of the  Pandemic Response Accountability Committee when he voted for the CARES  Act. This was a provision that I authored to ensure that we would have  strong oversight of coronavirus relief dollars.   I agree wholeheartedly that we must be faithful stewards of taxpayer  money. That is why the CARES Act directed the Government Accountability  Office, our congressional watchdog, to oversee coronavirus spending. We  are fortunate to receive consistent, detailed reporting and  recommendations on these issues. The Senator's resolution, however,  will not strengthen these oversight mechanisms, nor will it deliver any  form of relief to families who are hurting and small businesses that  are struggling.   If the Senator from Florida wants an update on the current status of  funding from previous coronavirus relief bills, I am happy to provide  one to him.   Let's first look at the first coronavirus relief measures, all of  which were passed in March and April of last year. To date,  approximately 93 percent of those funds have been obligated and 88  percent have been outlaid. After accounting for benefits that are, by  design, continuing to be paid out over time, there is less than $100  billion of uncommitted funds left, and approximately half of that is in  the Provider Relief Fund for struggling medical providers, whose needs  continue to be extremely high.   For the legislation signed into law on December 27, 2020, more than  half of this funding has already been committed, but if we set aside  expanded unemployment benefits, which expire next month; small business  relief; and the tax credit portion of the economic impact payments,  which will be disbursed over time, less than 12 percent of the funding  from December remains unobligated.   We know the status of funds from past COVID relief bills. This  information is not being kept secret in any way. In addition to reports  from the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee and the Government  Accountability Office, we have a monthly SF 133 report from the Office  of Management and Budget.   Coronavirus-related spending is also publicly tracked--publicly  tracked--on both USASpending.gov and on the website of the Pandemic  Response Accountability Committee.   We don't need more reports right now; we need action. We have been  fighting a public health and economic crisis, neither of which will  magically disappear without additional Federal action. We can't wait  until more small businesses close or hospitals run into the red. We  know how badly Americans are hurting, and they are hurting right now.   We are a full year into this pandemic that has taken the lives of  over 515,000 Americans. And this pandemic is not over. It is continuing  to ravage communities all across our Nation.   Let's look at where we are right now. Upwards of 2,000 Americans are  dying each and every day. Daily cases are at the same levels we saw  during the last surge in July, with over 50,000 Americans testing  positive for COVID-19 every day. We are also facing the new threat of  emerging variants like the UK and South African strains, which  unfortunately could lead to even more cases.   The economic toll continues to go on. Millions of Americans remain  out of work. In January, the unemployment rate was nearly double that  of prepandemic levels, and unemployment claims are still more than  double prepandemic levels. We all have friends, family members, and  neighbors who are hurting right now. Small businesses have had to slash  their hours, cutting into their own bottom line and employees'  paychecks.   We need to help struggling families by providing rental assistance,  stimulus checks, and unemployment benefits. We need to help kids by  supporting our schools so we can get back to in-person learning. We  need to invest in the public health infrastructure necessary to combat  this virus by increasing testing capacity, implementing vaccine  education campaigns, and tracking and containing the new COVID variants  that we see springing up.   We are starting to see a glimpse of light at the end of this very  long--far too long--tunnel, but we must keep moving forward. The  American Rescue Plan will finally allow us to control the virus,  improve the lives of all Americans, and get us out of this crisis.   We should not be wasting time on partisan resolutions that will  neither deliver relief nor meaningfully improve oversight of COVID  relief efforts. We must come together and provide the relief that  families and small businesses all across our country so desperately  need.   Madam President, I object.   