 Madam President, in June, our Democratic colleagues voted  on their first and initial efforts to nationalize our State-run and  local-run election system. That bill--this legislation, this effort-- had been years in the  [[Page S6614]]  making. You know, in some ways, it is interesting to think about  because back when our country was founded, there was a big debate on  whether we should have a national government or whether we should have  a Federal system. And, of course, we opted for a Federal system where  the States retained their sovereignty within their authority, and all  powers not delegated to the Federal Government were retained by the  States and the people. That is the very definition of a Federal system.   So our colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle have sort of  renewed that debate again, trying to upend our Federal system of  governance in favor of a national government, basically a command and  control run out of Washington, DC.   When it comes to the takeover of our elections or to try to  nationalize our elections, the initial proposal surfaced as a messaging  bill in 2019 but over the years has undergone a number of makeovers.  Each time, our colleagues have tried to sell this radical change in the  way that our elections are run by different appeals.   They have talked about, well, this is important for election  security. Remember the 2016 election, obviously--big concerns about  Russian misinformation campaigns and cyber attacks, and election  security was obviously at top of mind.   Then it was sold as a matter of regaining the voters' confidence that  their vote would actually count.   Then it was sold as a way to remove the obstacles that prevented  people from voting, which appears to be the current message.   Well, in 2020, in my State alone, but not just in Texas but across  the country, we saw a record voter turnout. In my State, we said 66  percent of registered voters cast a ballot--11.3 million people.   The last time I had been on the ballot, 6 years previously, we only  had 4.8 million voters, but we went from 4.8 to 11.3 in just 6 years.  Now, part of that is because my State has been growing. Between 2010  and 2020, we have seen 4 million new Texans, either born or moved or  made their way one way or another to our State.   But the 2020 election saw the largest voter turnout in 120 years--120  years. Well, clearly, if people are voting--including people of color,  minorities--are voting at record levels, it is time to come up with a  new sales pitch to try to sell this hijacking, really, of our State-  and local-run elections.   So a number of States, including my State, have recently passed  legislation to address voter confidence, to make sure that elections  are fair and that people have an opportunity to vote who are legally  qualified to do so. The phrase many of them used in that process was,  they tried to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat. So that now  has been the focus of our Democratic colleagues in trying to  nationalize our State- and local-run elections, which, by the way, is  ensconced within the framework of the Constitution itself.   So our Democratic colleagues then attacked the State election laws  and really just went over the top in terms of their description of what  exactly was happening. Certainly it was not factual, but they said, in  a number of cases, these changes in State election laws--and I am  thinking of Georgia, Arizona, and Texas in particular--they said that  they are the most sweeping attacks on the right to vote since the  beginning of Jim Crow, and they said the only way to change that was to  pass their election law.   Our colleagues talked about the bill in terms of protecting the right  to vote and strengthening our democracy. Who could be against that? But  the reality of the situation is very different, and the far-reaching  provisions of the Democratic election takeover bill look nothing like  the safeguards of democracy; they look more like a partisan power play.   In the end, the only thing bipartisan about the bill was the  opposition. In both the House and Senate, Republicans and Democrats  voted against the initial legislation, but our Democratic colleagues  still refuse to recognize the reality of the vote and throw in the  towel.   After the failed vote this summer, our colleagues on the Democratic  side went back to the drawing board and came back with a new bill they  call the Freedom to Vote Act. Well, if we needed any more proof that  this is not a good-faith effort to strengthen our election but, rather,  a partisan power play, the bill was introduced 1 week ago, and the  Senate could end up voting on it as early as this week. That is hardly  what I would call a deliberative process, one that even invites  bipartisan debate and consideration.   So we may end up being required to vote on the bill--that is  certainly the prerogative of the majority leader--with no real  committee hearings, no real testimony from experts, and no indication  that this bill is really being taken seriously other than to check a  box and to send a message.   What has really been interesting is our colleagues on the left have  said--they have tried to brand this as a compromise bill. I think that  is primarily because of the objection of the Senator from West  Virginia, Senator Manchin, who said he couldn't support the original  bill. So they tried to come up with something that maybe looked more  like a compromise but really isn't, and I will talk about that more in  a second.   But this bill was not the result of bipartisan deliberations or  consultation or communication even. As the Republican leader has noted,  this so-called compromise bill is a compromise between the left and the  radical left, which is hardly a compromise at all. But that is  apparently the way that Leader Schumer decides to run the Senate, after  all, passing a $1.9 trillion spending bill right after Joe Biden became  President, with no Republican support, under the auspices of being  COVID relief when only 10 percent of it actually had anything to do  with COVID.   Well, the good news is we have done a few bipartisan things. We  passed the Endless Frontier Act--our way of trying to address the  challenge of China. We passed a bipartisan infrastructure bill. But now  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to do it alone  again, and they are trying to pass a bill that could end up costing  taxpayers as much as $5.5 trillion. A nominal figure is $3.5 trillion,  but right now, they are experiencing a lot of differences of opinion  within their own ranks as to what is acceptable and what is not, and  they certainly aren't talking to us.   But all the while, they have continued to work on a partisan effort  to overrun our constitutional delegation, really, of the election  system to State and local government. So no one should be fooled. This  bill is not a compromise in any sense of the word. Just like its  predecessor, this bill hijacks State constitutional power to make  decisions on things like voter registration and early voting.   Actually, this morning in the Constitution Subcommittee, the Senator  from Connecticut, Senator Blumenthal, was talking about the fact that  his State, Connecticut, did not have early in-person voting, but they  have now passed a bill that provides for a referendum in Connecticut.  If the referendum passes, then the State legislature may actually  provide for early voting in person.   I would just tell you that the contrast between the rhetoric and the  reality is pretty amazing because the Texas election law, passed by the  State legislature just recently, provides for 17 days of early voting  in person. In other words, there is a fulsome opportunity for anybody  who is qualified to vote to cast their ballot in person or by mail if  you qualify or on the day of the election. As you can see, with 66  percent of the registered voters actually taking advantage of that  generous opportunity to cast their ballot, they did in historic  numbers.   Well, there is a saying that ``if it is not broke, don't fix it,''  and there is nothing broke about our State- and local-run election  systems. Certainly the guardrails are in place. If, for example,  someone were to deny a minority voter the opportunity to cast a ballot  or to make sure their ballot counted just like anybody else's, there is  section 2 of the Voting Rights Act. In fact, the Biden Department of  Justice has filed such a lawsuit against Georgia based on the changes  in their voting laws. So there is plenty of opportunity to raise these  issues in court should the Federal Government and should the Biden  administration wish to challenge them, but the truth is, they are going  to lose because what they have  [[Page S6615]]  tried to do is to change through litigation what they cannot do  constitutionally through legislation.   Well, this so-called compromise bill, which is no compromise at all,  contains invasive disclosure requirements that would attack the privacy  of voters and chill free speech. It places handcuffs on States when it  comes to drawing new legislative lines in redistributing, and it  threatens action from the Attorney General if those standards aren't  met. It makes it too difficult to root out fraud and protect the  integrity of the vote by prohibiting voter ID for mail-in ballots and  mandating drop boxes for ballots to be dropped by partisan advocates.   You know, people act like there is no such thing as voter fraud, but  actually we have a famous case in Texas called Box 13 in Duval County,  TX, where Coke Stevenson and LBJ--Lyndon Baines Johnson--were running  for the Senate.   You know what they found is, because of the manipulation of the voter  rolls by the county judge in Duval County, literally, they had people  who were already buried in the cemetery vote in favor of Lyndon Baines  Johnson in alphabetical order once they figured out how many votes they  needed to cast.   That is just one famous example of voter fraud. Our Democratic  colleagues act like it doesn't exist.   But what we did here in the Judiciary Committee a few months ago was  the secretary of state for New Hampshire--he is a Democrat, and they  don't have any early voting. It was interesting to hear him say that he  thinks the single most important factor when it comes to people casting  their ballot is people's confidence in the system that their ballot  will actually be counted the way they voted. So all of these different  times and conditions under which people can cast their ballot, he says,  really don't have nearly as big an impact as just the confidence they  have that their vote will be counted as they cast it.   And why our Democratic colleagues are opposed to voter ID is beyond  me. We know Jimmy Carter and James Baker III--of course, Jimmy Carter,  a former Democratic President; and James Baker III, a former prominent  Secretary of State and Treasury Secretary. They had a commission to  look at things like voter ID, and they actually recommended that voter  ID would be one way to instill public confidence in the integrity of  the vote.   You have to show your ID when you go through the Transportation  Security Administration--TSA--to get on an airplane. You have to show  an ID if you are going to buy a pack of cigarettes at a convenience  store or six-pack of beer. I mean, we are accustomed to people being  required to identify who they are. If you want to get into a Federal  building, you have to show an ID.   So the idea that we should prohibit voter ID, to me, is ridiculous,  and that is one of the provisions in the Democrat substitute bill which  is before us. It would prohibit the use of voter ID through mail-in  ballots.   But that is just the beginning. One of the most outlandish--or I  should say on top of what I have already talked about--provisions of  this bill is the use of taxpayer funds for campaigns. Well, a lot of  companies have matching programs for charitable giving. That is a  positive, good thing. If an employee donates to a charity of their  choice, many times their company will match that donation dollar for  dollar. That is a positive thing.   But, here, what happens is, instead of a charity getting the money,  it is a political candidate. In other words, our Democratic colleagues  are recommending that for every dollar that is donated to a political  candidate, the taxpayer kick in an extra 6 bucks.   Well, I know some of these campaigns that we have already run in  recently get to be pretty expensive campaigns. But can you imagine that  the taxpayers be asked to pony up $6 for every $1 that is contributed  to the campaign? And is it really fair to ask taxpayers to subsidize  the election of somebody they may disagree with?   It makes no sense to me. Well, this means that if someone donates  $200 to the preferred congressional candidate, the Federal Government  could match with $1,200. And it is not the Federal Government; it is  the taxpayer, by the way.   Then there are the campaign vouchers, which will provide eligible  voters with a $25 voucher to donate to the campaign of their choosing.  I am not making this up. This is what is in the legislation that,  unfortunately, I don't think many people have read or understand.   It is easy to imagine a better use of taxpayer funding, whether  infrastructure, help for people who still are in need as a result of  the COVID pandemic. It could go to crime victims or support a response  to a humanitarian crisis at the border, like we are seeing in Del Rio,  TX. But, no, our Democratic colleagues want to put it into the  political campaigns of the candidates of their choice.   Well, in addition to the rotten provisions that are maintained from  the previous bill, there is even more. The bill places immense power in  the office of General Counsel of the Federal Election Commission. He is  an unelected official. It lowers the legal standard to overturn voting  laws. And it makes election day a Federal holiday, even though the bill  mandates 15 days of early voting, which, again, by the way, is less  than the State legislature has provided for in Texas. We have 17 days  of early voting.   Well, the truth is this is a so-called solution in search of a  problem. The truth is there is no voter suppression epidemic.   During the Obama administration, their Justice Department brought  four lawsuits--four lawsuits--under section 2 of the Voting Rights Act.  If you thought there was an epidemic of voter suppression, don't you  think the Obama administration would have been more active and more  vigilant?   Again, there is the fact that the 2020 elections saw the highest  turnout in 120 years for all racial and ethnic groups. Over the last 4  years, States across the country undertook efforts to keep their  elections free from fraud and foreign interference.   By the way, one of the conclusions following the 2016 election by the  intelligence community was that the dispersed and diffused nature of  our elections actually made it harder for Russia to impact the outcome  because they would have had to do so in all 50 States.   If this was all run out of Washington, DC, and one black box  appeared, it would probably be easier for them to concentrate their  efforts on one location rather than 50 locations and increase the  likelihood of their ability to influence the outcome.   Well, we have kicked in--here in Congress--hundreds of millions of  dollars to help the States keep their elections free from fraud and  foreign interference.   But under the Constitution, as currently written, each State has a  constitutional authority to govern how their elections are run, and I  think it is a good thing--subject to section 2 of the Voting Rights Act  if someone commits a foul.   In my State, 29 million people are spread out across major cities and  small towns alike. And what works well in our State may not make as  much sense in a small, densely populated State like New Jersey, or  large, sparsely populated State like Alaska.   That is why it is important that the States be the laboratories of  democracy and try to be responsive to the needs of the people in their  particular State, because we are not all the same. I believe the  leaders in each State know best the unique circumstances of their  constituents, and they are best suited to craft voting laws that  prioritize both access and security.   A Federal Government hijacking of our State- and local-run election  laws will not improve voter confidence in our elections. In fact, it  will stir the very fears that Democrats claim they are trying to  alleviate. But this isn't really new. It is just a repackaged and new  effort to do the same thing, which is to nationalize our elections and  run all of them out of Washington, DC, and to discourage commonsense  measures, like voter ID, that help bolster public confidence in our  elections and diminish the opportunity for people to cheat.   Well, no matter how many times we see this rebranded and new version  of this Federal takeover of elections, I will continue to fight any  effort to take the constitutional authority given to my State to run  our own elections. I certainly am not going to turn  [[Page S6616]]  it over to the National Democratic Party.   The Senate will never green light politically motivated attempts to  take over America's elections, and that is good thing. And we are not  going to go down this road on this new, rehashed, modified, substitute  effort to nationalize our Federal elections.   I yield the floor.   