 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana,  Representative Johnson, for arranging this Special Order to highlight  the deviously entitled Women's Health Protection Act and for giving us  the opportunity to speak up for the unborn.   With this bill, the Democrats have actually sought to remove  protections for women and their babies enacted by State legislatures  across the country. These protections include ensuring that abortion  providers have the most basic of medical credentials, admitting  privileges at a hospital should an emergency arise as a result of an  abortion.   The bill would also preclude abortion clinics from providing  information relevant to a woman's right to know, including an  ultrasound prior to the procedure.   By removing these protections and the right of women to be fully  informed, the supporters of this bill are exposing women to injury and  death and, in many cases, a lifetime of sorrow and regret.   There is another loss that is suffered. In the loss of millions of  lives not lived, this Nation has lost incalculable talent, intellect,  and achievement of those who never lived to bless us with the gifts  they surely possessed. These are children who could have been great  teachers, doctors, inventors, artists, and spiritual leaders. Our lives  are less today because we never gave them the chance to live.   These were lives that deserved protection. This bill denies the  reality of what we have lost and ignores the great potential of  children whose lives will be taken if this bill passes.   Tonight, I stand in this Chamber to declare that the lives of those  lost to abortion mattered, and we are less as a Nation because of it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to  oppose this bill and to stand not just for the lives of unborn children  but also for the enormous potential that those lives have.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 3755  and embrace life and all its potential.   