 Madam Speaker, it seems to me that impeachment is an itch  that doesn't go away with just one scratch. It also seems that  President Trump may be most likely to be impeached when he is correct.   Before the last Presidential impeachment, President Trump rightly  pointed out the improper activities of the Biden crime family, and  subsequently he has been proven right. And don't think for a moment,  Madam Speaker, that we are going to drop that or stop our pursuit for  the truth.   Before that, Madam Speaker, we had the Russia hoax, where you had the  President rightfully making claims that Hillary Clinton and the DNC  were colluding with Russians to disorient our democracy. How right he  turned out to be.   And then we have the 2020 Presidential election where the President  correctly pointed out unconstitutional behavior, voting irregularities,  concerns over tabulations, dead people voting, and now impeachment  again. ``When they go low, we kick them,'' Eric Holder, former Attorney  General under Barack Obama.   Breaching the Capitol was as low as low can be. We all denounce it.   But who is it that they are kicking?   The President, who created soaring highs for our economy, rising  wages before the pandemic, and 400 miles of wall to stop the caravans.  He drew down troops in the Middle East and showed empathy for the  forgotten men and women of our country. It is why so many people love  him so much, and it is why they are kicking all of us.   This President has faced unprecedented hatred and resistance from Big  Media, Big Tech, and big egos from congressional leaders on both sides  of the aisle.   Before the rioters tore through that glass, Speaker Pelosi stood at  that rostrum and tore through the President's State of the Union  speech, inciting anger, resentment, and division. Some believe that  truly these true colors are being shown now through this divisive  bipartisan impeachment.    Madam Speaker, the Speaker said to us just moments ago  that words matter. But apparently those words don't matter when they  are uttered by Democrats, when the gentlewoman from Massachusetts calls  for unrest in the streets, and when the gentlewoman from California  brazenly brags that she called for people to get in the faces of those  who serve and support the President.   I denounce political violence from all ends of the spectrum. But make  no mistake: the left in America has incited far more political violence  than the right. For months our cities burned, police stations burned,  and our businesses were shattered; and they said nothing or they cheer- led for it, they fundraised for it, and they allowed it to happen in  the greatest country in the world.   Now, some have cited the metaphor that the President lit the flame.  They lit actual flames and actual fires. We put them out, and we intend  to keep this President.   