 Mr. Speaker, I rise with my friend and colleague from  Arkansas to acknowledge the work that has been put in by our colleague  from Connecticut. This has been a long discussion that we have had  various points where we have debated, and this is a positive thing.  [[Page H2462]]    Mr. Speaker, as you know, preventing fraud and abuse within our  financial system and cracking down on bad actors for illegal insider  trading is a nonpartisan priority. We all believe that this is a good  thing. In fact, this kind of fraud and illegal activity hurts everyday  Main Street investors. It also makes our capital markets less  efficient, accurate, and fair to all investors.   Now, current law prohibits trading on material insider information in  breach of a fiduciary duty under the antifraud provisions of the  Federal securities laws. Let me just repeat that. Current law prohibits  those activities.   The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice  are the Federal agencies tasked with enforcing insider trading laws.  Both agencies regularly use their authority to bring insider trading  cases against these bad actors who violate our insider trading laws.   However, the bill we are discussing here today, H.R. 2655, is flawed  and could potentially create even more confusion and uncertainty within  the law of insider trading. It could expand liability for good-faith  traders, which would weaken investor confidence, chill vital  information-gathering, and hurt the efficiency of our markets.   I believe it is important to note that, once again, the SEC is not  asking for this bill or, frankly, any other legislative help on this  issue. That is, the cop on the beat is not saying we need additional  tools. Moreover, Democrats have not identified a problem within the  current body of law that inhibits the prosecution of bad actors who  illegally trade on material, nonpublic information. Again, the  regulators have the tools that they need.   Republican and Democrat SEC chairs alike, with vastly different  approaches to enforcement matters, have expressed concerns over  Congress codifying a prohibition on insider trading into one single  statute, as we are doing. Specifically, they voiced concerns that  Congress would write a law that would be both overly broad, yet too  narrow. Now, that is an odd phrase.   Former SEC Chair Mary Jo White, during 2015 testimony--by the way,  she was President Obama's SEC chair--before our Financial Services  Committee, when asked whether or not Congress should pursue an explicit  statutory prohibition, stated: ``I think it is challenging to codify it  clearly in a way that is both not too broad and retains the strength of  the common law.''   Additionally, former SEC Chair Jay Clayton voiced similar concerns  that Congress could write an insider trading law that is both too broad  and too narrow.   I want to commend the gentleman from Connecticut for his dedicated  work over the years on this issue, and I appreciate his efforts to try  and codify a specific insider trading prohibition.    However, codifying very nuanced case law and  regulations that have been developed over decades to prohibit insider  trading is a significant task and undertaking. We all know that case  law does oftentimes dictate the nuances. I fear that this bill could  add more confusion and uncertainty around insider trading law with  rogue judges and prosecutors using the language to expand the bounds of  insider trading laws.   It was mentioned that this bill passed this body 410-13, and I was  one of the 13.   We have to ask ourselves: Why was the bill ignored by the Senate?   There isn't a compelling problem to solve is why it was ignored. This  is a solution in search of a problem.   I believe H.R. 2655, the Insider Trading Prohibition Act, which we  are debating today, is both too broad and too narrow, just as former  SEC Chair White warned was possible, and I continue to be opposed to  the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, let me throw out one name--I guess it is  actually, technically, two names: Dodd-Frank.   My friends on the other side wrote a massively expansive bill that  did turn over all of that authority to come up and promulgate rules out  of whole cloth.   What we are talking about here is a very key word: materiality.   We are having this exact debate about the environmental, social, and  governance issues, the ESG of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  and the boundaries of those rules. This is the balance between making  sure that the legislature and our constitutional powers do not  contradict the powers that are given to those regulators.   Yet, at the same time, we need to make sure that the regulators,  based on case law, based on experience and the flexibility that they  may need to go and do a law enforcement action, that they have those  tools and that they are not pulled back from them.   If the gentleman's sort of example was to hold true, then we would  have to eliminate all corporate law and every single publicly traded  company that incorporates in Delaware. Delaware's entire corporate  structure is based on case law and what has gone on. It is widely  accepted throughout the United States that it is solid and positive,  and that is what we are trying to do here today.   We are not trying to hand over more power to the bureaucrats. We are  trying to make sure that the system that is in place, that everybody  understands the rules of the road, that they then are going to be used  to be enforced.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.  [[Page H2463]]    