 Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to urge  the Senate to move immediately to vote on the confirmation of Dr.  Laurie Locascio to be the Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and  Technology at the Department of Commerce and--this is a double-headed  position--as the Director of the National Institute of Standards and  Technology.   As of today, we have 156 pending nominations on the executive  calendar. These include Ambassadorial nominations to important  countries like China, Japan, and others all around the world. It is  harming our national security. We should be moving forward with them  urgently. Then there are a whole number of nominations that relate to  very important U.S. domestic Agencies, and one of them is this  appointment at the National Institute of Standards and Technology.   Look, many Americans are aware of the NIH, the National Institutes of  Health. They know that that Institute does very important medical  research that helps save lives and that it develops treatments to help  Americans and others around the world. In fact, they have played a key  role in the development of the vaccines against COVID-19.   Less well-known but also very important is the National Institute of  Standards and Technology, which plays a key role in supporting American  economic competitiveness and supporting innovation for Americans and  American companies around the world. They also play an important role  in the supply chain effort of the United States. That, of course, has  taken on added significance in recent months as we experience  bottlenecks.   So we are only hurting ourselves, and we are only hurting our country  by refusing to allow this body to move forward on a vote on her  nomination. We are essentially saying to this very important institute,  this important government entity: We are not going to vote on your  leader. So it is time to move forward on this.   Now, I want to talk a little bit about why Dr. Locascio is an  exceptional choice for this role. It is not only because she hails from  the great State of Maryland; it is not only because she is a graduate  of the University of Maryland, Baltimore and that she has been  [[Page S9019]]  a leader of the University of Maryland's research endeavors since 2017;  but it is also--and most importantly--because she brings to this  position three decades of experience in working at all levels at NIST,  the institute to which she has been nominated to lead.   She began her time at the Agency as a research staffer and rose to  become the Acting Principal Deputy Director and Associate Director for  Laboratory Programs. She was responsible for directing the Material  Measurement Laboratory, which is one of NIST's largest laboratories.  She also has very intimate knowledge of NIST from her other years of  experience there, and she has really touched upon every area of  endeavor within the NIST portfolio.    As I indicated, this appointment would be important at any time, but  it is especially important at this moment as we grapple with supply  chain issues and as we try to bolster U.S. manufacturing and try to  make sure that we manufacture here, in the United States, essential  products that we need.   This body, in addition to focusing on the manufacturing side of the  ledger, also understands the importance of investment in vital research  and materials science, in things like quantum computing and artificial  intelligence. We passed, with an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 68 to  32, the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, and NIST has very  important responsibilities in those areas. What NIST does there is very  important in our maintaining and sharpening our position in the world,  especially as we address the growing challenge of China.   I also want to mention the Manufacturing Extension Partnership that  is run out of NIST, which plays a very important role right now as we  work to fight these supply chain blockages and also accelerate the  production of personal protective equipment--N95 masks and ventilators.  That push was fueled, largely, by the $50 million that this body helped  to appropriate for the MEP program in the CARES Act. Again, that is a  program housed in NIST that is helping to deal with supply chain  bottlenecks when it comes to essential protections from the pandemic.   So there is no justification for blocking this nomination. In fact,  all we are doing is tying our hands behind our backs by depriving this  important institute of their top leader at a time when we face national  challenges on supply chain issues and at a time when we understand we  have got to be at the top of our game when it comes to innovation and  cutting-edge technologies in so many areas where it is essential to  meet the challenge of China and others around the world in global  competition. So I would really urge my colleagues to allow this  nomination to proceed. It is the right thing to do for our country.   Mr. President, at this point in time, I ask unanimous consent that,  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate consider the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 551, Department of Commerce, Laurie  E. Locascio, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for  Standards and Technology; that the nomination be confirmed; that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order on  the nomination; and that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President, I would just ask my colleague, in the  coming days, before the end of the year, to reconsider his position.   He is a member of the Commerce Committee, and he knows well that  there have been three hearings on supply chain issues, one on May 11  regarding ``Freight Mobility: Strengthening America's Supply''; on July  15, ``Implementing Supply Chain Resiliency''; and on December 7,  ``Unchartered Waters: Challenges Posed by Ocean Shipping Supply  Chains,'' where the committee discussed a whole range of supply chain  issues.   Moreover, responding to these issues, if we are really serious about  addressing our supply chain issues, how does it help to deny us the  opportunity to vote and put in place the Director of an Agency that is  supposed to help relieve the supply chain bottlenecks?   I know the Senator from Florida had to leave, but it is a very simple  question. If there is a genuine interest in addressing supply chain  bottlenecks and addressing the cost pressures, how does denying NIST a  leader help advance that agenda? Clearly, it does not. Clearly, this is  harming the U.S. markets at this important time. Clearly, it is harming  our supply chain efforts. Clearly, it is harming U.S. competitiveness.   So I urge my colleagues to move forward on this nomination.  Apparently not today because of the objection, but let's get it done  before the end of this year.   I am not going to ask for a quorum call. Thank you. That is it.   