 Madam Speaker, Mr. Richard Trumka blessed our nation with  leadership, courage, and dignity, fighting for working men and women  throughout his life. Born into a coal mining family in Nemacolin,  Pennsylvania, near Pittsburg, Richard never forgot his working-class  roots.   At the age of 19, Richard followed the footsteps of his father and  grandfather--straight into the mine shafts, alternating several months  below ground and several months in school. He graduated from  Pennsylvania State and received a law degree from Villanova. Then for  13 years, he led the United Mine Workers of America as its elected  president before bringing his staunch advocacy to the AFL-CIO, first as  its secretary-treasurer, then as its president.   Many will remember Richard as a leader who opened the door of  opportunity for millions of Americans. I, too, will remember Richard in  the same vein. Today, Hawaii's working men and women share more of the  nation's wealth because of Richard's leadership at the AFL-CIO.   I will also remember Richard for his fight for social and racial  justice when in the early 1980s, he took a strong stand in solidarity  with Black mineworkers in South Africa. Richard chaired the U.S.  Boycott Committee, mobilized the support of other unions, and rallied  opposition to apartheid. He urged the AFL-CIO to support the boycott  against the Royal Dutch Shell, who, as he explained, was a critical  multinational corporation propping up the South African government.   At a 1988 rally in Chicago, Richard stated that ``true labor  solidarity cannot be limited by national boundaries or the color of a  person's skin. My opposition to apartheid comes not only from my  personal beliefs and values, but is also deeply rooted in the history  of my union.''   Richard was a true traditional union leader who fought for economic,  social, and racial justice for all. Richard stood for true solidarity.  Looking upon us from above, Richard just might be saying, ``Don't  mourn, Organize!'' Aloha oe, Richard. Mahalo for devoting your life to  uplifting the lives of all Americans and working people throughout the  world.   