 Mr. President, last night I had an interesting dinner.  Senator Chris Coons of Delaware and I joined two Republican Senators,  and we met for dinner with eight Ambassadors from Central and South  America. It was a rare occurrence which we  [[Page S4838]]  hadn't seen in the last year and a half, the kind of dialogue and  communication which I think is an important part of my job and an  important part of understanding the world today.   They had one consistent message. Despite the fact that they felt a  closeness to the United States that had been built up over decades of  generations, there was a new factor in Central and South America which  each one of them repeated as significant in the future of that region.  The new factor is the arrival of China.   In each one of these countries, large and small, China has become a  player, a force. They have invested their resources in developing an  economic relationship with these countries, have provided them with  COVID-19 vaccines when others would not, and were becoming larger and  larger factors in the future of the economies of these countries.   Senator Coons said at one point, and I certainly would agree with  him: We have to take this seriously in the United States. We can't  assume that long-term relationships and friendships will see us  through. We need to be actively engaged in strengthening and creating  alliances with these countries in our hemisphere.   He added--and I am glad he did--the United States has chosen, over  recent history, to literally spend trillions of dollars on military  efforts and those overseas commitments, which is money China wasn't  spending for the same purpose. China was spending trillions of dollars  to develop economic relationships, to loan money for infrastructure  projects in developing countries.   The United States was spending its money in other places, which takes  me directly to the statement that was made earlier by the Republican  Senate leader, Senator McConnell, about Afghanistan. You see, I was  here on the floor of the Senate when we voted to invade Afghanistan,  and I voted for it. We were told that al-Qaida was waiting there in  hiding for the next opportunity to strike America and that if we didn't  do our part to go after Osama bin Laden, there would be more American  innocent victims. Overwhelmingly, on a bipartisan vote, a unanimous  bipartisan vote, in the Senate Chamber, we voted to invade Afghanistan,  and I was one of those votes.   Let me quickly add that I was one of 23 who voted against the  invasion of Iraq. I didn't think the case had been made by the Bush  administration and still don't.   But going into Afghanistan was, with the exception of one Member of  the House, a unanimous bipartisan verdict at that moment in American  history. As we look back on it now, I don't think a single person who  voted for the invasion of Afghanistan would have ever guessed that we  were voting for the longest war in the history of the United States.  Yes, that is what it turned out to be--over 20 years in the war in  Afghanistan.   Well, decisions have been made to change that, and they were not made  by President Biden alone. They were first made by President Trump. If  you will remember correctly, he was negotiating with the Taliban for an  exit strategy, a timetable, to leave Afghanistan, and they were  reaching agreement on that fact. The Senator from Kentucky didn't dwell  on that fact, but it is an important one. The decision had been made by  the Republican administration to leave. Biden inherited it and accepted  it, and he has been going forward with that.   Keep in mind, we are not leaving without an effort. It is a supreme  effort for more than 2,000 Americans who lost their lives in that  effort in Afghanistan and more than $1 trillion--much more than $1  trillion--being spent in dedication to that effort over the years. So  after all that effort, it was clear this long-term war was going to be  longer still, and the Senator from Kentucky came to the floor today  with the plea that we should have continued that war in Afghanistan--to  what end and on what timetable, I have no idea.   But it is interesting when he mentions the fact that there were  Afghan citizens helping the United States who were not being treated  properly. You see, Senator Leahy, the Democratic chairman of the Senate  Appropriations Committee, has an emergency security supplemental bill,  which he is trying to move quickly. It has already passed the House. It  pays for the expenses of January 6 and the mob that invaded the Capitol  after being inspired by President Trump. But it does more than that. It  provides resources for those Afghans who did help us in that war to  protect them.    I would vote for that in a second, but that emergency supplemental  has been bogged down by the Republican side of the aisle. And then the  Republican leader comes and says we are not doing enough for the  refugees. I commend to him to read the Leahy supplemental  appropriations. Resources are there for those same refugees. And I  support that, he should support that and should instruct the Republican  leader on the Appropriations Committee to join in the effort.   