 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Florida, my good friend, Congresswoman Cammack, for bringing this great  idea to the House Chamber to honor those of us in our communities who  have done, frankly, more than Members of Congress actually have. The  sacrifices that they have made not only in our communities but  throughout their lives is really something to honor, it is something to  behold, and it is something to cherish. I am just grateful for this  opportunity to do this on the peoples' floor this evening.   The first hometown hero I wish to honor is Captain Wayne Ogden Smith.  Today, we pay tribute to one of Naples' hometown heroes. Mr. Smith was  a United States Air Force fighter pilot and a Vietnam prisoner of war.  Captain Smith was a prisoner of war at the Hanoi Hilton for 5 years,  alongside Senator Sam Johnson and Senator John McCain. However, he  would never call himself a hometown hero.   Wayne was a 1965 graduate of the United States Air Force Academy and  would fly 90 F-4 fighter combat missions over North Vietnam and Laos.  Captain Smith was shot down on January 18, 1968, at the age of 24. He  survived 5 years and 2 months and was repatriated on March 15, 1973.   Wayne's combat honors include two Silver Stars, the Legion of Merit,  two Distinguished Flying Crosses, two Bronze ``V'' Stars, seven Air  Medals, and the Purple Heart.   Now retired from the business world, Wayne Smith spends his time with  his wife helping veterans and active military around the country  through organizations like Wreaths Across America and Naples Spirit of  `45, a celebration honoring our World War II veterans and beyond.   Mr. Speaker, another hometown hero from my District is Allison  Dawson. Allison has proudly dedicated her life to educating our youth.  Allison's career in youth education spans over 30 years, almost 20 of  those in Lee County, Florida.   A single mom who raised three kids, she struggled to pay bills and  struggled to put food on the table. Despite these obstacles, Allison  remained committed  [[Page H716]]  to her passion and her life's work: teaching and helping low-income  students learn and grow to succeed.   During COVID-19, like thousands of teachers across our Nation, she  juggled virtual school and in-person instruction flawlessly, all to  ensure her students received the very best education. She is a prime  example of how hard all teachers across America work every single day.   I am honored to recognize Allison Dawson today as a teacher and as a  public servant. I thank Allison for her 30 years of service; her  commitment to serving others; and ensuring that every child, no matter  their race, gender and socioeconomic background, has access to a world- class education.   Mr. Speaker, my last hometown hero is Major Jose Martinez, BSN, RN.  Jose Martinez, BSN and RN, is the nursing director of adult and  pediatric emergency department at North Naples Hospital in southwest  Florida. He has been a nurse for 22 years, and 13 of them at NCH.    Major Jose Martinez has a 19-year military career. He has served 9  years with the Army National Guard and 10 years with the Air Force  Reserve.   Major Martinez is currently a flight nurse instructor and clinical  management flight commander in the 45th Aeromedical Evacuation Squadron  at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida. Major Martinez just returned from  a 6-month deployment at duty station Travis Air Force Base in  California. Major Martinez coordinated more than 50 Aeromedical  Evacuation Westpac/Cross Country Aeromedical missions with more than  400 aeromedical evacuation crew, critical care crew, and neonatal  critical care members serving more than 100 patients who represent our  U.S. military and their families.   He has dedicated his life to serving others and has saved countless  lives. I am honored to recognize Major Martinez today and his  sacrifices for our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, there are many heroes in all of our communities. These  are just three who happen to live in my congressional district, and it  is my honor to honor them this evening.   