 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, about 1 year ago today, Congress was in  the midst of a debate about the most effective way to respond to COVID- 19. On a call with his colleagues, the House majority whip, Mr.  Clyburn, reportedly laid out his vision about how his caucus in the  House should proceed. He said, it is reported: This is a tremendous  opportunity to restructure things to fit our vision.   For American families, this pandemic has been an unmistakable  tragedy, one characterized by lost lives and lost livelihoods, but,  apparently, for some, it is viewed as a tremendous opportunity.   The partisan $1.9 trillion bill that was signed into law last week is  proof that, apparently, the Democrats in Congress and in the White  House agree. After all, this legislation includes a long list of non- COVID-related priorities, again, completely unrelated to the crisis at  hand: blank checks for mismanaged union pension funds, funding for  climate justice, backdoor money for Planned Parenthood, an exclusive  paid leave program for government bureaucrats, and the list goes on and  on.   Before the bill was even signed into law, folks from the other side  of the aisle started advocating making many of the provisions  permanent. This is an emergency measure, supposedly, but folks  advocated making those temporary provisions permanent, further proof  that this is more than just a pandemic relief response; this is about,  in the words of Mr. Clyburn, restructuring government as we know it.   But it doesn't stop there. Now our Democratic colleagues in the House  and some in the Senate apparently want to hijack the State and Federal  election system, starting with making temporary pandemic election  responses permanent. Of course, our elections are run at the State and  local level. As a matter of fact, I recall, given the efforts of the  Russian intelligence services to interfere with our election in 2016,  one of the strengths of our system was its dispersed nature,  suggesting, in other words, that if it had been a single system, it  would have been much easier for our adversaries to interfere--and  particularly in the cyber realm.   But we know, as a result of the pandemic, States made provisional  changes to their 2020 election processes to make sure that people could  safely exercise their right to vote. In my State, we extended early  voting. We allowed voters to submit mail-in ballots in designated drop  boxes.   Several States, of course, expanded eligibility for mail-in voting.  Some, like California, took things even further and sent mail-in  ballots to every registered voter. At the time, these changes were  billed as temporary, given the unique and extraordinary nature of the  challenges presented by the pandemic, but as the House minority whip  has said, this pandemic, apparently, is viewed as a tremendous  opportunity to restructure the way we run and conduct elections.   House Democrats have passed legislation to make many of the temporary  changes in the 2020 elections permanent and add a list of other so- called reforms in order to federalize our State- and local-run  elections. This is in the face of article I of the Constitution that  explicitly gives the States the power to regulate the times, places,  and manner of holding elections.   Yet this 791-page document creates a one-size-fits-all mandate for  all States. It actually preempts State law, starting with mail-in  balloting. Any person in any State could request a mail-in ballot for  any reason. There is no need to say why you can't vote in person,  [[Page S1544]]  which is the current policy in most States.   Those ballots would not, under this bill, even have to be mailed in  by the voter or dropped in a State-sanctioned ballot box because this  legislation legalizes ballot harvesting, which means that mail-in  ballots could be collected by paid activists or campaign staffers or  anyone who has a stake in the outcome of the election   It goes so far as to specify that States may not put any limit on how  many voted and sealed absentee ballots any designated person can  return. It really sounds like an invitation to fraud, and you can see  how this could go badly pretty quickly. Maybe the ballot gets turned in  with thousands of others. Maybe it is altered. Maybe it ends up in the  trash. It is hard to say.   That gets to one of the root problems with this legislation is it  does create limitless opportunities for fraud. Every single ballot cast  illegally or due to fraud undercuts and neutralizes every legally cast  ballot.   One way this bill removes some of the most basic requirements of most  States' ballot integrity safeguards against election fraud is by  removing any requirement of identification. This was, we should recall,  one of the main recommendations of the bipartisan 2005 Commission on  Federal Election Reform, cochaired by former President Jimmy Carter and  former Secretary of State James Baker III. The Commission recommended  that voters should be required to present photo ID cards and that  States should provide free cards to voters who did not have a driver's  license.   In order to vote in person, most States require voters to produce  some valid form of identification. I know mine does. In Texas, there  are three options--actually, several options: a driver's license, a  passport, a military ID, a citizenship certificate, and other forms of  government-issued ID. If, for some reason, you can't obtain one of  these forms of ID, there is still a process in place to allow a person  to vote by presenting other documents, making sure that they identify  the person casting the ballot.   Matching the name of an eligible voter with the name on a valid form  of ID is a commonsense safeguard against fraud but one which this  legislation seeks to eliminate. If you go to a convenience store and  want to buy a six-pack of beer or if you want to buy cigarettes or you  want to get on an airplane, you have to present an ID card, but this  bill eliminates that requirement when it comes to the most sacred duty  and privilege that we have as citizens, and that is to vote.   This legislation stops States from requiring voters to provide proof  of identification. Just sign a piece of paper saying you are who you  are, and no one can ask any questions. On top of that, this bill would  require the States to automatically register anyone in their databases,  for everything from DMV to public assistance programs. Well, we know  these databases are not limited to registered voters or even eligible  voters. That could include people illegally present in the country  because some States allow a driver's license to be issued to  noncitizens who are not legally present in the country. These databases  include other noncitizens and others not eligible to vote, not to  mention the fact that those who are already registered to vote could be  registered again and again.   And even if there are duplicate registrations or if someone passes  away or moves, States would not be allowed to clean up the voter rolls  within 6 months of an election. Just when you think things can't get  any crazier, they do.   Our Democratic colleagues are proposing that the taxpayers fund their  elections. A lot of companies have a match program for charitable  giving. If an employee donates to a charity of their choice, then the  company will match that donation dollar for dollar. The same principle  applies except, instead of a charity getting the money, under this  proposed legislation, it is now a political candidate. Instead of a  company footing the bill, it is the taxpayers, and instead of an exact  match, it is up to $6 for every $1 donated. That means if someone  donates 200 bucks to their preferred candidate, Federal taxpayers will  wind up coughing up $1,200.    Well, I think there are a lot of better uses for government tax  dollars. They can go to support crime victims or support the response  to the humanitarian crisis at the border, which we are experiencing  right now. But, no, the proposal in this legislation is, let's use it  to elect them.   Then there are the campaign vouchers. This bill creates a new program  that provides eligible voters with a $25 voucher to donate to the  campaign of their choosing--again, more government, taxpayer-funded  election activities.   I could go on and on.   This legislation also alters the fundamental structure of the Federal  Election Commission to remove any need for bipartisanship or consensus  building. It undermines trust and accountability in elections. It  implements a new financial disclosure policy that even the American  Civil Liberties Union says ``could directly interfere with the ability  of many to engage in political speech about causes that they care  about.'' That is the ACLU.   Above all, this bill amounts to nothing more than a Federal hijacking  of State elections. I can promise you, folks in my State don't want  Speaker Pelosi or Majority Leader Schumer to determine how elections  are run in our State. They want accountable leaders in our State,  elected by and accountable to them, to determine the best way to  conduct free and fair elections.   Following the last two Presidential campaigns, the side that lost had  expressed concerns about election security. A partisan attempt to  overhaul our entire election system is hardly a confidence-building  exercise. This bill is not a serious attempt to improve security and  accountability in our elections; rather, it is a partisan power grab  that will do serious damage to our Republic.   I yield the floor.   