 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on Sunday, November 21, 2021, a Christmas  parade in Waukesha, WI, meant to usher in a season of peace on Earth,  good will toward men, turned into a nightmare. An 8-year-old child and  5 adults were murdered, 62 others were injured. Some of the injured,  including three children, remain in critical condition, their lives  forever altered.   Families with their children who came to see Santa Claus, high school  bands, the Dancing Grannies instead witnessed a horror that will leave  lifelong psychological scars. First responders and law enforcement who  rushed in to administer first aid and compassionately deal with the  tragedy will be burdened by their terrible memories for the rest of  their lives.   But as is so often the case, in the midst of an awful event caused by  the worst of humanity, the absolute best of humanity is fully revealed.  This is what we are witnessing in Waukesha. The healing process has  already begun. It began immediately as members of the community came  together to help the victims and survivors.   The very next evening, hundreds of people gathered at an interfaith  prayer vigil to pray for healing and strength. I had the privilege of  attending that vigil and speaking to members of the community, first  responders, and those who knew the victims. It was a moving experience  that I will never forget--sorrowful and yet hopeful.   From that experience, I have no doubt that the citizens of Waukesha  will recover from this tragedy, but it will take time and a great deal  of effort. It will also be the responsibility of civil society to  administer justice for this heinous act of evil because the victims and  the community of Waukesha deserve justice.   Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do to bring back the six  innocent lives who perished: Virginia Sorenson, Leanna Owen, Tamara  Durand, Jane Kulich, Wilhelm Hospel, and Jackson Sparks, who was only 8  years old.   We can pray for healing for those broken in both body and spirit and  also pray for those who helped them heal. We can also show our support  by offering a moment of silence here on the floor of the U.S. Senate,  which I will ask for following the remarks of my colleague from  Wisconsin whom I now yield to.    Mr. President, I now invite the Senate to observe a  moment of silence in memory of and to recognize those killed, injured,  and forever impacted by the attack on the Waukesha Christmas parade on  November 21, 2021.   (Moment of silence.)    Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   