 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are nearing the halfway point of the  117th Congress, and it is time to look back and see what our Democratic  colleagues now in the majority have accomplished.   Unfortunately, we have seen a lot of wasted valuable time and  ignoring of critical tasks and failing to meet some of the most basic  requirements of government. Our colleagues used the first few months of  the year to ram through a partisan $2 trillion spending bill, and then  they wasted the summer on the majority leader's designed-to-fail  agenda.   It wasn't about actually getting anything done. It was about  messaging. And then they threw it in cruise control this fall, refusing  to let the Senate vote on anything other than low-level nominees and,  again, those messaging bills.   Well, unsurprisingly, this partisan approach to governing--despite  the fact that we have an evenly divided Senate and perhaps an evenly  divided government, this partisan approach, unsurprisingly, did not  lead to any good results.   One of the biggest unforced errors in this tardiness so far has been  the national defense authorization bill. Now, I happen to believe that  providing for the common defense and supporting our men and women in  the military, keeping the American people safe, protecting our freedoms  is the most important work that we do here. And, indeed, that is  reflected by the fact that the National Defense Authorization Act has  been passed for 60 years, I believe it is--60 consecutive years.   Well, this is not a particularly controversial bill. In fact, it came  out of the Armed Services Committee with an impressive 23-to-3 vote.  You have to look long and hard to find any bill that passes the Senate  that enjoys as much bipartisan support.   For some unknown reason, though, the Democratic leader refused to  bring the Defense authorization bill to the floor. But then when he  finally did, after it had been sitting around waiting for action for  literally months, then he attached a controversial provision--a bill,  the so-called Endless Frontiers Act, which had not been processed by  the House, but in an attempt to force the House to take that bill.   Well, as it turned out, after broad bipartisan support for the  Defense authorization bill, he couldn't get the votes here in the  Senate to advance that bill, so he had to basically pull it down. Well,  when you try to add something as big as the Endless Frontiers bill that  did pass the Senate to a bipartisan Defense appropriations bill, that  created a lot of problems.   So you can't sit on a bill for months and then at the last moment try  to jam another bill onto it without at least giving people an  opportunity for a robust debate and amendment process. And, as we know,  during the time that I have been here, and I am sure during the time  that the Presiding Officer has been here, we have less and less of that  robust debate and less and less of actually offering and voting on  amendments on the Senate floor. It is very different from the time I  came here, when it was commonplace.   So I am disappointed that it has taken the leader this long to bring  the NDAA to the floor and that, so far, we have been thwarted in our  attempt to get this bipartisan bill done. I hear rumors that, in fact,  there may be a bill being preconferenced with the House. So my hope is  we will get a chance to vote on this bill in the coming days.   Of course, as I indicated, this legislation sends critical support to  our servicemembers and their families and ensures that our military  bases in Texas, Connecticut, and elsewhere have the funding they need  to support the missions they serve in around the world.   But it also provides the military the means to take stock in the  global threat landscape. Since 9/11, we have been very focused on the  terrorism threat. Unfortunately, at the same time, we have seen China  and Russia continue to assert themselves more aggressively around the  world. So now we are in the so-called ``great powers competition'' once  again, and it is critical that we have this tool known as deterrence  that only comes through strength.    Passing this bill and providing the resources and authorities needed  for our military are essential to providing that strength, which will  lead, hopefully, to deterrence and greater peace.   So the NDAA, as I said, is one of the most important assignments that  we have, and there is simply no excuse for leaving this in the cleanup  pile to be done between now and Christmas. But having said that, I hope  we do get it done.   As I said, there are other past-due assignments--something as basic  as funding the functions of the government through passing 12 separate  appropriations bills that go through a committee process and are open  to amendment in the committee.   Congress's deadline to pass the funding bills doesn't pop up out of  nowhere. It hits the same day every year. Back in September, when the  Senate should have passed a group of those appropriation bills to fund  the government for the next fiscal year, our colleagues on the other  side, led by the Democratic leader, kicked the can down the road for 2  months. Rather than use that time to play catch-up and pass those  annual appropriations bills, they simply lollygagged.   The funding deadline came last week, and what happened?   Well, there was another continuing resolution. They kicked the can  down the road yet once again.   This year, our colleagues have found the time to vote on partisan,  dead-on-arrival messaging bills, but they have yet to bring a single  appropriations bill to the floor for a vote. We will see if that  changes before February, when the current continuing resolution runs  out.   Then there is another assignment that our colleagues have ignored for  months, and that is the debt ceiling. While they are more than happy to  spend money like they did at the first part of this year--another $2  trillion--and add to the national debt and plan to spend at least  another--anywhere from probably close to $4.5 trillion additional more  money on the Build Back Better program--I know it has been advertised  as $1.7 trillion, but outside entities like the Wharton business school  at the University of Pennsylvania have said that if you ignore the  stops and starts that are set up in the bill as gimmicks that make it  scoreless and if you actually extend the bill for the full 10-year  budget window, it really is spending closer to $4.8 trillion.   We are trying to get the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint  Committee on Taxation to give us a realistic score. But if you see this  $2 trillion spent at the beginning of the year with another anticipated  potential up to 4.5, 4.8, $5 trillion, you can see why raising the debt  limit is so critical. The Treasury Secretary said that we will hit the  debt limit by December 15, just a week from tomorrow.   Again, this crisis did not just pop up out of nowhere. Since July,  the Republican leader has told our friends across the aisle that they  need to raise the debt ceiling on their own.   Some have asked: Why do we insist that Democrats raise the debt  ceiling on their own when ordinarily this is a bipartisan effort?   Well, part of this is just a necessary political accountability. If  our colleagues are going to spend trillions of dollars in borrowed  money and add to the debt ceiling, at some point there has to be some  transparency and electoral accountability.   I am told now that Senator Schumer and Senator McConnell have agreed  on a process that will allow our Democratic colleagues to fulfill their  responsibilities to raise the debt ceiling on their own and to suffer  the accountability that goes along with it.   All along there was a clear roadmap that could have avoided this  confusion if our colleagues had simply used the budget reconciliation  process. Debt ceilings are routinely raised using the reconciliation  process. There is no problem with the Byrd bath or any other concerns.  It is something that is written into the Budget Act of 1974 that they  could have done on their own earlier, but by delaying here to the last  minute, when Secretary Yellen says we are going to hit the debt ceiling  here by the 15th of December, they have created another crisis--again,  of their own making.    The reason our colleagues have essentially failed at the fundamentals  of governing over this last year is that they have been distracted by  their own  [[Page S8948]]  partisan ambitions. Again, you would think, after the election of  2020--when you have an evenly divided Senate wherein the Vice President  is the one who breaks ties and actually determines, because of that,  who is in the majority and who is in the minority--that it would  council up some bipartisan consensus-making when the Senate is split,  essentially, evenly.   Instead, we have seen one of the most aggressive, radical agendas  that we have seen since I have been in the Senate, and not  surprisingly, our Democratic colleagues have had trouble convincing  even Members of their own caucus to go along with it.   The Build Back Better program--or what I would call ``Build Back  Bankrupt''--is a bill that gives millionaires and billionaires massive  tax breaks. Strangely, from the party that claims to be representing  the working class and the middle class of the country, they want to  prioritize the tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires while  forcing middle-class families, who can't afford to buy expensive  electric cars, to subsidize these fancy cars driven by others who can  afford them.   Our colleagues say the spending spree will cost taxpayers about $2  trillion, which, of course, is hardly a bargain to begin with. I  remember when a billion dollars used to be a lot of money around here,  and now trillions of dollars are casually tossed around like it is an  insignificant--or not as serious--a matter as it is.   Yet we know the spending spree--as I said, the ``Build Back  Bankrupt'' or ``Build Back Broke,'' whatever you want to call it, or  ``Build Back Bad,'' and there are other names you can give it--could  cost as much as $5 trillion, as I said, which is more than 2\1/2\ times  what has been advertised.   We started at $6 trillion from the chairman of the Budget Committee,  Senator Sanders. Then it was paired down, supposedly, to $3.5 trillion,  and then to $1.75 trillion. The only way that was done was to propose a  piece of legislation that was chock-full of gimmicks and cliffs and  phony, false starts in programs that will, in all likelihood, be  continued should our Democratic colleagues stay in the majority or  achieve a true majority.   This multitrillion-dollar bill will drive up energy costs. We have  already seen inflation eating away at the income of working families.  When you go fill up your gas tank at the gas station or when you sit  down to Thanksgiving dinner, everything is more expensive now because  of inflation, making it even tougher for Texas families, among others,  to make ends meet.   Of course, then, there is the President's falsely representing the  cost of this piece of legislation--actually having the temerity to say  that this costs zero. I don't know what he takes the American people  for, but they are not stupid. They understand that, when somebody  stands up there and says we are going to do something that has been  scored to the trillions of dollars and that it is going to cost zero,  it really is an insult to their intelligence.   For the past several months, our colleagues have devoted almost all  of their energy to this ``Build Back Bankrupt'' plan and, of course, in  the process, have failed to meet any of the most basic responsibilities  of governing. Now that it is finals season and we are running out of  time before the Christmas holidays, they are trying to salvage their  poor performance of accomplishment this year.   Our colleagues are quick to point the finger and blame Republicans  for the Senate's failures, but Republicans aren't the ones setting the  schedule, and, frankly, the message being sent from the Democratic side  of the aisle is: We don't want to work with Republicans; we want to do  this all by ourselves.   If they get the votes, they can, but they are having some  difficulties now--particularly on the ``Build Back Broke'' plan--of  even getting Democrats to vote for it. I, actually, think our  colleagues from West Virginia and Arizona are doing some of their  Democratic colleagues a favor because, I dare say, there are other  Members of the Democratic caucus who are going to be on the ballot in  2022, who would prefer not to vote on some of these very controversial  provisions.   Our colleagues, though, do control the Senate, the House, and the  White House, and every aspect of the legislative process is under their  control. So they bear responsibility for the delay in the Defense  authorization bill; they bear responsibility for not passing regular  appropriations; and they bear responsibility for the concerns that have  been expressed by reaching the debt limit, as Secretary Yellen has  said, and then, finally, by trying to pass through the House this  reckless tax-and-spending spree bill--Build Back Better, ``Build Back  Broke,'' ``Build Back Bankrupt''--by focusing so much on these pieces  of legislation that will, in my estimation, never pass or certainly not  in their current forms.   In ignoring their other basic responsibilities of governing, they are  the ones who, ultimately, will get this report card for their  performance during the first year of their majority.   So, in being presented with this reality of an evenly split Congress,  our colleagues can make a choice as to whether to try to work together  and build consensus and do things that can actually pass or to continue  down this pathway of purely partisan attempts to legislate. The choice  is theirs.   I yield the floor.   