 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman letting me  stand in today for the majority leader.   Next week, on Tuesday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning- hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes expected no  earlier than 6:30 p.m.   On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for  morning-hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business,  with last votes no later than 3 p.m.   We will consider several bills under suspension of the rules. The  complete  [[Page H2911]]  list of suspension bills will be announced by the close of business  tomorrow.   In addition, we will consider:   H.R. 2062, the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act,  which would make it easier for those who have suffered age  discrimination in the workplace to file a complaint and seek redress;   H.R. 1443, the LGBTQ Business Equal Credit Enforcement and Investment  Act, which would ensure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  keep statistics on credit reporting for LGBTQ-owned businesses in the  same way as it does for women- and minority-owned companies and small  businesses; and   H.R. 239, Equal Access to Contraception for Veterans Act, which would  allow women receiving healthcare services from the VA system to access  basic contraceptive care without paying copays similar to coverage  provided under the Affordable Care Act.   We will consider three resolutions of disapproval to reverse  regulatory actions made under the prior administration, which have all  been passed by the Senate:   S.J. Res. 13 would reverse the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission's rule that had obscured information about the factual and  legal basis the Commission used to make determinations on  discriminatory practices;   S.J. Res. 14 would overturn the prior administration's Environmental  Protection Agency rule that removed protections from dangerous methane  emissions that exacerbate the climate crisis; and   S.J. Res. 15 would overturn a rule by the Office of the Comptroller  of the Currency and allow States once again to regulate these lenders  and protect consumers in order to rein in predatory lenders and rent-a- bank schemes.    You and I have been having this discussion for quite a  while with our select subcommittee activities. I have not seen the  legislation that you make reference to, but I am sure that the majority  leader has. And, like you, I am looking forward to his speedy recovery  so he can get back into this spot. I am a little more familiar with  sparring with you in our select subcommittee than on this floor.   But having said that, I think you are aware that the Biden  administration has already directed the United States intelligence  community to examine this issue, calling on the intelligence community  to redouble their efforts to report their findings by August 24 and to  keep Congress fully apprised of their work.   We have confidence in their ability to conduct a robust evidence- based inquiry into the origin of the coronavirus and will not allow  House Republicans to irresponsibly hijack this issue for partisan  purposes. We want to see this thing happen, and you and I have had this  discussion. And because they have got until August 24--that is, what, 3  months from now, or less--I think we will be in a good place to let the  Intelligence Committee do its work.    Madam Speaker, I want to assure the gentleman that I am  as anxious to know exactly what happened as he is. And the American  people want to know exactly what happened. The fact of the matter is,  though, we have several committees that are investigating, including  the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology have indicated  that they intend to look into the matter.   Now, like you, I am from the South, and you can get too many cooks in  the kitchen. And I am fully aware that to have a plethora of committees  stumbling over each other trying to get to the bottom of this will  serve no useful purpose.   So I want to see things done here as close to regular order as we  possibly can have them done, and to let the committees of jurisdiction  conduct their investigation, this administration working through its  intelligence department doing the investigations, and I am sure they  will come up with the kind of information that would do us as citizens  and as Members of this great body justice.     Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The Committee on Appropriations has announced that it will start its  process next week with four subcommittee markups. Over the next 2  weeks, and then the week of July 12, the committee will complete  subcommittee and full committee markups on all 12 of the annual  appropriations bills.   We plan to consider the bills on the floor the final 2 weeks of July,  when we are in session. That will be the week of July 19 and July 26.   Now, I suspect that we will be close to what the gentleman just  indicated he would like to see with the schedule. I am certain that the  Committee on Appropriations will do everything it possibly can to keep  that schedule so that we will complete all of our work before the  August break.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I think  the gentleman is aware that I am very anxious about doing things in a  bipartisan way when that can be achieved.   Now, the majority leader has announced that during the week of June  28, the House will take up the INVEST in America Act, a 5-year surface  transportation reauthorization bill that was approved by the Committee  on Transportation and Infrastructure by a bipartisan vote.   I think the gentleman is aware of the pretty long session, all-night  session, that both parties in that committee undertook. I think that  they have produced a product that will make these key investments in  smart, safe, sustainable, and resilient transportation infrastructure  that is needed by the American people to move goods and services  throughout our country efficiently, effectively, and equitably. I could  not go through this colloquy with the gentleman and not invoke those  three words that he is so familiar with.   Now, at the same time, we must remember that our Nation's  infrastructure is comprised of far more than roads and bridges. I often  talk about the advent of the internet. I could remember when it first  came on the scene, everybody referred to the internet as the  ``information superhighway.'' I have always advocated that it is time  for us to start treating the information highway the same way we treat  the interstate highways.   So, I agree with the gentleman that we should move with an  infrastructure bill, but I want him to know that I think it is  important that the Accessible, Affordable Internet for All Act is a  part of that.   I know this debate has been going on as to whether or not we ought to  move on a bipartisan bill that focuses on traditional infrastructure.  For anything to be traditional, it has to be in our past, but I think  it is time for us to be looking to the future when we talk about  infrastructure and to have an infrastructure bill come through this  body that focuses on the future of healthcare, which cannot be  efficient, effective, or equitable without broadband.  [[Page H2913]]    Online learning is a must for our children. We know COVID-19,  according to all the experts, may not be the last time that we are  faced with such a pandemic. There are some predicting that there could  come another, maybe not in my lifetime but maybe in yours. We must be  prepared.   So, I am hopeful that this infrastructure bill that we move through  this body will not just be traditional but will be looking to the  future so we can have the kind of legislation that will prepare our  children and grandchildren for a world that we hope they will be  competitive in.     Mr. Speaker, I don't have anything else. I thank the  gentleman for allowing me to stand in here today.   I say to him that I would hope that as we go forward with this  discussion, we will look at this whole issue as the title of the bill  indicates: Invest in America. When we make investments, financial  investments, the money may leave our coffers, but it comes back  sometimes tenfold.   So there is a big difference between raising taxes and making  investments.   