 Mr. Speaker, I thank my very good friend from Pennsylvania  for yielding.   I rise today in opposition to the rule, Mr. Speaker. I have two  matters I wish to discuss today.   First, I want to speak to the Republican motion to recommit on H.R.  4502, on which the House will be voting in the coming days. While I  have many concerns with the bills reported out of the Appropriations  Committee, none is more alarming than the systematic removal of  longstanding provisions to protect the lives of unborn children and  preserve the conscience rights of American taxpayers. This has been  done in bill after bill after bill.   If my motion to recommit passes, Republicans will restore essential  pro-life protections that have been stripped from these bills.   We will restore the Hyde amendment, which prohibits Federal tax  dollars  [[Page H4099]]  from funding abortions on demand and has been included in  appropriations bills for every year for the past 45 years.   We will restore the Weldon amendment, which protects American  doctors, nurses, and other healthcare professionals from participating  in or providing an abortion if they have a moral objection to that  procedure.   We will restore the Dornan amendment, which prevents District of  Columbia resident taxpayer moneys from being used for abortions on  demand.   We will restore the Smith amendment, which prevents the Federal  Employee Health Benefit Plan from subsidizing abortions on demand for  Federal workers.   We will restore the Helms amendment, which prevents American  taxpayers from financing abortions to foreign organizations or  countries.   Regardless of one's personal views, lawmakers and Presidents of both  parties have always agreed that Americans should not be forced to pay  for abortions on demand with their hard-earned tax dollars.   It is not too late for Democrats to change course, abandon their  radical, far-left policies, and restore these important protections  before a final vote on this measure. Every Democrat who is not a  freshman has voted to support this language and these amendments on  this floor, and we know they must again if any of these appropriations  bills are ever to become law.   All Republicans in the House stand united with the American people on  this issue, and none will support appropriations bills that do not  include these important pro-life protections.   We urge Democrats to accept the motion to recommit, restore these  bipartisan compromises, and allow appropriations bills to move forward  toward a final negotiation in good faith. Ultimately, failure to do so  will result in either a continuing resolution or, even worse, a  government shutdown later this year. Neither outcome should ever be  acceptable to any Member on this floor.   Let me now turn, Mr. Speaker, if I may, to an issue that is more  parochial but where the outlook is more promising. That is the Federal  response to the so-called McGirt decision by the United States Supreme  Court.   Many Members will not be aware of this, but last year, the Supreme  Court decided that much of Oklahoma, for the purposes of criminal  prosecution, remains Indian Country.   In Indian Country, only the Federal Government and Tribal law  enforcement officials can prosecute Indians who commit crimes, again,  on Indian reservations. That, obviously, in the State of Oklahoma, will  now call for enormously robust Federal law enforcement and Tribal law  enforcement capabilities.   I am happy to report that in one of the measures that we face today,  that reality has been taken into account. Frankly, our friends, the  Biden administration, asked for an additional $70 million for the  Department of Justice to finance additional U.S. attorneys, additional  Federal marshals, and additional FBI for Oklahoma to respond to the  McGirt decision.   Sadly, our friends did not request similar funds for Tribal law  enforcement officials, and none of the bills in front of us actually  deal with that issue.   Last night, we placed an amendment dealing with this before this  House. It was part of an en bloc amendment. I actually believe if it  had come on its own, it would have passed. But it failed.   However, the appropriations process is a long process, and I think  negotiations in good faith with the full committee will eventually  result in additional Federal dollars for law enforcement.   Regardless, that Supreme Court decision, the McGirt decision, means  the Federal Government and Tribal law enforcement officials must do  more in this area. Again, one of the bills in front of us helps with  regard to the Federal Government. I am hopeful, in the final  negotiations, we can do more on McGirt.   My last point, Mr. Speaker, is simply to say we need to look at all  of these bills collectively. Just as a piece of friendly advice to my  friends, if we are going to get to a deal, three things absolutely have  to happen.    The first is, the amount of money we spend on defense simply must go  up. There is not enough money in the bills passed out of the  Appropriations Committee to adequately fund our defense in a dangerous  world.   Second, the outrageous domestic explosion of spending must come down.  We simply, as my friend from Pennsylvania pointed out, can't afford a  spending spree.   Finally, and most importantly, and my friends need to realize this  politically, for any of these bills to pass the United States Senate  and ultimately become law, all the pro-life provisions that they have  systematically stripped out of these bills have to be restored.  Otherwise, my friends will get Donald Trump's last negotiated budget  for the second year of the Biden administration. I don't think that is  what they want, but that is exactly where we are headed unless they  change course and work with us to preserve these longstanding, pro-life  protections that have been in these bills for, in many cases, decades.   