 Mr. Speaker, well, they may be calling on the Vice  President, but based on his letter, he is not answering.   Everybody in this country knows that they wanted to impeach President  Trump on his first day in office. And it looks like they are going to  want to impeach him on his last day too. But all he did in the middle  was rescue our economy, rebuild our military, reform the VA, and reduce  America's involvement in foreign wars.   Now, I join the bipartisan caucus condemning the violence that we saw  at our Capitol, but the hypocrisy is just downright disorienting.   President Trump called for protests that would be peaceful and  patriotic. He got labeled a national security threat. Yet the  gentlewoman from California can call on her supporters to get physical  and in the faces of Republicans, and she gets the chairmanship of the  Financial Services Committee.   Republican Members of Congress utilized a process contemplated in the  Constitution to offer an objection, and we were labeled seditionists.   Democrat Members of Congress raised funds for groups attacking our  police, burning our cities, destroying our businesses, establishing  autonomous zones, and they were celebrated as justice warriors.   Wednesday, they called for unity, democracy, and healing. Now, just  days later, seeking power and political advantage, the Democrats have  reverted to the mean. They have gone back to their natural state: the  party of impeachment, removal, and division.   They are about to have unified control of the government. Maybe they  would use this time to preview an agenda for the American people.   The last two times the 25th Amendment was invoked, it was to  facilitate a colonoscopy. Now they are using it to facilitate a  transition to Joe Biden. How weird. Why?   I would call it virtue signaling, but there is no virtue in it. This  removal effort isn't for America. It is for them for their ability to  showcase and wield power, and we see the power of cancellation and  removal on full display in America today. Forbes Magazine has called  for White House officials to be shamed and unemployable.   ABC News has called for the cleansing of the Trump movement. I don't  know what that means, but talking about cleansing our fellow human  beings sure is scary. Big Tech has driven consumers and conservatives  off of  [[Page H141]]  monopolistic platforms, and when we created our own platform, Parler,  it was nuked from the internet altogether.   The gentlewoman from New York was booted from a Harvard advisory  board because she took an adverse position on electors that had been  taken by every single member of the Congressional Black Caucus in 2001.   Cancellations for some, celebrations for others for doing the exact  same thing.   The President of the United States can't tweet or post on Facebook,  but we know from Project Veritas that the principal counsel for PBS can  call for the government to steal children from Republicans and throw  Molotov cocktails at the White House. We should allow America to heal  before America is lost, but that is not what is happening today.    Mr. Speaker, the purpose of the resolution today, they  want to show you that they can still tear things down. I guess, over  the next 2 years, we will see if they are capable of building anything  or anyone up.   This is a deeply unpopular impeachment. The public wishes we were  here dealing with coronavirus, not the virus of Trump hatred that you  seem to have found no vaccine for.   