 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to call on my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to join Senator Portman and myself--and Senator  Portman will come in later and express his desire for this also--in  taking action to permanently schedule fentanyl and deadly fentanyl  analogs.   Fentanyl is 100 times more potent than morphine, 50 times more potent  than heroin, and according to the DEA, 2 milligrams--just 2  milligrams--of fentanyl can cause a lethal overdose.   In February 2018, the Drug Enforcement Administration issued a  temporary scheduling order to schedule fentanyl-related substances,  which has allowed Federal law enforcement authorities to bring criminal  actions against individuals who manufacture, distribute, or handle  fentanyl-related substances.   A year ago, this body extended the scheduling order through May 6,  2021, via unanimous consent. The House extended it by a vote of 320 to  88. This should not be controversial at all.   In 2019, 36,359 people died because of fentanyl. That is 51 percent  of all overdose deaths that year--51 percent. Over half of the people  who were killed by overdose were by fentanyl. We know 2020 was a record  year in drug overdoses, mainly driven by fentanyl-related substances  and the COVID-19 pandemic. We can safely assume that there were at  least 44,000 deaths last year--think about that--44,000 deaths related  to fentanyl last year. In total, that is over 80,000 people who have  died because of fentanyl in just the last 2 years. It is heartbreaking  to lose so many Americans to preventable overdoses.   The time to permanently schedule this deadly substance is now. That  is why Senator Portman and I reintroduced the bipartisan FIGHT Fentanyl  Act to permanently schedule fentanyl and fentanyl analogs. I am saying  permanently schedule fentanyl and fentanyl analogs.   The FIGHT Fentanyl Act is a proactive overdose prevention bill. It  stops the creation of these drugs and removes incentives for people to  bring these deadly chemicals into our country, reducing the harm to our  fellow Americans.   We know that fentanyl is deadly. It is killing Americans at record  rates. West Virginia, my home State, has the highest overdose rates per  capita in the Nation, and every West Virginian is familiar with the  horrible impacts of the  [[Page S2113]]  drug epidemic on our family, friends, neighbors, and our entire  economy.   I recognize there are concerns about mandatory minimums that do more  harm than good. But permanently scheduling fentanyl and fentanyl  analogs is not about locking people up; it is about keeping our fellow  Americans alive.   Don't take my word for it. We asked the GAO to study it--the General  Accounting Office to study it. In the last 3 years since the  rescheduling was put in place, the GAO found only eight prosecutions  occurred related to fentanyl analogs, four of which were associated  with drug cartels. If that is not enough, our bill also explicitly  prohibits new mandatory minimums associated with fentanyl analogs.   Here are the facts: 80,000 deaths compared to 8 prosecutions--80,000  deaths compared to 8 prosecutions.   Here is another fact: We simply don't have the support in Congress  today to pass the FIGHT Fentanyl Act right now. It is hard to believe.  We must pass another short-term extension this week to ensure the  essential temporary protection does not lapse. I hope my colleagues  will at least support that effort.   I also urge my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to join Senator  Portman and me in this effort to permanently reschedule this deadly,  deadly drug. We cannot afford to keep kicking the can down the road as  we have for far too long.   Thank you, Madam President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   