 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of  our former colleague, Congressman Jerry Lewis. Throughout his career,  Mr. Lewis was respected for his hard work, his in-depth policy  knowledge, his commitment to his constituents and to his home state, as  well as to his colleagues and the institution of the House of  Representatives.   Mr. Lewis was best known for his commitment to the active work of the  Appropriations Committee, where he served as Chairman--and he was  equally well known for his friendship on both sides of the aisle in his  role as the Dean of the California Delegation.   He played a leading role as Chairman of the VA, HUD and Independent  Agencies Subcommittee--supporting research, development and scientific  endeavors including the space and aerospace sectors that for so long  were major hubs of economic activity and cutting-edge technology in our  home state.   Mr. Lewis was a believer in investment in education and in research  institutions like the University of California system and in resources  like the San Bernardino National Forest, which is located in one of the  beautiful and distinctive snow-capped mountain ranges that backdrop the  unique and well-known Los Angeles basin landscape.   A longtime resident of the San Bernardino area, including San  Bernardino and Redlands, cities at the center of his congressional  district in the diverse and vast Inland Empire, he was the product of  public schools, graduating from San Bernardino High School and later  UCLA. After college he served briefly on the staff of former  Congressman Jerry Pettis, as a member of his local school board, and  later operated a small business.   From 1969 to 1978 like many in this body, he served in Sacramento as  a member of the state legislature where he helped establish a committee  dedicated to addressing air quality, a major concern in Inland Southern  California in the 1970's.   In 1978 he was elected to this body, serving as Chairman of the House  Republican Conference in the late 1980's, before ascending to  leadership positions on the Appropriations Committee.   I am honored to have known him as a mentor, as a fellow legislator  and as a friend. I am grateful for his contributions and leadership in  our delegation, for his unending belief in cooperation between parties  and branches of government, and his faith in the leadership role of  America in the world.   Mr. Lewis gave much of his life to serving our state, working to  improve our nation, and to serving with distinction his hometown and  home district--his legacy is an inspiration to all of us who have  followed in his footsteps and proudly serve the state he loved, in the  institution he revered.   