 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I was born and raised on the Olympic Peninsula of  Washington State, and I know firsthand how special our region is and  how our public lands contribute to the fabric of who we are.   In our region, we understand that protecting our public lands isn't  just about saving these unforgettable places for future generations. It  also means protecting high-quality jobs for the next generation as  well.   That is important to me, as someone who grew up on the peninsula and  as someone who worked in economic development professionally for over a  decade.   I have seen how our natural resources contribute to our economic  vitality. Each year, millions of people and families travel to our  State and contribute roughly $22 billion in economic impact and support  200,000 jobs in Washington's outdoor economy.   Our national treasures have helped create opportunities for local  entrepreneurs who started restaurants, guided tour companies, hotels,  and B&Bs, and other small businesses. That is why it makes sense to  protect these special places, and that is why I am proud that the House  is considering this comprehensive package, including a bill I  introduced called the Wild Olympics Wilderness and Wild and Scenic  Rivers Act.   That bill protects some of our most environmentally sensitive areas  by establishing a new wilderness area to protect the last remaining  old-growth stands on the peninsula and designating 19 rivers and  tributaries as wild and scenic rivers to protect critical salmon  spawning habitats.   This proposal has evolved through extensive public engagement with  Tribes, conservation groups, timber communities, business leaders,  shellfish growers, and everybody in-between, to create a bill that  works for our local communities.   It is because of that outreach that this bill is now formally  supported by more than 800 community leaders, Republicans and  Democrats, businessowners, sportsmen, mayors, county commissioners, and  Tribal leaders, all of whom agree this proposal moves our region in the  right direction.   In addition to protecting recreational access and supporting our  outdoor economy, the bill bolsters our region's efforts to protect  sources of clean drinking water, supporting critical salmon and  steelhead habitats, and protecting key waterways that are vital to our  shellfish industry.   But just as important are all the things this bill will not do. This  proposal will not close, decommission, or otherwise restrict access to  any Forest Service roads or trailheads. It will not impact any  harvestable timber base in the Olympic National Forest. I am doing a  whole bunch of other work to increase the harvest through other  avenues.   This bill will not affect any private property rights. It will not  impact how the Washington Department of Natural Resources manages  State-owned lands, which is why it has gained support of the Washington  commissioner of public lands.   We know that our region's future depends on building a strong and  diversified economy, and after years of collaboration, I think this  bill we are considering today represents a clear win-win for the  communities I represent.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the senior Senator from Washington,  Senator Murray, for her partnership in this effort. I want to thank the  lead sponsor and the Natural Resources Committee. I encourage my  colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation.   