 Mr. President, I join tonight in the celebration of a  significant next step in the passage of a $550 billion, over 5-year  infrastructure package, with roads and bridges, highways, sewer  systems, broadband, flood mitigation, and coastal resiliency.   If our responsibility as Senators is to listen to the American  people, this bill is a product of hearing their voices. It is a  bipartisan package, which does not increase taxes but does meet the  needs that we have heard of.   Now, first, let me join others. Senators Portman and Sinema, they  just did a fantastic job of leading this effort. Our colleagues, both  those here who are speaking but those who are the chairs and ranking  members of other committees have really guided us tremendously and  produced a great work.   I would also like to acknowledge our House colleagues: Brian  Fitzpatrick, Josh Gottheimer, the Problem Solvers Caucus, who on their  side of the Chamber have also seen fit to already endorse our effort.  And when they did, it was certainly a strong wind of encouragement for  us.   But most of all, I thank the American people. The Constitution gives  Congress the responsibility for infrastructure. Our duty gives us the  responsibility to listen. If you listen to the American people right  now, they are concerned about jobs, the economy, safety, and quality of  life.   With this bill, we give voice to their concerns. For example, as  regards safety, there is $110 billion for better highways, bridges, and  roads. Along the way, by the way, you create quite a number of jobs.   My State--every State--has been affected by flooding. There is $3.5  billion for flood mitigation; $500 million to make storm drains bigger,  so that if there is a tremendous rain event, systems are better able to  hand this.   There is money for sewer systems, money for broadband. Many places in  my State do not have high-speed internet. This addresses it in my State  and every other.   Quality of life. There are people in my State who, on a Sunday  morning, you could drive in 15 minutes to where they are going to work,  and on a workday, it takes them an hour and a half. That is 3 hours a  day that they are away from their family, 3 hours a day that they are  not doing something productive, 3 hours a day of their life which is  wasted--times the number of days they work in a year. This will improve  their quality of life.   And, by the way, did I mention that it will create a lot of jobs  along the way?   So whether it is to benefit the economy, to create better paying  jobs, to make people safer, to improve the quality of life, I feel as  if we have done it.   Will Rogers said that elected officials are nothing but the hired  help. I agree with that. We were sent here to do a job. This  legislation shows that Congress can still work, can still do its job  for the American people.   With that, I yield to my colleague from Utah.   