 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  rise in strong support of the budget resolution for fiscal year 2021.   It has been said that a budget isn't just a series of numbers on a  sheet of paper, it is a statement of your values. Well, if that is  true, then this budget is a bold statement of our values as Democrats.  This budget paves the way for a landmark COVID-19 rescue plan. It  delivers a simple message to the American people: Help is on the way.   Mr. Speaker, since the start of this pandemic, tens of millions of  Americans have been infected. Nearly half a million have died, with  almost a quarter of all deaths happening in the last month alone.  Millions of Americans can't find work. It is getting harder and harder  to pay for food and housing. Schools are closed. Kids are being left  behind. The American people can't afford any more delays or half  measures.   This is a time for bold action. That is why we have to pass this  budget resolution and pave the way for President Biden's American  Rescue Plan, an aggressive proposal that tackles our public health and  economic emergencies.   The President's American Rescue Plan meets the crisis before us. It  includes nearly $2 trillion for a new round of survival checks; a  national vaccination program; the resources cities and towns need to  safely reopen schools; direct housing and food assistance; expanding  access to healthcare and safe and reliable childcare; extended and  enhanced unemployment insurance; paychecks for the first responders,  public health workers and teachers who are still on the front lines of  this crisis; and critical support for the hardest-hit small businesses.   During this historic crisis, the American people deserve to know that  help is on the way. This resolution does just that. We all know from  listening to our constituents how much suffering is happening in this  country, and that we need a response that responds to the gravity of  the economic healthcare crisis that this pandemic has created. This  resolution does it. Join us in this effort. Respond to the cries of the  American people.   