 Madam Speaker, when the gentleman says  perspective, the part I would like to highlight is that it is about  balance. I am going to speak to that in a little bit, but before my  comments get drowned out in some of the prepared statements, making  sure there is balance benefits all, and it is something that I am  really passionate about and Utahns are passionate about.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to call on the Biden administration to  reverse its unilateral orders, including Executive Order 14008 pausing  new oil and gas leases on Federal land; Secretarial Order 3395  suspending mineral leasing and permits; and Executive Order 13990  revoking the Keystone XL pipeline permit.   Utah, as the gentleman mentioned, has the second highest percentage  of federally owned land at about 65 percent. Approximately 10,000  Utahns rely on the oil and gas industry for their employment and  livelihoods. These orders will result in Utah families losing their  jobs and will reduce crucial funding for conservation programs that  protect the natural wonders of my home State and our great country.   They will make our country more reliant on imported energy from other  countries with lower environmental standards than our own and weaken  our national security foothold. Restricting extraction has real costs  for our schools, our first responders, and public services. The  Keystone pipeline's MOU with North America's Building Trades Unions  will provide $10 million in renewable energy job training for union  workers and invests a total of $1.7 billion in renewable energy  infrastructure, proving that a productive balance of development and  conservation can be achieved.   Rushed executive actions do not allow for collaboration with the  people who are directly impacted by these decisions. Utahns will feel  the negative effects of these orders.   I encourage the administration to reverse these actions and work with  a bipartisan group of legislators on solutions that both protect and  develop our cherished lands. I ran on a sincere desire to work with the  administration to promote productivity over partisanship, and I stand  by that commitment today.   