 Madam Speaker, the rule before us today provides  for consideration of H.R. 6, a bill creating a pathway to citizenship  for millions of people who entered this country illegally, while it  does nothing to enforce our immigration laws or secure our borders.   You heard that right. This bill does nothing to enforce our  immigration laws. It does nothing to secure our borders. And it does so  as a record number of illegal immigrants pour across our Southern  border. And yet, House Democrats are passing a bill that will further  incentivize illegal immigration and will worsen the Biden border  crisis.   The numbers speak for themselves. Over 100,000 migrants were  encountered at our Southern border just last month. The CBP facility in  Donna, Texas, was at 729 percent capacity last week. Let me repeat  that. That facility was at 729 percent capacity.   And, alarmingly, CBP confirmed that four people were arrested at the  border, three of whom were from Yemen, one of whom was from Serbia, and  those individuals matched the names on the FBI's Terrorist Screening  Database.   So despite my liberal progressive colleagues' claims to the contrary,  this surge is directly the result of the Biden administration's  decision to halt the border wall construction, to reimplement Obama-era  catch-and-release policies, and to cancel President Trump's asylum  agreements.   This Chamber should work to address the border crisis going on,  Biden's border crisis. We should not pass legislation that encourages  and rewards illegal immigration and further incentivizes this crisis,  yet that is what H.R. 6, in fact, does. This bill places the interest  of those who broke our laws above the interests of those who followed  them.   It has no enforcement provisions. It includes loopholes to give green  cards to gang members and criminals. It even puts U.S. taxpayers on the  hook for grant programs to help illegal immigrants obtain green cards.   Again, H.R. 6 would do absolutely nothing to address President  Biden's border security and humanitarian crisis at the Southern border.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the rule and  vote ``no'' on H.R. 6.   