 Mr. Speaker, China is a global thief. We  all know it. They steal American intellectual property. They steal  American jobs using currency manipulation, illegal subsidies, and  product dumping to kill American competition. And worst of all, they  produce products with slave labor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1155, the Uyghur Forced  Labor Prevention Act. H.R. 1155's central provision establishes a  rebuttable presumption that all goods made in China's Xinjiang Uyghur  Autonomous Region are produced with forced labor.   Since 2017, China has arbitrarily detained and persecuted over 1  million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in extrajudicial, mass re- education camps in Xinjiang. We know that China is seeking to profit  from the oppression by subsidizing companies to build factories near  these mass internment sites.   H.R. 1155 leverages the power of our enormous market to send China a  message that it cannot use its policies of repression to subsidize its  exports. We must work with our allies to ensure that all global markets  are closed to the products of Chinese theft and repression.   A core and essential provision of this bill is a rebuttable  presumption that leads to an import prohibition. In 2016, the Ways and  Means Committee led the way on a bipartisan basis in eliminating the  consumptive demand loophole from the outright ban on products made with  forced labor in Section 307 of the 1930 Tariff Act.   A few years later, we have worked with our USMCA partners to extend  the U.S. ban on products produced with forced labor throughout North  America. We are now leading the world in combating forced labor in  Xinjiang.    For that reason, we wish that our  Democratic colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee had worked with  us to update the bill from the version that passed 14 months ago to  ensure that it establishes the most effective mechanism for blocking  imports from Xinjiang, while providing much-needed clarity to  facilitate trade by good actors.   Just as importantly, we know that China has anticipated this ban by  expanding this practice beyond Xinjiang. We need to work closely with  our colleagues in the Senate to ensure that the version of the bill  that becomes law can better assist importers to identify and  proactively eradicate goods produced with forced labor from their  supply chains, whether they arise in Xinjiang or in other locations.   This bill is just the beginning, but it sends a strong signal to  China that it cannot launder its policies of persecution and repression  in a global market.   