 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to say thank you and  farewell to a member of the Commerce Committee staff who is leaving the  Senate soon. Commander Andrew L. Pate--Andy, as we know him--is  completing his 2-year assignment as senior policy adviser and Coast  Guard congressional fellow on the Senate Committee on Commerce,  Science, and Transportation.   For those who are not aware, the Coast Guard's congressional fellows  program is a highly competitive program that assigns Coast Guard  officers to congressional offices and committees as detailees. This  elite program brings the Coast Guard's ``cream of the crop'' to  Washington. These officers uphold the Coast Guard's core values of  honor, respect, and devotion to duty. These special assignments serve  to educate Coast Guard officers on the inner workings of Congress. The  Coast Guard benefits from this program by bringing its unique  perspective to the process of drafting and passing legislation, as well  as gaining leaders within its own ranks who deeply understand the  legislative process. And, of course, the Congress gains immensely from  the obvious leadership and intelligence and work ethic of these great  men and women.   Andy Pate was an obvious choice for this fellowship--not once but  twice. In July of 2008, not long after I arrived in the Senate, then- Lieutenant Pate joined my office to serve as my first Coast Guard  fellow, where he set a high bar for those who would come after him.   Following his departure, Andy completed tours as a commanding officer  of Coast Guard cutters around the world. His operational assignments  have focused on search and rescue, counternarcotics, migrant  interdiction, homeland security, defense operations, and living marine  resource protection programs spanning the North Atlantic, the Equator,  Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Arabian Gulf.   Andy also served as strategic analyst in the Commandant's Advisory  Group at Coast Guard headquarters and as a transition team member for  the 25th Commandant of the Coast Guard. He went on to become the Coast  Guard's international security fellow at the Center for Strategic and  International Studies.   Since rejoining my team in 2019, Andy has had a significant impact on  the Commerce Committee. His expertise as a cutterman and senior officer  has meaningfully informed the committee's efforts, culminating in the  enactment of the Elijah E. Cummings Coast Guard Authorization Act--the  service's 2-year comprehensive reauthorization.   Additionally, Commander Pate championed a key Coast Guard provision  in the Johnny Isakson and David P. Roe, M.D. Veterans Health Care and  Benefits Improvement Act. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic,  Congress extended lease protections for servicemembers in residential  or vehicle  [[Page S1888]]  leases impacted by ``stop movement'' orders. However, the original bill  unintentionally omitted the Coast Guard. The small but important change  Andy initiated has had a positive impact on thousands of his fellow  Coast Guard members and their families.   This is an exciting moment for Andy. Soon, he will assume command of  the Coast Guard Cutter Mohawk in Key West, FL. I know the Mohawk and  the Coast Guard will benefit from Andy's steadfast spirit and  determination.   I salute Andy's service and leadership in our Nation's armed  services, and I thank him for all of his hard work. I have been blessed  with many fellows. I rise to speak for fellows really only when they  come for two tours in my office.   Andy's presence on the Commerce Committee will be missed, but his  colleagues and his country are grateful for his dedication and  diligence. I know Kristen, Aidan, Karissa, and Alexander are proud of  him also.   On behalf of the American people, I extend my deepest gratitude and  wish Andy Pate the best of luck in his future endeavors.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   