 Mr. President, over the last year, America's economy has  faltered and the American people are struggling. Families have been  confronted with rising inflation, which is essentially a tax on their  paycheck every time they go to the grocery store, every time they fill  up the gas tank, and every time they go out and buy clothing or  essentials for their family. America's small businesses, after  suffering from the COVID shutdowns last year, are facing supply chain  issues and labor shortages.   It is no surprise that the majority of Americans believe our economy  is in poor health and they fear things are getting worse.   And the Democrats' answer to the growing economic anxiety?   Double down on Big Government policies.   President Biden and Democratic leaders are pursuing a $2 trillion  tax-and-spending spree that offers Americans more debt, more  government, more taxes, and more inflation. They think that government  is the answer to all our problems. This $2 trillion bill is an attempt  to fundamentally transform from an opportunity-driven society built on  the American dream to a dependency-driven society powered by the  Federal Government.   The Biden administration put a lot of work into trying to market  their plan--their tax-and-spending spree. They claim it will bring down  costs and help the middle class.   But what are their top priorities?   Tax cuts for their wealthy donors in New York and California and  other blue States that have State and local taxes, giving them a  deduction on those taxes imposed by State legislatures and Democratic  Governors. They want to raise the SALT tax from $10,000 to $72,000, a  move that mainly benefits wealthy Americans.   Ninety-seven percent of the tax cuts would go to Americans making  more than $100,000 a year. Millionaires would get a $23,000 tax cut.  And, as Democrats' rich donors get richer, middle-class families get  poorer.   Although Democrats are touting their childcare cost entitlement  program, the devil really is in the details. While a single parent  stands to receive thousands of dollars in childcare payments, married  parents at the same income level would receive no assistance at all.   Once the regulations in the bill are factored in, the cost of  unsubsidized childcare will skyrocket. Millions of middle-class  families won't get subsidies because they make more than $67,000 a  year, and they will be on the hook for the rising costs of healthcare  that their proposal will create. According to one analysis, parents  making more than $67,000 a year can see their childcare costs skyrocket  by more than $13,000 in the first year of the program.   How many middle-class families can afford that?   Democrats also want to meddle with our Nation's economy under the  guise of promising that they just want to combat climate change.   The Democrats are proposing a new electric vehicle tax credit, which  would subsidize high-cost electric vehicles for affluent Americans who  can already afford them. To make matters worse, Democrats are offering  a second tax credit only if you purchase an electric vehicle  constructed by their Big Labor union allies. That's right, a car built  in a non-union shop doesn't get the tax subsidy; a car built in a union  shop does.   Look, I support clean energy, and I have got a record of supporting  it here in the Senate and back in my time at the House of  Representatives in North Carolina, but I don't support having the  Federal Government unfairly pick winners and losers in the private  markets.   Democrats also hope to create a Civilian Climate Corps to give young  liberal activists paid jobs--jobs paid by the American taxpayer. That  is an outrageous concept, considering that we already have a record  number of jobs that private employers can't fill. The government is  going to create jobs to compete with these businesses that are  desperately looking for labor.   But this isn't about jobs. It is about the socialist wing of the  Democratic Party having their own army of government-funded social  justice warriors. It is no surprise that the Civilian Climate Corps is  championed by the radical and anti-Semitic Sunrise Movement. Their  activists have protested climate policy in the past by blocking traffic  during rush hour and chaining themselves to boats. They also frequently  go to homes of elected officials--including me, just back in August--to  trespass on property and to  [[Page S7771]]  harass and intimidate us into supporting their extreme socialist  demands. These activists would be at the top of the list to get  taxpayer-funded jobs in the Civilian Climate Corps. And by their own  admission, progressives see it expanding well beyond the scope of  climate change to anything the left considers social justice.   These are just some of the provisions in the Democrats' Big  Government spending spree.   The next logical question is, how do they intend to pay for it?   They will do it by raising taxes, shaking down the middle class, and  adding more to our debt.   They have proposed doubling the size of the IRS. The IRS already has  83- to 85,000 people. They are proposing hiring another 80,000 people,  doubling the size of the IRS. Democrats want to expand the size of the  IRS in order to monitor bank accounts of hard-working Americans in the  hopes of squeezing more money out of them.   While millionaires and billionaires have tax lawyers and accountants  to handle an IRS inquiry, hard-working, middle-class Americans don't.  And there is nothing more chilling than getting a call from the IRS or  a letter saying that you are about to be audited or ``We just have a  few questions for you.'' They are going to have to take on the IRS  themselves when they get accused of not paying enough.   My friend, the Senator from West Virginia, has spoken out against the  plan to double the size and scope of the IRS, and I agree with him. He  has also warned Democrats on the dangers of creating massive new  spending programs at the same time that Social Security and Medicare  are on the verge of bankruptcy.   Focus group-approved slogans and new promises the government can't  keep might be good politics for Democrats, but it is horrible policy  for Americans. Americans can't afford more inflation, more taxes, more  childcare costs, and more government. The Democrats' tax-and-spending  spree won't Build Back Better; it will only make life harder for  Americans already struggling to get by.   