 Madam Speaker, the January 6 attack obviously revealed  the flaws in security of the Capitol.   Subsequent attacks on the Capitol complex have provided further stark  evidence of the need to improve the physical security of the complex  and other Federal buildings.   This supplemental provides the vital, urgently needed funding for  security within the jurisdiction of the Financial Services and General  Government Subcommittee.   In this Chamber, I remember one of my colleagues asking when the  cavalry would arrive. The closest thing to the cavalry arriving was the  D.C. Metropolitan Police Department.   The courage and dedication of the MPD in defending the Members, the  Capitol, and our democracy, saved lives and helped this Congress return  to business more quickly.   This bill includes funding to reimburse MPD for the costs associated  with the events of the 6th, as well as other costs they have incurred  due to the Federal presence in the District because we cannot allow the  District of Columbia to shoulder the burden of defending Congress on  their own.   In the aftermath of the events of the 6th, all Federal buildings and  employees face additional increased security threats. This bill  provides funding for additional security expenses for Federal judges  and Federal court facilities, including security upgrades to exterior  perimeter security camera systems at priority Federal courthouses.   This bill also includes General Services Administration buildings.   We must provide funding to conduct security assessments of Federal  buildings, including blast mitigation and collapse studies, taking the  first steps in being able to address security vulnerabilities.   No one should have to go to work afraid for their safety, none more  so than our public servants. We must protect our democratic  institutions, Congress, the courts, and all Federal agencies, so no  elected official or public servant ever goes to work scared to execute  their duty.   These threats are real, they are happening now, and lives are at  stake. We cannot wait and must move quickly to pass this bill.   For those who would vote against the commission, or did, for those  who would deny there was an insurrection, for those who would vote  against this bill to protect us, you embody the new twisted world.   We grew up believing the phrase, ``I will believe it when I see it.''  You embody the phrase, ``I will see it when I believe it.'' God help  us.   