 Madam President, if you have been involved in Illinois  politics and government in the last 40 years or if you have called my  office in Springfield anytime in the last 24 years, there is a good  chance you know the fellow I am about to speak about this afternoon.  For those who haven't been lucky enough to meet him yet, let me tell  you about my friend, one of the best people I have ever known. His name  is Bill Houlihan.   Bill came to work on my first Senate campaign in 1996, and when we  won, I asked him to be my staff director for downstate Illinois--all 96  counties. He has been with me ever since, and now he is State director  of the entire State. Whenever I can't attend an event in Illinois, Bill  is the person I turn to. I don't have to write any speech for him, and  I don't have to check on what he said. People know Bill speaks for me,  and I have complete confidence in his judgment and integrity.   Everybody seems to know him. Just try going to a grocery store with  Bill Houlihan in Springfield, IL. Be prepared for delays as everyone  needs to talk to him or to thank him for something that he might have  done: Thanks for helping my mom get her Social Security. Thanks for  helping my dad with the Veterans Health Administration. Thanks for  helping to get that passport so my daughter could go away to school.  Thanks for helping the local union get the project that creates the  jobs here in our community.   Over the years, Bill has helped thousands of people find jobs and  provide for their families. He knows about the dignity of work. He does  whatever he can to help whomever he can, having no expectation of any  recognition.   Bill started his professional life in 1981, fresh out of Eastern  Illinois University. He was the class president. His first job was with  the Illinois Education Association. They sent him into a David-and- Goliath battle scene in Peoria, IL, where they were trying to convince  the local teachers to sign up with the IEA. They hired Bill 6 weeks  before the crucial election and sent him into Peoria--his first  campaign for a union. You see, Bill had worked on political campaigns  for his dad, and I will talk about those in a minute.   When he got down to Peoria--a place where he had never lived-- everybody knew him, and whenever he went up and introduced himself as  Bill Houlihan, they would say: Well, are you the son of Bill Houlihan?   He would say: No, I am the son of John Houlihan.   Bill didn't understand for a while why he kept getting that question.  It turns out that he had exactly the same name as Peoria's longtime and  venerable TV weathercaster Bill Houlihan.   When, as a young union organizer, Bill showed up, puzzled teachers  always said: Are you sure you are not related to Bill Houlihan?   Our Bill Houlihan was no TV personality, but Peoria teachers quickly  learned that he cared about them and  [[Page S3319]]  that he knew his stuff. Just as important, he understands how to build  political organizations and campaigns and how to use that power to help  everyday people. Thank goodness for me he knows how to win. The IEA won  the election in a close, upset victory back in the day. It was the  first of many election campaign victories for Bill Houlihan.   Bill and Cindy, his wife, are the parents of four children, but they  did it the hard way--one set of triplets and a bonus baby born 22  months later. Mariah, John, Grant, Neil are all grown up now, but when  they were younger, at the start of every school year, their teachers  would often ask them: Is Bill Houlihan your dad? That question was  followed with the teachers telling stories about Bill and how he had  helped them. This young, unknown organizer had become a legend in his  own right. These stories were the only way the Houlihan kids learned  about what their dad did for a living. He never bragged about himself;  he was too modest.   Driving around the State of Illinois for over 20 years with Bill  Houlihan, I have heard a lot of stories, but I think the thing that  impressed me the most was when he talked about his dad--what a  remarkable man. I was lucky to know him.   John Houlihan was born in a section of Chicago which describes where  you might find it. It is called Back of the Yards; that is, the  stockyards. In that section of the city, immigrant families got their  start and worked in some of the hardest jobs in Chicago. John's father  was a slaughterhouse worker. John himself grew up on the South Side of  Chicago--in that area--and his dream came true. As an Irish Catholic  kid, he was admitted to Notre Dame University. Can I tell you what a  big deal that is still today? For the kids in those parishes to  consider going to Notre Dame was nothing short of a miracle. So John  Houlihan, Bill's father, who was 6 feet 4, incidentally, was going to  try out for the basketball team at Notre Dame University, an absolute  dream come true. Yet there was an intervening event which the Presiding  Officer will appreciate. It was called Pearl Harbor.   John Houlihan, Bill's dad, had to drop out of Notre Dame University  to enlist in the U.S. Marines. He served in many campaigns. As his 21st  birthday approached, his mom and dad sent him a little gift, a belt. It  was small enough that it could make it through the mail, and at least  he knew they were thinking of him on his birthday. He was embarking on  the Battle of Bougainville on his 21st birthday, an island in the South  Pacific. A grenade explosion ripped through his left leg in that  battle. Lucky for him, he pulled off that belt and applied it as a  tourniquet. It saved his life, but it couldn't save his leg. It was  amputated at the hip. The Allied forces won that battle, and John  Houlihan spent a year and a half recovering in veterans hospitals.   He left the Marines with a chest full of medals, including three  Bronze Stars, a Marine Corps Medal, and, of course, a Purple Heart. He  went back to Chicago with one leg, an artificial leg, and a cane or a  crutch. He went to a dance in the basement of St. Gabriel's Catholic  Church on the Chicago South Side, and he met his future wife Vernal.  They had eight kids together. Bill was the middle child, the fourth of  the eight kids. Amazingly, his dad, despite having that devastating  injury, wanted to get involved in politics. He moved to Park Forest,  IL, just south of Chicago, to raise his family in a larger house, as  you can imagine, and decided to run for the Illinois General Assembly  in 1964.   I have a picture here I am going to show you. This is John Houlihan,  Bill's dad, and this is his brother Mike. Bill is over here at the age  of 10. His dad was elected to the general assembly. He served with some  of the giants of Illinois' political history: my friend Paul Simon,  Adlai Stevenson, and Harold Washington. John Houlihan fit right in.   As an amputee, at a time before the Americans with Disabilities Act,  John Houlihan knew that they would applaud you on Memorial Day and  Veterans Day but that it was hard as heck for a disabled vet--really  severely disabled like John Houlihan--to get a job. He fought for those  disabled vets just like himself, so much so that, when he came to the  Illinois General Assembly in Springfield, the Black Caucus invited him  to serve as a member. They knew that he appreciated what discrimination  was all about. He accepted the invitation as an honor.   Years later, when his son Bill Houlihan was working in that same  Illinois State Senate, the Black Caucus asked that he be assigned to  them as a staff member because they knew of his reputation--Bill  Houlihan's reputation--for being willing to fight for the underdog.   John Houlihan served in the general assembly for 8 years before  turning his full attention to veterans' rights.   He served with the Illinois Department of Veterans' Affairs, the  Veterans' Administration here in Washington, and the Cook County  Veterans Assistance Commission. His young son Bill was watching him  throughout this life experience, and I know he came to appreciate his  dad's courage and determination that he was going to build a family and  build a life despite his serious disability.   He also knew what it was like for his dad. I remember his dad, a  World War II vet. We look today to amputees who have the good fortune,  thank goodness, of modern prosthetics, even computer-driven devices to  help them lead as normal a life as possible. That wasn't the luck of  the World War II vets. They were given some crude artificial legs, and  they did their best.   I can still picture Bill's dad John--one-legged man, lumbering around  life with this big, wooden leg of his that he would just swing forward  as he made it with his cane and made his life despite that handicap.   Bill's mom was a big influence on him as well. She might have been  quieter than his dad but just as strong. Think what kind of woman it  was who would marry John Houlihan, quickly returning from war, trying  to make a life. Vernal Houlihan was a kind, generous woman. No matter  how tight money was, there was always room for one more place at the  Houlihan dinner table.   Bill Houlihan is just like both his parents, the same courage and  determination and the same sense of caring.   The heart of every congressional office is something called casework,  helping constituents untangle redtape caused by government bureaucracy  or to help solve everyday problems in their lives that mean the world  to them.   Bill Houlihan may be the only State director in this Senate who still  does casework along with his colleagues in addition to all his other  duties. I can't count the number of people whose burdens have been made  lighter by Bill Houlihan.   He logs every call he receives, and his day doesn't end until he  returns every call. He treats every person with dignity, compassion,  and respect, and he always makes time for them.   When we would drive around the State, thousands and thousands of  miles, it reached the point where people would call him in his car. The  phone never stopped.   Many times I said to Bill: Why don't you pick up on that when we get  back to Springfield tomorrow?   No, he said. I knew he was going to call, this buddy of mine. He  calls me every day. He just wants to chat for just a few minutes. I  will be done, Boss, in just a minute.   And he would take the call.   Many people called him just to hear his friendly voice. He has fans  the likes of which I wish I had some days. A lot of chiefs of staff  would think twice about that approach to the job but not Bill. That is  just who he is.   Our office in Springfield is located in the same block as Abraham  Lincoln's home. That neighborhood is part of the National Park Service.  When Bill walks down the block, he greets every park ranger by name,  and they know him by name. It is like that wherever we go.   Illinois is filled with young leaders all over the State--women and  men, Black White, and Brown--who didn't know they could be a leader  until they met Bill Houlihan. He is one of the best talent scouts and  coaches I have ever known. He boosts the confidence of everyone who  works for him or with him.   He crisscrosses the State of Illinois in his dark-blue minivan; they  call it the Houli-van. The miles he puts on that van every year might  take him to China or the Moon. He knows every  [[Page S3320]]  mile marker on every highway in our State by heart.   He has, at last count, 47,000 contacts in his Palm Pilot--yes, he  still has a Palm Pilot--and I think he knows 20,000 of those telephone  numbers by heart. He has an encyclopedic mind for names, numbers,  election results, sports stats, history--everything--and he shares  everything he has learned with anyone who might benefit from his  knowledge.   In between organizing for the IEA and joining my staff, Bill worked  as a legislative director the Illinois Senate Democrats and downstate  director for Senator Carol Moseley Braun, the first woman of color to  serve in the Senate.   One of these pictures here is the early days when he was just getting  started as an organizer, hair much darker than it is today.   Now, let me show you a more recent appearance. This is Bill. He is  speaking at the Women's March in Springfield in 2017.   Usually, he is very soft-spoken, until he gets in front of a  microphone, and that is when he turns up the volume. Oh, there is one  other time he turns up the volume. If he is watching his Fighting Irish  play football and they score a touchdown, Bill will let out a scream  that will rattle the windows.   Always, always Bill Houlihan is the voice for people whose hopes and  needs aren't heard enough within the halls of the Senate or the halls  of power. He is a voice of compassion, encouragement, wisdom, and  decency.   Loretta and I are lucky to call Bill and Cindy some of our best and  dearest friends. So it is hard to say, but this is his last week on the  job with the U.S. Senate. It hurts to lose a man who has given me such  a big part of his life. It is going to take its toll on my office, my  politics, and my life, but I can guarantee you that I will be calling  Bill just as often as I always have. He may not be on the payroll, but  I know he will take my call.   Bill and Cindy want to move on to the next chapter in their lives.  That is understandable. I am sure it is going to include some traveling  and special time with their kids and grandkids.   Bill, God bless him, just volunteered again to once again become the  chairman of the Sangamon County, IL, Democratic Party--a post he held  years ago.   Above all, I know that Bill will continue to help everyone he can in  every way he can because that is who he is and always has been.   Bill, I hope you are watching--Cindy too. Thank you. I couldn't have  done it without you. Loretta and I wish you and Cindy and your whole  family good health and happiness in all the years to come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from Washington (Mrs. Murray)  is necessarily absent.   