 Madam Speaker, American families and businesses across our  country are facing a crisis, a crisis of inflation, the likes of which  we have not seen for more than 30 years. Last month, the Consumer Price  Index hit a 30-year high.  [[Page H6354]]    What does this mean for everyday Americans? Gas prices are up 50  percent from last year. Food prices are rising to the highest level in  12 years. The price of eggs is up 42 percent. The price of milk is up  17 percent. The price of a new car is up $5,000. Home prices are going  through the roof.   Last week, I met with farmers and ranchers in central Oregon who are  paying far more for fertilizer, feed, fuel, herbicides, and all crop  inputs. This is on top of the incredible difficulties caused by  historic drought, supply chain disruptions, and a shocking shortage of  labor.   Given all this, what are President Biden and Speaker Pelosi doing to  address the biggest inflationary spike in decades? Well, they have no  plan except to spend even more trillions of our tax dollars on more and  probably irreversible welfare programs.   The $2 trillion spending bill would raise taxes, increase our  national debt, and drive inflation even higher. Sadly, American  families will pay for this bill one way or another--but most  immediately, right now, through inflated prices on everything from  diesel fuel to the Thanksgiving turkey.   The $2 trillion Build Back Better bill is on top of the $1.9 trillion  spent in March and the $1.2 trillion spent a few weeks ago. Even former  officials from the Obama administration have warned that these  unprecedented levels of spending will result in higher inflation.  American farmers are now warning that this spending bill could result  in the demise of many family farms and ranches.    Spending trillions upon trillions of dollars will cause more  crippling inflation for American families and businesses. This radical  reconciliation bill would not help us build back better. Instead, it  will damage my State and our Nation for generations to come.   