 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his work  on this bill and my colleagues on the Senate side and the House side.   I rise in strong support of this legislation. When intelligence  community officers risk their health and safety in service of their  country, they need to know they will receive the full support of the  United States Government if they are injured. That assurance is crucial  for the officers' ability to carry out their missions.   As the public now knows, our officers have been the victims of  targeted attacks around the globe. I want to say upfront that these  incidents are real, and the officers' accounts are credible.   Victims have described the sudden onset of symptoms, such as intense  head pressure, dizziness, vertigo, and cognitive difficulties. Some  incidents have resulted in traumatic brain injuries, debilitating pain,  and other serious health issues. Many victims continue to experience  chronic health problems and require sustained treatment.   Over the past several months, we have been looking into these  incidents. In my view, there are three objectives. The first is to  determine the best way to help these officers and their families. The  second is to find out who is perpetrating these attacks. The third is  to conduct strong oversight of our agencies and make the necessary  changes to achieve the first two objectives. That will require vigorous  effort, but I am committed to uncovering the truth.   The bill we are considering today takes important steps to assist the  victims of these attacks and ensure that our people will be compensated  for their brain injuries. It builds on legislation we passed last  Congress to improve worker's compensation for certain personnel and  their dependents.   Some have called the legislation technical, which it is, but it is,  nevertheless, vital. Patriotic Americans serving to promote and protect  our freedoms deserve our gratitude and full support.   The Senate has already passed this bill by unanimous consent. I fully  support it, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do  the same.  [[Page H3857]]        