 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding, and he almost got there--the food, fuel, and fiber capital of  the world in West Texas. But we are proud to be partners with our  friends in Oklahoma who produce a little oil and gas and a little food  and fiber themselves.   But the gentleman from Florida is exactly right. I don't think that  there is enough Democrats to support this gargantuan tax-and-spend bill  on the American people because it would be their political death  warrant, quite frankly. Because they represent people, working  families, who will no doubt feel the burden. Even the most liberal tax  policy experts say that the corporate taxes, in large part, will be  borne by working families with lower wages and higher cost of goods and  lower benefits.   That is what taxing American job creators will do, as well as run  those jobs right back to overseas where we brought millions back when  we cut taxes. We will ruin America's competitive position, and we will  no doubt be in a far worst situation than we are today, with runaway  inflation, with labor locked out by foolish policies to pay people more  to be on unemployment than to be at work.   This is the largest tax bill, the largest spending bill, the largest  expansion of government, the largest redistribution of wealth in the  history of the United States of America--in the history.   And part of this bill--and it is hard to know where to end and begin  because the Democrats have had sort of a shock and awe strategy where  it is hard to unpack all of the disastrous provisions--but they expand  the welfare system in this country and trap millions more people on  government dependency. And they will trap generations in a cycle of  poverty because of new cash entitlements without any regard for  personal responsibility or work requirements.   The refundable child tax credit is exhibit A. It is half a trillion  dollars in its current temporary form. But I guarantee you, if it goes  into place, in any form, it will be made permanent. It is over a  trillion dollars, and people will be paid cash per child with no regard  for their ability to work, their responsibility to look for a job.  Work-capable people with no responsibility.   This will also enact the green new economic disaster. This is a  climate alarmist utopian fantasy that will break the bank of our  American coffers. It will ruin our economic prospects of recovery. It  will certainly undermine, if not flat out destroy, America's energy  independence and give the keys to China in terms of the future global  economic leadership.   But what is not discussed enough, because Democrats claim in their  rhetoric that this is a tax on the rich; this is a tax on corporations.  Well, first of all, the facts are, out of the 1.7 organizations, job  creators organized as C-Corps, $1.4 million are small businesses. Small  businesses in their proposal would be death by a thousand tax increases  and mandates and regulations; marginal tax increases; a cut in the  small business deduction; you have Obama surtaxes.   Madam Speaker, in 41 States, small businesses under this proposal  will pay more than 50 percent of their income to the government. On top  of that, they have expanded powers for regulators like OSHA to increase  their penalties upwards of 500 percent, increase their Fair Labor  Standards Act penalties by 900 percent, empower regulators to fine  small businesses upwards of $700,000 for not enacting, implementing the  Biden vaccine mandate.   Madam Speaker, to my friend from Oklahoma, this is riddled with  horrible provisions, and to suggest that small businesses get a pass is  more than disingenuous. Again, in addition to the tax increases, they  have got mandates on government-approved retirement plans. They will be  forced to unionize their workforce; taxpayers will subsidize union  dues; unions will be able to funnel billions of dollars to Democrat  organizations.   So in addition to the progressive wish list part 2, after ``COVID  relief,'' in addition to amnesty and citizenship for people who came  into this country illegally, they have got a whole list of goodies for  their union buddies and bosses, not the least of which is Americans get  a higher tax break if they buy their electric bicycles and electric  vehicles from unionized corporations.   So this is a parade of horrible policies. It is an economic disaster.  And as we unpack it, I hope and pray that the American people and our  colleagues on the Democrat side of the aisle will do the right thing  for our country and keep America in that pole position for future  prosperity.   