 Madam President, I rise again today to express my objection  to President Biden's sweeping vaccine mandate and to offer legislation  that would protect Americans from this Federal intrusion.   As I said yesterday, the Federal Government has no business mandating  COVID-19 vaccination for all Americans. Unfortunately, at least some of  my colleagues disagree. The President of the United States said, while  announcing the mandate, ``This isn't about freedom or personal  choice.''   ``This isn't about freedom or personal choice.'' It stuns me to think  that a sweeping Federal mandate could be about anything other than  freedom or personal choice. It is like robbing a bank and then saying  it is not about the money.   Our Constitution was designed to protect the liberties of the people  of the United States. But now, the government is being used by the  Executive to force Americans to be vaccinated or to be terminated.   Yesterday, I came to the floor to speak about those Americans with  sincerely held beliefs, whether religious or otherwise. My bill  yesterday would have simply required that any mandate of this sort  contain an exemption for those individuals.   Now, I don't believe that such an exception would be sufficient to  resolve the constitutional and the policy problems with such a mandate.  But there are millions of Americans who would be able to live according  to their beliefs if, in fact, such an exemption were included by law,  which it should be.   Lamentably, my colleague the senior Senator from Washington objected.  So I pledged to come back again today and tomorrow, for as long as it  takes, to win the fight against this egregious mandate.   Today, I am providing another opportunity for this body to protect  Americans.   This mandate poses a real threat to the well-being of millions. Those  who choose not to be vaccinated are at risk of losing their jobs. My  office has been in contact with 144 Utahns who are concerned about this  very issue. I shared some of their stories yesterday.   Despite what many on the other side of this debate would have you  believe, these are, in fact, everyday Americans: people with  preexisting medical conditions, like autoimmune disorders. These are  people who are just wanting to provide for their families and not to be  able to expect that. These are pregnant mothers who are concerned about  the safety of their own health and that of their unborn children.   Some of these people are the heroes of yesterday. They are first  responders; they are medical professionals and essential workers who  sacrificed to carry our Nation through the hardest days of this  pandemic. And they are still heroes today. These Americans are not the  enemy.   President Biden and those who support this effort are grasping for  solutions they believe can bolster their political position and shift  blame on the status of the pandemic. Those paying the price are the  people back home, including many of the people I just described.   So today, I offer another proposal. This bill would provide those  Americans harmed by this mandate with a means of recourse. Under this  bill, those who lose employment or lose their livelihoods due to this  mandate may sue the United States for relief. The bill would make these  very Americans whole after the President of the United States made  working impossible for them.   This bill is only one of many that I have introduced to combat this  unconstitutional, unwarranted, indefensible mandate. While I believe  this mandate will eventually be invalidated in court--I am quite  confident that it will--until that day comes, these bills can provide  businesses and the American people with the certainty that they need to  make their own decisions. We will be protecting their God-given and  constitutionally protected right to make medical decisions for  themselves.   So, Madam President, I am here today and I will be back tomorrow and  fighting against this mandate for as long as it takes.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2840, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the insight provided by my  friend and distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois  and the assistant majority leader.   I respectfully submit that this is about allowing people to obtain  redress for, among other things, the awful Hobson's choice people are  facing and are increasingly going to be facing as this mandate kicks  in. It hasn't been issued yet. We still don't know what is in it. We  still don't know his precise basis for the authority. We assume that he  would have told us his precise basis for the authority if, in fact, it  existed.   I have scoured the U.S. Code looking for authority for the President  of the United States to implement this unilaterally, and I have found  none. So it is very significant, therefore, that when you are going to  put this kind of a Hobson's choice in front of the people, you ought to  be able to at least have the decency to tell them what your source of  authority is. He still hasn't done it.   If we assume that he is going to come up with one and that he is  going to issue a mandate, that mandate is going to put a whole lot of  people in a terrible position, forcing them to choose between getting a  vaccine that, for whatever reason, they don't want and termination-- between submission and poverty. That is unfair.   Now, look, I get the fact that a lot of us were and are enthusiastic  and grateful for the vaccine. I have received the vaccine, as has every  member of my family. I think the vaccine is a good thing. I also  understand that there are people who feel differently. In some cases,  there are people who have been advised by board-certified medical  doctors not to get the vaccine based on the existence of one or more  autoimmune diseases, past personal or family history, and their  idiosyncratic reactions to other vaccines or to this vaccine. There are  other people who might have religious or other sincerely held personal  beliefs that might make this choice a really unfair one for the Federal  Government to force upon them.   So, yeah, I am glad we have got the vaccine. I think the vaccine is  good. I think the vaccine is helping a lot of people. But to tell every  American that he or she must get this under penalty of losing a job,  and then for the President, after acknowledging that he doesn't have  authority, to mandate this for every American turns America's  employers--all those with more than 99 employees--into the COVID-19  vaccine police for the entire country.   It is unjustifiable, even at a policy level, before we get to the  obvious constitutional defects and the lack of any semblance of any  statutory authority. So I am disappointed that we can't pass this one  today. I will be back again tomorrow. I will continue to come back for  weeks to come because the American people deserve better than this.  They deserve not to have people in Washington, DC, purporting to make  very personal healthcare decisions for them and conditioning their own  private-sector employment on compliance with the dictate of one man in  Washington, DC.    Mr. President, during this pandemic, the people of the  United States have seen the Federal Government intrude into their lives  more frequently and more completely than ever before. President Biden  didn't make any pretense about this. He didn't mince any words. He  didn't sugarcoat it. He didn't even try to hide behind any veneer when  he spoke to the American people. He said: ``Our patience is wearing  thin.''   This five-word expose of the President's thinking is deeply  troubling. It is not the kind of sentiment you ever want expressed  within a Free Republic, not from the Chief Executive.   To say ``our patience is wearing thin'' might be something that you  say of a foreign adversary. It might be something you say of a  subordinate within government, someone who reports up to the President.  It is not something you say of the people--the people who, in our  system, collectively, are the sovereign.   It is only by the consent of the governed that our government has its  legitimacy, and to denigrate the American people that way is not  consistent with who we are. It is not consistent with our form of  government.   So I find that five-worded mission of how he views the American  people worrying in its own right. But I find it nothing short of  horrifying that he--as if acting as some sort of omnipresent nanny  state disciplinarian executive is now set to plunge even more deeply  into everyday lives of the American people.   We are here today to remove one of the options from the  unconstitutional buffet of strong-armed Executive tactics used by  President Biden in connection with COVID-19. Requiring proof of  vaccination for interstate travel would create millions of second-class  Americans. And it would make all Americans subject to a form of  government and a type of power to which we are not accustomed. And that  is really ill-suited for our Constitution structure.   The Constitution itself protects Americans from this type of action.  The Privileges and Immunities Clause and the Fourteenth Amendment  grants Americans the right to freely travel between the States. There  is no precedent for the Federal Government requiring anything like  vaccination before traveling domestically. There is no precedent  because there is no legitimate Federal power in this area to begin  with.   It is important to remember that the Federal Government doesn't have  what we call general police powers. These are the basic powers of  government that are there to protect life, liberty, and property and to  focus on things like health, safety, and welfare.   You see, State governments retain this general police power. Remember  that James Madison, in Federalist No. 45, described the powers given to  Congress as few and defined and those reserved to the States as  numerous and indefinite.   The Founding Fathers understood what general police powers were. They  deliberately, consciously, intentionally, and with very good reason did  not give those powers to the Federal Government.   So as a result, the Federal Government doesn't possess, under the  Constitution, the ability to pass laws or regulations of this sort. No,  in our system of government--our national government--this Federal  Government has to pass only those laws that are within these powers  that are few and defined, those enumerated in the Constitution.   The President of the United States, under our Constitution, does not,  moreover, have any kind of unilateral lawmaking authority whatsoever.  So the power is not Federal in the first place. And even if it were a  proper Federal power, which it is not, it is a legislative power that  he is trying to wield here. Only we can give him that. Only we can  enact legislation.   Article I, section 7, makes it very clear that if you are going to  change the legal status quo, if you are going to establish policy at  the Federal level that will carry the force of generally applicable  Federal law, you have to be acting within one of Congress's enumerated  powers.   But more importantly here, under article I, section 7, you have to  have passage in the House; you have to have passage in the Senate of  the same legislative vehicle, followed by presentment to the President  of the United States. That formula hasn't been followed here. We have  no Federal law on this as a result of that. We, thankfully, got rid of  a King back in 1776. We have never gone back--never looked back and  longed for the Union Jack. We shouldn't be anxious to convert the  Presidency into a type of monarchy, even if it is a mini monarchy.    Beyond the constitutional problems, requiring vaccine passports for  domestic travel within the United States would place a huge burden on  not only the American people, but also on airlines and on other  businesses that are already hard hit by the pandemic. Multiple major  airlines have already expressed their concerns with a vaccine passport  mandate.   Look, the last thing the American people need is more mandates and  restrictions preventing them from making their own reasonable  decisions. Americans deserve to be able to make a living and to be able  to engage in interstate commerce and to travel interstate without  mandates making them choose between providing for their families and  undergoing a medical procedure against their will.   That is why I am fighting President Biden's existing mandate and  fighting against future intrusions by the executive branch into the  lives of Americans.   The bill offered by my friend and colleague, the Senator from  Florida, would ensure that Federal Agencies cannot attempt to impose  vaccine requirements for interstate travel or commerce. I am proud to  be here in support of this bill. I am proud to defend Americans and  their constitutional rights. I hope we can protect millions of our  fellow citizens and the American way of life by passing this bill.    Mr. President, during this pandemic, the people of the  United States have seen the Federal Government intrude into their lives  more frequently and more completely than ever before. President Biden  didn't make any pretense about this. He didn't mince any words. He  didn't sugarcoat it. He didn't even try to hide behind any veneer when  he spoke to the American people. He said: ``Our patience is wearing  thin.''   This five-word expose of the President's thinking is deeply  troubling. It is not the kind of sentiment you ever want expressed  within a Free Republic, not from the Chief Executive.   To say ``our patience is wearing thin'' might be something that you  say of a foreign adversary. It might be something you say of a  subordinate within government, someone who reports up to the President.  It is not something you say of the people--the people who, in our  system, collectively, are the sovereign.   It is only by the consent of the governed that our government has its  legitimacy, and to denigrate the American people that way is not  consistent with who we are. It is not consistent with our form of  government.   So I find that five-worded mission of how he views the American  people worrying in its own right. But I find it nothing short of  horrifying that he--as if acting as some sort of omnipresent nanny  state disciplinarian executive is now set to plunge even more deeply  into everyday lives of the American people.   We are here today to remove one of the options from the  unconstitutional buffet of strong-armed Executive tactics used by  President Biden in connection with COVID-19. Requiring proof of  vaccination for interstate travel would create millions of second-class  Americans. And it would make all Americans subject to a form of  government and a type of power to which we are not accustomed. And that  is really ill-suited for our Constitution structure.   The Constitution itself protects Americans from this type of action.  The Privileges and Immunities Clause and the Fourteenth Amendment  grants Americans the right to freely travel between the States. There  is no precedent for the Federal Government requiring anything like  vaccination before traveling domestically. There is no precedent  because there is no legitimate Federal power in this area to begin  with.   It is important to remember that the Federal Government doesn't have  what we call general police powers. These are the basic powers of  government that are there to protect life, liberty, and property and to  focus on things like health, safety, and welfare.   You see, State governments retain this general police power. Remember  that James Madison, in Federalist No. 45, described the powers given to  Congress as few and defined and those reserved to the States as  numerous and indefinite.   The Founding Fathers understood what general police powers were. They  deliberately, consciously, intentionally, and with very good reason did  not give those powers to the Federal Government.   So as a result, the Federal Government doesn't possess, under the  Constitution, the ability to pass laws or regulations of this sort. No,  in our system of government--our national government--this Federal  Government has to pass only those laws that are within these powers  that are few and defined, those enumerated in the Constitution.   The President of the United States, under our Constitution, does not,  moreover, have any kind of unilateral lawmaking authority whatsoever.  So the power is not Federal in the first place. And even if it were a  proper Federal power, which it is not, it is a legislative power that  he is trying to wield here. Only we can give him that. Only we can  enact legislation.   Article I, section 7, makes it very clear that if you are going to  change the legal status quo, if you are going to establish policy at  the Federal level that will carry the force of generally applicable  Federal law, you have to be acting within one of Congress's enumerated  powers.   But more importantly here, under article I, section 7, you have to  have passage in the House; you have to have passage in the Senate of  the same legislative vehicle, followed by presentment to the President  of the United States. That formula hasn't been followed here. We have  no Federal law on this as a result of that. We, thankfully, got rid of  a King back in 1776. We have never gone back--never looked back and  longed for the Union Jack. We shouldn't be anxious to convert the  Presidency into a type of monarchy, even if it is a mini monarchy.    Beyond the constitutional problems, requiring vaccine passports for  domestic travel within the United States would place a huge burden on  not only the American people, but also on airlines and on other  businesses that are already hard hit by the pandemic. Multiple major  airlines have already expressed their concerns with a vaccine passport  mandate.   Look, the last thing the American people need is more mandates and  restrictions preventing them from making their own reasonable  decisions. Americans deserve to be able to make a living and to be able  to engage in interstate commerce and to travel interstate without  mandates making them choose between providing for their families and  undergoing a medical procedure against their will.   That is why I am fighting President Biden's existing mandate and  fighting against future intrusions by the executive branch into the  lives of Americans.   The bill offered by my friend and colleague, the Senator from  Florida, would ensure that Federal Agencies cannot attempt to impose  vaccine requirements for interstate travel or commerce. I am proud to  be here in support of this bill. I am proud to defend Americans and  their constitutional rights. I hope we can protect millions of our  fellow citizens and the American way of life by passing this bill.   