 Mr. President, I rise today in solidarity with  the brave Cuban people fighting for freedom. For decades, the Cuban  people suffered atrocities, oppression, and misery at the hands of the  illegitimate communist Castro regime.   I have repeatedly told the story of Sirley Avila Leon, a Cuban woman  who was attacked by communist Cuban security forces in 2015. They cut  off her hand and stuck her arm in the mud to make sure it got infected.  Her crime? She complained that the regime was going to shut down a  school in her neighborhood.   I have spoken to brave leaders like Jose Daniel Ferrer and the  courageous members of his Patriotic Union of Cuba, who are fighting  every day to defend human rights, freedom, and the democratic movement  in Cuba. Jose Daniel Ferrer is currently being detained by the  communist regime, and his family doesn't know where he is. Activists  like Jose Daniel Ferrer and the artists of the San Isidro Movement are  the future of Cuba, not the ruthless communist regime.   This is the same communist regime that for decades has been the root  of the instability we see across Latin America. The communist Cuban  regime props up other dangerous dictators, like Maduro in Venezuela and  Ortega in Nicaragua, threatening the region and the national security  of the United States.   What we are seeing now in Cuba should send a clear message to the  world: Communism is a failed ideology that does nothing but lead to  suffering and oppression. Communism doesn't work. Socialism doesn't  work.   The people of Cuba are crying out for freedom. They are denouncing  the oppressive communist rule that has brought ruin to their nation for  more than 60 years. This disgusting assault on the people of Cuba  cannot go unchecked.   I very much appreciate my colleague's efforts to condemn the  atrocities of the regime, but this resolution is missing one thing:  These atrocities are undeniably linked to communism.   I stand today to offer a friendly amendment that simply condemns  communism in this resolution, labeling the Cuban dictators Diaz-Canel  and Raul Castro what they are: a ruthless, communist Cuban regime.   In America, we understand the value and importance of freedom in our  everyday lives, and it is our duty to support and stand up for those  who are oppressed by dictators and denied the right to live freely. It  is our duty to speak the truth about communism.   I stand proudly with the heroic freedom fighters across Cuba who have  taken to the streets, determined to regain their freedom and put an end  to the communist Castro dictatorship.   To the people of Cuba: You are not alone. Together, we will defeat  communism.   The freedom of Cuba is closer than ever, and we are not going to stop  until we see a new day of freedom, democracy, and ``Patria y Vida'' in  Cuba.   I urge my colleagues to support my important amendment today.  Therefore, I ask that the Senator modify his request to include my  amendment, which is at the desk; that the resolution, as amended, be  agreed to; that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object,  let me just read this. All I am saying is, the resolution would add  ``condemns the murderous Communist party of Cuba for decades of  oppression against the Cuban people, the destruction of the Cuban  economy, and the destructive spread of communism in the Western  Hemisphere.''   I wish my colleague from New Jersey would accept my simple but  important, friendly amendment, but I will consent to allowing this  resolution to move forward.   I will always stand proudly with the brave people in Cuba, fighting  for their freedom, and against the brutal communist regime which  continues to oppress them.   I yield the floor.   