 Madam Speaker, our government is not a piggy bank to be  pilfered and pillaged by public servants. Trump appointees abused their  public office to line their pockets and corruptly retain power. The  crime spree by Trump and his stooges is the worst corruption ever in  our government.   According to a recent Office of Special Counsel report, they made a  mockery of the law. They exploited Hatch Act gaps or ignored it  altogether.   My amendment in the en bloc is based on the Political CRIMES Act. I  thank Congressmam Mike Quigley and Senator Elizabeth Warren for their  leadership. The amendment enhances the underlying provisions and gives  the Hatch Act sharper teeth.   The amendment ensures political appointees cannot get away with  crimes. It requires disclosure of investigations. It cracks down on  subpoena evaders. It allows the Special Counsel to continue  investigations after government service concludes. Offenders like  Kellyanne Conway and Stephen Miller, and those masquerading as public  servants like Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, violated the Hatch Act  without major consequence. No longer.   The amendment also expands the fines for violations. For the first  time, repeat violators can be held criminally liable. This is real  accountability.   Most important, it extends the law to the President and Vice  President when conducting official duties on federal property.   You fix a leaky roof in the sun. Not in a storm. With dark clouds  ahead, we must protect our democracy.   I am glad my amendment was included, and for the Presidential tax  return transparency provisions in the bill. Trump and his enablers  refused to follow the law. For 981 days--longer than the siege of  Leningrad--our tax return request was illegally blocked by a tag-team  of the Trump Department of Justice and a Trump-appointed judge.   Now that the Biden administration will comply with the law, the  returns should be sent to Congress.   I urge passage of my amendment and passage of the underlying bill.   