 Madam President, once again, the Senate has proven that  infrastructure is--as it always has been--  [[Page S6107]]  a bipartisan issue. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act offers a  once-in-a-generation vision for America's infrastructure that is long  overdue. This bipartisan infrastructure package makes the largest  Federal investment in public transit, passenger rail, and bridges in  more than 50 years.   Gone are the days when ``infrastructure'' has meant only bridges,  highways, roads, and rail. While we need to invest in all of those  areas, States like Vermont have infrastructure needs that also include  climate resiliency, broadband, and renewable energy. That is exactly  what this sweeping infrastructure package does.   The need for action in Vermont is clear. It is no secret that  Vermont's infrastructure is aging. For decades, infrastructure in  Vermont has suffered from a systemic lack of investment. Vermont has  more than 2,700 bridges, 570 miles of freight railroad, 14,000 miles of  public road, and an overall C grade from the American Society of Civil  Engineers--ASCE--for the condition of these facilities. There are 66  bridges and over 666 miles of highway in the State that are in poor  condition and need of repair. When it comes to stormwater and  wastewater infrastructure, Vermont's report card is even more dismal,  receiving a D+ grade from ASCE, an unacceptable reality as our  communities continue to see the impacts of climate change and extreme  weather. With the passage of this indispensable infrastructure package,  that will all change. The State of Vermont is expected to receive over  $1.5 billion in formulaic funds to repair highways and bridges and also  install a network of electric vehicle charging stations throughout the  State.   This desperately needed infrastructure package will help repair  Vermont's roads and bridges, while also creating good-paying jobs. It  provides significant investments and makes key programmatic changes to  competitive discretionary infrastructure programs to make more these  Federal revenue streams more accessible to small, rural States like  Vermont.   The bill tackles the challenge of bringing broadband to the 19  million Americans, including 60,000 Vermont homes, in rural areas and  other parts of the country that still lack access to quality, high- speed internet service. Not only will the Infrastructure Investment and  Jobs Act buildout broadband in unserved areas, it permanently  establishes the Emergency Broadband Benefit program created through the  passage of the American Rescue Plan Act renaming it the Affordable  Connectivity Benefit program. This program will provide a $30 per month  voucher for low-income families to use toward any internet service plan  of their choosing. It builds on the EBB program by expanding  eligibility to help more low-income households, while also making it  more sustainable for taxpayers.   Importantly, this package will also make significant down payments on  climate resiliency initiatives to make Vermont more prepared to tackle  the climate crisis, which has for too long been overlooked. Later this  month will be the 10-year anniversary of Tropical Storm Irene. The  devastation that occurred as the storm swept through our State showed  that we must build back better to make our communities and critical  infrastructure more resilient to extreme climate events like Tropical  Storm Irene. And anyone who doubts the obvious link between our  infrastructure needs and the climate crisis need only look at what  happened to Texas's energy grid during the winter, or the devastating  heat wave and drought taking place across the West this summer, where  record temperatures have literally melted power lines and buckled  roads.   The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act includes climate  mitigation, adaptation, and resilience programs that are both pragmatic  and forward-thinking. It includes record amounts of funding for  weatherization assistance to reduce energy costs for low-income  households, makes the largest investment in clean energy transmission  and electric vehicle infrastructure in history, funds the  electrification of thousands of school and transit buses across the  country, and establishes new programs to overhaul our energy grid and  rapidly accelerate development and deployment of battery storage  technology.   The bill amounts to the single largest investment in clean drinking  water in American history, including dedicated funding to replace lead  service lines and address the PFAS contamination in our communities,  and provides an additional $40 million for water quality projects in  the Lake Champlain Basin. Taken together, the Infrastructure Investment  and Jobs Act will leave every community in Vermont better prepared to  face the challenges of the 21st century and help restore American  leadership in the fight against climate change.   This significant legislative and stimulus package shows what can be  done when we all work together in the Senate. This hasn't been easy,  but it is important to Vermont and to our country, and thanks to these  efforts, we will be able to repair roads and bridges, build electric  charging stations, and build out broadband throughout the country. I  hope that the Senate will pass this legislation today, and that the  House of Representatives will soon consider this legislation, so  President Biden can sign this historic infrastructure investment into  law.   