 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate being here, and I thank the  gentleman for leading this. This is such an important topic.   We have seen ourselves in the last year and a half go from the  greatest economy the world has ever seen to very perilous times for the  American people.   Some of it not of our choosing; some of it, unfortunately, of our  choosing. About a year and a half ago I would ask in virtually every  meeting I went to in my district throughout Texas, I would ask every  industry: What is your biggest problem right now?   And they would tell us: We can't find enough people.   Now, the reason was very different a year and a half ago than it is  today. I get the same answer, but for very different reasons. A year  and a half ago the economy was doing so good. Businesses were booming.  We were hiring. Wages were growing across every demographic. Now it is  because we are paying people to stay home.   This is an attack against the American worker, against the American  economy, against the American work ethic that took us from struggling  Colonies to an amazing, amazing influence on the world stage, to the  greatest economy ever in all of humanity.   Now, what is really troubling is to see the attack against the  American worker that this administration has chosen to pick out,  certain industries that were very strong for us, particularly the  energy industry. We have seen pipelines shut down here, while pipelines  are encouraged to be built in our adversarial nations. We have seen  this push toward green energy so that we can buy solar panels from  China, while China continues to build hundreds of coal power plants.    So this, obviously, isn't about the environment. This is about  destabilizing the economy here at home, while we empower adversarial  nations abroad.   Recently, I was at the border. And we funded border infrastructure in  the last administration. But now we have stopped it, even though the  contract is already signed, and we won't even continue the contracts  enough to plug in the lights that are already built at the border.   What is going on at the border is wreaking havoc on communities  throughout our States and throughout this Nation.   We talk also about China and the devastating impact they have had on  the coronavirus. We need to investigate that. This administration needs  to step up and investigate that. There was some talk some time ago  about how Fauci had sent money to the Wuhan lab and whether or not that  was funding gain-of-function research or not.   Whether or not it was, what in the world are we doing sending money  to a Wuhan lab when China is the number one thief?   They steal more intellectual property than any other nation-state  from us.   We can make America work. America works when we support the American  worker. Let's get back to doing that.   