 Mr. President, we are just weeks into a new  administration, and all hopes and promise of bipartisanship have been  rejected.   The Biden administration and my Democratic colleagues in the Senate  lasted 10 days before they ditched any attempt at real compromise. Now,  instead of working together to provide targeted relief to those who are  hurting from the coronavirus pandemic, the Democrats are moving forward  with a reconciliation process to pass a nearly $2 trillion spending  bill.   Reconciliation is a process that was created to make quick changes  related to budget and spending that were assumed to have gotten  bipartisan support. It was never meant to be a tool to pass major  legislation, but the Democrats know they can't pass their harmful  policies through legislation, so they are looking for any tool they can  find to ram them through the process   Senators Schumer and Sanders keep pushing forward, without Republican  support, to get the changes they need no matter what--no matter that  the spending package includes a number of liberal policies that have  nothing to do with the coronavirus; no matter that the spending package  has a bailout of wasteful liberal States for their decades of  mismanagement even though the latest data show that States across the  country are reporting positive income growth; no matter that the $2  trillion would throw our Nation even deeper into unsustainable debt,  hurting American families.   We need to be very clear about this: America is in a debt crisis, and  we need to start talking about it and taking decisive action to reverse  course.   In 2020 alone, the Federal Government increased its debt by more than  $4 trillion. To date, it sits at a massive--an unsustainable--$27  trillion. That is why, every time I am faced with a question of  spending taxpayer dollars, I ask myself some simple yet important  questions: What is the plan to pay for it? What is the return on  investment for American families? Does the proposal include measures to  prevent waste and fraud and ensure accountability?   Asking these questions isn't a novel idea. It is the same process I  went through every day when I was the Governor of Florida, and it is  what most Americans go through when making financial decisions at home  or for their businesses. No family would needlessly spend money without  a plan, and no business can afford to not get a return on its  investment.   Spending without consequence isn't how things work in the real world,  and it is not how things should work in government. Congress's decades  of failure to think and act responsibly has led to enormous deficits-- insurmountable debt--and out-of-control spending, but instead of  getting serious about this debt and its inevitable consequences, the  Democrats are focused on more government, more spending, higher taxes,  and no accountability. Biden's nominees are no different.   In 2018, Janet Yellen, Biden's new Treasury Secretary, was quoted as  speaking about the unsustainable U.S. debt and said: ``If I had a magic  wand, I would raise taxes.'' How is that good for an American family?   Mayor Pete Buttigieg, the new Transportation Secretary, said he is  open to raising the gas tax on American families. How is that good for  an American family?   Neera Tanden, tapped to run the Office of Management and Budget, has  been a vocal supporter of the Green New Deal--a $93 trillion disaster  that would devastate our economy and kill jobs. How is that good for an  American family?   These are the people who are going to get our economy on track and  provide opportunities for American families? I don't think so.   My concern about the future of our country cannot be understated. In  August, Congress will have to deal with the expiration of the debt  ceiling. This is a critically important issue, but, for years, Congress  has ignored it. The debt ceiling has been suspended for more than 2  years, allowing the Federal Government to spend out of control and rack  up insane debt on the Federal credit card, and we have to pay interest  on this debt. Right now, interest rates are at historic lows--less than  1.5 percent--and we are still paying nearly $350 billion in interest on  our debt each year. Think about it. We get no return on any of these  dollars.   Here is a chart. Look at this.   This is the $345 billion we are going to spend in interest for 2020.  Look at these programs: Medicare, 862; Medicaid; defense; Social  Security. Look at the deficit we are running of $3.3 trillion. If this  interest rate goes up--and we were already running a big deficit even  before COVID, and we are going to have a deficit this year of over $1  trillion--what program does somebody anticipate cutting, and what taxes  do people believe we ought to increase?   Of the $350 billion we are going to spend on interest, we will get no  return. There is no family that gets any benefit out of this interest  expense unless you are holding treasuries. It is insane, but it is not  the scariest part. If interest rates increase to the 50-year average of  6.2 percent--that is the 50-year average--we will be obligated to pay  $1 trillion more in interest every year. So look at this. If the  interest rates go to the 50-year average, we are going to go from a  little less than $350 billion to over $1 trillion in interest expense.   So if we have $1 trillion in interest expense, how are we going to  fund all these programs when we are already running deficits? And that  is if the debt stops growing.   Every additional dollar in debt we hold increases the dollars in  interest we owe. It is an awful cycle that has disastrous consequences  for American families.   That is why we cannot allow the debt ceiling to simply be suspended  again.  [[Page S283]]  We cannot allow a radical liberal agenda to destroy America's chance to  ever get out of this hole.   As we recover from the pandemic, inflation will rise from its 2020  low of 1.4 percent to nearly 2.3 percent or more. That is a 60-percent  increase in inflation.   But if Congress continues to recklessly spend and do nothing about  our growing debt, inflation will increase higher. There is a direct  link between the Federal Government's unsustainable spending and the  rising cost of goods and services.   Here is what that means for American families: The price of everyday  goods will rise; gas prices will rise; and rental housing costs will  increase.   Increases in inflation hit America's hourly workers and fixed-income  families the hardest. And these hits are exacerbated when liberal  politicians, like Pete Buttigieg, get their way and raise the gas tax  and other costs on families.   So while politicians in Washington keep spending money like it is a  game, American families suffer. Radical spending and reckless proposals  directly hurt families.   Every dollar we allocate is borrowed from taxpayers, and if Congress  is irresponsible, it is the taxpayers that suffer.   Adding insult to injury, a rise in the debt will also either cause or  be accompanied by a rise in interest rates. That is bad for everyone.   When interest rates increase, everything from car loans, to student  loans, to mortgages become more expensive for the American people.   And the interest on our debt, which is already the fourth largest  expenditure in the Federal budget, will become our largest expenditure.  For every 1-percent increase in interest rate, we are going to spend  another $2 trillion over 10 years. That is more taxpayer money getting  no return. There is nothing. There are no services. There are no  products. There is nothing for the American consumer.   For people on fixed incomes, their incomes are going to stay the  same, while the prices of the items they buy will go up month after  month. For hourly workers, wages will never go up fast enough to cover  the ever-increasing cost of goods and services.   I know all of this sounds scary. That is because it is.   Politicians in Washington are afraid to tell you the truth, so here  it is: If you want our country to survive and thrive and continue to be  a beacon for freedom, prosperity, and hope around the world, we will  need to make tough choices after this crisis is over. We will need to  do way more with less. We will need to reassert the fundamental  principle of conservatism that the private sector and individuals--not  government--should be the driving forces behind our economic stability  and success.   We have to stand up for these values, and when Democrats try to spend  $2 trillion on their priorities that have no bipartisan support, we  have to say no. We have to make sure that every dollar is spent  strategically on things that actually help struggling families and  businesses.   When Democrats want to raise taxes to pay for government's  wastefulness, we have to say no.   Short-term solutions aren't going to work anymore. We are in a battle  for the future of our Nation, and we cannot relent.   As I stated after Congress passed the CARES Act, once this crisis is  over, we must make a plan to cut Federal spending by at least the  amount we spent during this crisis. There is no other option.   In August, Congress will once again confront the expiration of the  debt ceiling. It is time to take action. It is time to wake up.   We can fix this and put our Nation on a fiscally responsible path. We  fix this by doing what I did in Florida. We need to focus on growing  the economy, cutting taxes and burdensome regulations, and streamlining  permitting. We fix this by helping every American get a good job. And  we fix this by getting a return on every taxpayer dollar we spend.   I am going to keep talking about this issue and proposing solutions  because this is one of the most severe and most ignored crises facing  our Nation. It is not going away, and the harder the Democrats push  their wasteful, harmful proposal, the harder I am going to push back.  This problem is only getting worse.   As long as I am a Member of the U.S. Senate, I will fight to rein in  the out-of-control spending that is putting our children and our  grandchildren's future at risk.   I will be back on this floor again and again until something gets  done.   I yield the floor.   