 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to talk today about a subject of  urgency for our Nation but a subject that many Democrats in this body  don't want to talk about. I mean Afghanistan.   Thirteen American soldiers, dead; 169 civilians, dead; hundreds more  American civilians left behind to the enemy; billions of dollars in  military equipment abandoned to the enemy, like you see in the images  right over my shoulder. Yet, nearly a month after this disastrous  evacuation, the worst foreign policy disaster in this Nation's history  since Vietnam, there has been no accountability. No one has been fired.  No one has resigned. No one has been relieved of command.   Instead, what we have heard is the most incredible and, frankly,  insulting parade of excuses and evasions from the President of the  United States and the rest of his leadership team. They have said the  evacuation debacle was an ``extraordinary success.'' That is a quote.  That is from the mouth of the President himself. Let that just sink in  for a second.   Thirteen American soldiers, including from my State of Missouri,  lost--13--169 civilians dead; hundreds of Americans left behind enemy  lines to fend for themselves, left to the Taliban, left to ISIS. Has an  American President ever--ever--left behind American civilians on the  field of battle--hundreds of them--and then called it an extraordinary  success? I can't think of a time in American history.   It was a disgrace, what the President said. It was untrue, what the  President said. Yet he goes on and on and on. And now President Biden  and his team say they didn't leave any Americans behind. They said, in  fact, Americans weren't abandoned to the enemy.   I mean, this is simply insultingly false. By their own estimates,  hundreds of American civilians were left behind and are still there.  Americans are still trapped in Afghanistan, trying to get out, trying  to be rescued, left to their own devices. Yet the President of the  United States insists that it never happened; it was all a success; all  is well.   The President said it had to be this way. Those soldiers--what?--had  to die? I mean, what does that even mean--that the military had to  abandon billions of dollars of equipment to the enemy; that civilians,  hundreds of them, had to die; all those Americans had to be left  behind? I mean, is he serious about that? Does anyone honestly believe  that? Does anyone honestly believe that this was the only possible  outcome, that the death of American soldiers and the loss of civilians  was the only possible outcome, the only way to withdraw?   It is absurd, and an honest leader would acknowledge it. In fact, an  honest leader would never have said it. Yet President Biden and his  team continue to say it day after day.   Joe Biden has blamed other people. He has pointed the finger at the  people of Afghanistan. That is remarkable. These people now suffering  under the rule of the Taliban--they are at fault, apparently. He has  blamed and his administration has blamed the intelligence Agencies.  They cast aspersions at the commanders on the ground. And remarkably-- remarkably--many Democrats in Congress seem to be fine to go along with  all of this, with these excuses and these evasions, this attempt to  whitewash what has happened in Afghanistan and is happening as we  speak, as Americans remain behind enemy lines.   The Democrat leader has stood on this floor and praised Joe Biden's  handling of this crisis, applauded it. Just yesterday, he said right  here on the floor that my efforts to get accountability for this crisis  in Afghanistan were a waste of the Senate's time. Those were his words:  waste of the Senate's time. He also said it is something that only the  far right is interested in. His words: ``the far right.'' What an  insult to the American people.   All I can say to that is: Why don't you come to Missouri? Why don't  you talk to the families of soldiers who are serving? Why don't you  talk to the families of those who have served in this 20-year war? Why  don't you talk to veterans? Why don't you look the people in the face  who are grieving and who are demoralized and who are shocked at what  happened over the last few months in Afghanistan, shocked at the  abandonment of American civilians? For that matter, why don't you just  talk to this administration's own officials who rushed to tell  reporters, off the record, that they were horrified that the President  had left behind American civilians--horrified.   To brush all of that aside, to pretend that none of that really  matters--that is all a distraction; there is nothing to see here--that  is insulting, and it is wrong.   Until there is accountability, I will force the Senate to actually  vote on Joe Biden's nominees for leadership positions in the State  Department and the Department of Defense. In the face of this crisis,  in the face of this debacle, the least the Senate can do is vote.   But the Senate ought to be doing a lot more than that. While grieving  families are still waiting for answers, while Americans are still left  behind enemy lines, we should be getting the truth. That ought to be  our focus. We should be demanding accountability, not sweeping it under  the rug.   So let me just pose a few--a few--of the questions that I think need  answering: Why was the administration so unprepared for what transpired  during its evacuation? Why didn't it plan for the potential fall of  Kabul, for the potential surge of the Taliban, for the potential  collapse of the Afghan Security Forces? Why weren't they prepared to  withdraw while keeping Americans safe?   Joe Biden and his team didn't coordinate the drawdown so American  citizens could leave the country; they ignored them. They told us the  Afghan Security Forces were 300,000 strong; they were never that large.  They promised the security forces were well trained; they weren't.    Has no one bothered to read the reports of the inspector general for  Afghanistan? I commend them to you. They are harrowing. It is harrowing  reading. The inspector general has been warning for literally years  that the Afghan Security Forces were unprepared and unreliable. He has  warned that our own Defense Department has, for years, concealed the  true state of the Afghan Security Forces and their inability to carry  out their mission. These aren't secrets. These are reports, many of  them published in the Nation's leading newspapers.   Yet the administration didn't factor them into their planning, didn't  seem aware of the facts on the ground, didn't seem able to prepare to  deal with the realities, even as Americans were put into harm's way. It  really does make you wonder: What was the Biden administration actually  focused on? I mean, what was it doing with its time? What was the  President doing with his  [[Page S6636]]  time for all of those months--or Secretary Blinken or Secretary Austin  or the National Security Advisor? What were they doing while  Afghanistan collapsed into chaos?   I think the facts suggest an answer. Rather than focusing on  protecting Americans from the enemy, rather than focusing on getting  Americans safely out of Afghanistan, they were focused on fighting a  phony culture war that they invented and that appears to be their top  priority.   Just consider: On June 11, when Secretary Austin was asked if he  thought that the U.S. military was a fundamentally racist  organization--this was at a hearing in the Armed Services Committee  here in the Senate: Is the U.S. military a fundamentally racist  organization?--he said: I can't give you an answer. And, instead, he  talked about the military's urgent support for ``equity''--his words.  One week later, 21 districts in 9 Provinces had fallen under Taliban  control in Afghanistan, and the Afghan Security Forces began to abandon  their posts.   On June 21, Secretary Blinken announced the ``Progress flag'' would  fly at the State Department, a special flag that celebrates, in  Blinken's words, ``diversity and intersectionality''--that famous  catchphrase of critical race theory. The very next day, the Taliban  seized the main Afghan trade gateway as the enemy's advance began to  pick up pace.   On June 23, General Milley said in his testimony to the House Armed  Services Committee: ``I want to understand white rage.'' That is his  quote. And he defended the administration's recent focus on White  extremism in the military. The very next day, U.S. intelligence  assessed that the Afghan Government would collapse within 6 months of  our withdrawal.   On July 1, Secretary Blinken was busy changing U.S. passports to  create new selections for nonbinary, intersex, and gender-nonconforming  categories. The very next day, American troops withdrew from Bagram Air  Base, what had been the hub of American power in Afghanistan, leaving  it for the final time.   On July 14, Secretary Blinken invited the United Nations to formally  investigate ``the scourge of racism, racial discrimination, and  xenophobia'' in the United States. He invited the United Nations, that  frequently corrupt body, to investigate his own country for racism,  xenophobia, and racial discrimination. Meanwhile, at the very same  time, even as Blinken spoke, the Taliban offensive was surging across  Afghanistan.   On August 9, Secretary Austin was busy crafting a new, controversial  COVID-19 vaccine mandate for all of our servicemembers. The very next  day, U.S. intelligence officials warned that the Afghan Government  would collapse within 90 days or sooner.   On August 17, Jake Sullivan--that is the National Security Advisor-- said that the Taliban were helping to provide ``safe passage'' for  Americans fleeing Afghanistan. Well, one week later, the terrorist  attack at Kabul left 13 American soldiers dead, at least 169 civilians  wounded, and, shortly thereafter, hundreds of Americans left behind as  our last transport lifted off.   Facts are facts. These are the facts, and they tell the story. Joe  Biden and his team were more focused on their culture war than they  were on protecting Americans. That is the long and the short of it.  They were more interested in imposing a radical left social agenda than  in getting Americans out of Afghanistan.   They were interested in using the military as a social experiment  rather than respecting it as the warfighting institution it was built  to be. Rather than making decisions that were sound in tactics and  sound in strategy, Joe Biden and his team were aiming to please their  radical, woke, progressive base. And the American people paid the  price.   Now the American people deserve accountability for what has happened.  They deserve accountability for the lives lost. They deserve  accountability for the civilians killed, accountability for the  Americans left behind.   And that is what this body is for. That is this body's  responsibility. It may be an inconvenience to the Democrat leader; it  may be an unwanted responsibility for supporters of the President; but  it is our job nonetheless.   Americans have died. Americans have been abandoned. The Nation  deserves an accounting, and it is not too much to ask the Senate to do  its job. It is not too much to ask the Senate to get the truth, and it  is not too much to ask the Senate to force accountability for this  terrible crisis that this President has disgracefully led us into.   I can say, for my part, I will do everything I can to get that  accountability, to get that truth, and to give the American people the  answers that they deserve.   I yield the floor.   