 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to call up S. Res. 134, as  amended, my resolution urging the President to bring negotiations on a  free-trade agreement between the United States and the United Kingdom  to a mutually advantageous conclusion.   I have been working on the Senate floor and behind the scenes for  several years now trying to get this measure adopted and a trade deal  signed. Things are finally moving. The message to the President, if  approved with unanimous consent of the Senate, could not be any more  timely.  [[Page S7142]]    President Biden recently announced that after a delay of more than a  year, we are finally going to resume trade negotiations with the United  Kingdom. It is not often these days that I am really excited about all  the news coming from the White House, but this one is absolutely  thrilling to hear. I am very pleased with it.   For more than 100 years, throughout times of great change, tumult,  and uncertainty, our partnership between the United States and the  United Kingdom--sometimes referred to as the ``special relationship''-- has been constant. Through two world wars and the Cold War, through  centuries of economic partnership that have forged the world's single- largest bilateral trade and investment relationship, the UK has been  our staunchest and our most loyal ally.   Now, with the UK's newfound ability to negotiate independent free- trade deals and the President's commitment to resume negotiations on  that front, the stars are aligned, and we have the opportunity to grow  that relationship even further. This Senate resolution is the next  step, calling on the President to bring those negotiations to the  finish line. What could be better for American jobs, American  prosperity, and American security than securing such a deal? This is  what our country needs. This is what my home State of Utah needs.   Let me tell you a little bit about what that relationship means for  the people back in my State, back in Utah. Almost 11,000 Utahns are  employed directly by UK companies and their subsidiaries, and nearly  40,000 jobs are supported by exports from Utah to the United Kingdom.  The United Kingdom is our largest export market, and we sent over $9  billion worth of exports just in 2019 alone.   Our credit and financial services industries also thrive from our  trade relationships with the UK. Imagine what it would do for Utah and  for the rest of the country if we made that trade even easier.   In this age of great power competition with China, we need to work  closely with our allies renewing old friendships and crafting new ones.   As we have seen, our supply chains are in a precarious position, and  they need to be redoubled and reinforced before we face the next  calamity. Whatever you might have heard, trade is one of the best ways  to reinforce our supply chains, and so what we need is a proliferation  of free-trade agreements with countries around the globe. The United  Kingdom would certainly be on that list, and, in fact, it should be  chief among them.   So now I ask my colleagues to join me, using the full voice and the  authority of the U.S. Senate, to urge the President to proceed full  steam ahead on a deal. Throughout history, the partnership between our  countries has steadied the world through some of its greatest perils,  and it can continue to do so today if only we let it. The American and  British peoples have the opportunity to once again join forces and  emerge from the challenges we face today and to do so stronger than  ever for the benefit of our countries and nations across the globe.   To that end, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Finance Committee be discharged from further  consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 134. I further ask  that the Lee substitute amendment to the resolution be considered and  agreed to; the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the Lee amendment  to the preamble be considered and agreed to; the preamble, as amended,  be agreed to; that the Lee amendment to the title be considered and  agreed to; the title, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    I appreciate the insights shared by my friend and  distinguished colleague, the Senator from Connecticut, with whom I  enjoy working on countless issues, but I want to offer a little bit of  additional context here.   Senator Menendez and I have worked together for some time now to  address how any such trade agreement with the United Kingdom might take  into account the obligations we have to Ireland under the Good Friday  Agreement.   Just to be very clear, our resolution does not make any statement on  elements of the transatlantic relationship outside the jurisdiction of  U.S. sovereignty. So this shouldn't affect that. Those two things  shouldn't be tied together.   Brexit and the debate surrounding the Northern Ireland Protocol are  issues exclusively between the UK and the EU. This resolution is  interested only, exclusively, in making a statement on working closely  with a longstanding and stalwart ally and trade  [[Page S7143]]  partner. So we certainly would welcome a similar resolution on U.S.-EU  trade, and I would be happy to work collaboratively with my friend from  Connecticut or with any other colleague on either side of the aisle on  that project.   If there are additional concerns here, I would love to know what  those are immediately so that we can resolve this expeditiously. As I  said earlier, I have been working on this resolution for at least 2  years now, and I would hate to see it blocked because of a quibble that  we have already worked with the Foreign Relations Committee, the staff  across the aisle on that committee, to address. I mentioned that this  is important to my State of Utah. It is also important to Connecticut.    In Connecticut, the United Kingdom is directly responsible for over  22,000 jobs, and it supports another 12,000 through Connecticut goods  and services that cross between those two countries.   So I think this would be good for Connecticut. It would be good for  Utah. It would be good for the entire country, and I hope we can get it  done. I am disappointed we weren't able get it done today. I am going  to keep moving ahead on this because it needs to happen.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S. 2988 and that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask  unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Madam President, I am here on the Senate floor today, for  the eighth time now, to oppose President Biden's sweeping vaccine  mandate. I have introduced a dozen bills to, one way or another, limit,  clarify, or counteract this still unpublished mandate.   Now, make no mistake. I am opposed to the mandate categorically. I  strongly dispute even the contention that one man--the President of the  United States--has the authority to do this. He doesn't. I also  fundamentally push back on the idea, the basic moral premise, that it  is acceptable to put people in this position--to tell people that they  have to choose between having a job and being able to put bread on the  table for their children, on the one hand, or, on the other hand,  accepting a medical procedure that they don't want either because of a  religious objection or a specific medical condition or otherwise.   I am categorically opposed to this being done. It shouldn't be done  through the Federal Government. It certainly shouldn't be done by one  person, the President of the United States, who doesn't have the  authority to do that.   And to highlight how concerned I am about this, I am coming down to  the floor day after day to offer a different legislative proposal that,  at a minimum, would make some of the effects of the mandate less  severe, less painful, less cruel, less draconian.   Each time I have come to ask the Senate to pass what would, frankly,  be uncontroversial measures--that should be uncontroversial--and each  time I have done that, one of my colleagues or another from the other  side of the aisle has objected.   This is unfortunate for a number of reasons. His mandate--which is  still unavailable to be examined by the public, by the way--is already  showing the terrible power that even the threat of a government-imposed  vaccine mandate wields.   Businesses across the country are suspending, punishing, or firing  employees who haven't had the COVID shot. Even without government  enforcement, the mere threat, the mere talk of the possibility of a  threat of the mandate is making it harder for everyday American  families to put food on the table in increasingly difficult economic  times, times fraught with uncertainty.   This isn't fair. This isn't right. Deep down, we know it.   Now, lest anyone try to dismiss the victims of this misguided and  ill-founded effort, these aren't people you can just otherize. These  aren't people you could just imagine to be someone you don't like, no.   These are mothers and fathers. They are our neighbors. They are  people who, like far too many Americans these days, are just trying to  get by. I am going to continue to fight this for them. I am going to  continue to push back on this unlawful, misguided effort for them.   And, you know, in the meantime, it is important that we be very clear  and that we be very consistent. In this effort, I have been supremely  clear. I am not, in any way, shape, or form against the COVID-19  vaccine. I have been fully vaccinated. Every member of my family has  been fully vaccinated with my encouragement. I encourage people all the  time, and I repeat that encouragement this very moment from the U.S.  Senate floor, that I encourage people to get vaccinated.   I see the development of these vaccines as a miracle; one that is  helping, and has already helped, countless Americans to avoid the harms  of COVID-19.   That doesn't undercut the fact that this mandate is pushing  government and government control far beyond constitutional limits and  into distinctively private decisions, decisions that belong to the  American people and not to their government. It is why I am fighting  against the mandate, and that is why I have come to the Senate floor  eight times now, to help.   So, today, I offered up a bill that should have itself been supremely  uncontroversial. It is a reaffirmation of parental rights that our  government has respected and honored from the very beginning.   My Parental Consent for Vaccination Act would simply require that any  COVID-19 vaccine mandate issued by the Federal Government must include  a requirement that informed parental consent be provided before the  shot is administered to a minor.   What would be controversial about that? On what planet would we not  want to have parents involved in that decision? On what planet would it  be OK to administer a shot to a child without parental notification and  consent?   Allow me to put this in some context. Parental consent is required  for field trips. Your child is going to the zoo or the park or anywhere  else for a field trip, parental consent form. Parental consent forms  are familiar to every parent and every child and every teacher in  America. It is what we do. You are going to go on a field trip? You  have got to have your consent form. No parental consent form, no field  trip.   Parental consent is required for extracurricular activities, for  sports, student government, club activities, all sorts of things.   Parental consent is required before most schools can administer a  Tylenol to a child; and that is, after all, the right approach.   Despite what some candidates have said in recent political campaigns,  parents are people who should be informed, and they should be involved  in their children's education and in their health decisions.   There is good reason for this. Through thousands of years of human  civilization, we have come to an understanding, quite appropriately,  that parents are simply better equipped to make these decisions than  are other people; certainly better than the impersonal arm of a  government.   Parents are people who know their children. Parents are people who  know their children's medical history. Parents also love their  children. Parents have their children's best interests at heart when  they make decisions regarding involving or affecting them.   Government cannot do any of these things like parents can--not in any  way, shape, or form.   There is a good reason for this, and it is because government doesn't  love their children. It is not that government categorically always  means them harm. That is not it. Government isn't a person. It is not a  being. Government doesn't have arms with which to embrace or shelter or  protect their children. Government doesn't have a heart with which to  love their children.   Government, when reduced to its core, when we really break it down to  what it is, government is simply force--politically permissible,  officially sanctioned, coercive force. It is violence or the threatened  use of violence with a badge under the cover of official authority.   Now, we need government--we need government to protect life, liberty,  and property. We need government to protect people from harm. But we  have got to use it carefully. When we misapprehend what government is  and we lose sight of this relationship between the people and the  government, with the understanding that the government is there to  serve the people and not the other way around, when we lose sight of  the fact that government is just the official use of coercive force,  when we start to revere it as some sort of benevolent, omnipotent,  omniscient presence, bad things happen.   Because government, while necessary, is also dangerous; no less so  than other things that are necessary, like water and like fire, like  electricity, like wind, like oxygen. All these things, if not  controlled, if not managed in one way or another, if not accounted for,  can become dangerous and inevitably can prove deadly.   So thank Heaven above that Almighty God assigned primary care of  children to parents and not to government. And thank Heaven above that  Almighty God endowed each and every human being with these inalienable  rights and with the understanding that government is there to serve and  protect them and not the other way around.   Unfortunately, in some places, like right here in our Nation's  Capital, the government seems almost to have completely lost the plot.   Right here in the District of Columbia, the DC Public Schools system  is one in which minors can receive medical procedures without the  school obtaining the consent of the parents or even informing the  parents.  [[Page S7149]]    In other places across the Nation, this slippery slope is already  leading governments to consider life-changing, school-provided medical  procedures without parental notice or consent.   As a parent and, for that matter, as a human being, as a citizen of  this country, this thought sends shivers down my spine, and not at all  in a good way.   You see, while the Federal Government has almost no legitimate role  in making decisions in our primary and secondary education systems,  these are to be left for States and local governments. Very, very  little role for the Federal Government to play in that area at all. It  is an area that should be left to parents and students and teachers;  and where government is involved, it nearly always is supposed to be  State and local officials, not Federal ones.   With this bill, we make sure that the Federal Government doesn't  endorse or, Heaven forbid, mandate this dangerous approach to medical  decisions for minors. It is not something that we should do.   And so that is why I came here, to ask precisely that. I came here to  ask that we provide assurances for parents and for children--once  again, make no mistake, I am for the vaccine. I am categorically  against the mandate. The mandate should not happen. The mandate is  wrong. The mandate is without legal foundation. It is constitutionally  indefensible, especially when exercised by one person at a level of  government not equipped to deal with these things who are  constitutionally authorized to do so.   But more than anything, the mandate is itself immoral. It is telling  American moms and dads that they have to choose between getting a  vaccine--even if to do so would cause significant problems for them  because of a unique health condition, a religious objection or  otherwise, they have got to choose between getting that unwanted  vaccine on the one hand and losing their job on the other.   Are we really going to tell them that to honor their own personal  autonomy, their own ability to decide what is best for them, we are  going to order their employer to fire them, rendering them unemployed,  for the time being unemployable?   And in some cases, because of the way some of these companies--in  anticipation of the yet-to-be-announced mandate, some of these  companies that have already started firing people are actually putting  them on unpaid administrative leave, such that they can't even collect  unemployment.   This is just mean. It is mean-spirited. So when you peel back all the  layers of all the constitutional arguments, of which there are many,  you are left with some policy arguments. But more than anything else,  we are left with some basic moral arguments, arguments involving  fundamental fairness. This is not who we are.   Look, when we disagree, we can be--we should be able to disagree  without getting someone fired. But we should certainly be able to  disagree without subjecting potentially hundreds of millions of people  to unemployment based on a personal medical decision, one that may have  profound health consequences or religious consequences to them  personally.   I didn't think any of these things were all that controversial. I  still don't believe they are. If any of us could talk to people at  random from our home States, whether they are from communities or  families or households that lean left or right or somewhere else, most  people have a basic sense of fairness that transcends political  ideology and partisan affiliation.   That basic shared sense of fundamental fairness is utterly at odds  with doing this. We are better than this.   President Biden, you are better than this. President Biden, you and I  don't agree on everything, but I know that you know, President Biden,  that this isn't fair. Let's not do this to the people.   So all I was asking today in trying to pass this legislation is that  we reaffirm our commitment to supporting parents in making decisions  for their children. I tried to pass that uncontroversial measure, and  it is a source of great disappointment and even some surprise that we  couldn't even pass that. There has got to be something that is a bare  minimum.   I appreciate the insights provided by my friend and distinguished  colleague, the Senator from Washington, who, in objecting to the  passage of this measure, shared her thoughts on why she opposes it. But  I don't agree with her. Among the arguments she raised was a suggestion  that under existing State laws, there are already ways of figuring out  when, whether, and in what circumstances parental consent might be  required. Now, this is--this is great.   I love federalism arguments. I am happy anytime someone raises a  federalism argument. I think that is the kind of argument that doesn't  get made nearly enough around here because it is kind of a watershed  structural issue within the Constitution, one that outlines the  difference between Federal power and State power.   You see, our constitutional Republic is one in which multiple layers  of sovereignty exist. States and their subdivisions enjoy what we call  general police powers, the power to enact legislation, generally, as  States and their subdivisions deem appropriate for the protection of  health, safety, and welfare. States, in the absence of an expressed  U.S. constitutional prohibition or in the absence of some restriction  in their State constitution--States are presumed to have general police  powers. They may enact legislation as they deem fit to benefit their  citizens.   We, as lawmakers in the Federal Government, have a narrower view. We  have a narrower task. We have a narrower area of authority. We can't  just enact something as Federal law simply because we think it is a  good idea. We have to connect it to one of the enumerated powers made  Federal by the Constitution. Most of those powers--not all of them but  most of them--can be found in one portion of the Constitution written  in relatively plain English nearly two and a half centuries ago, still  easy to read today, still makes sense today--article I, section 8 makes  that clear. We are in charge of national defense, regulating trade or  commerce between the States and with foreign nations and with the  Tribes; trademarks, copyrights and patents, bankruptcy laws,  immigration laws, naturalization laws. There are a few others, but that  is the basic gist of it--things that are distinctively national and  designated as such by the Constitution. That is within our power. And  everything else, as the 10th amendment reaffirms, stating again what  the original Constitution made clear implicitly and was made explicitly  in the 10th amendment, that powers not made Federal by the Constitution  and not prohibited to the States by the Constitution ``are reserved  [for] the States respectively, or to the people.''   That is no accident that they put that phrase in there in the 10th  amendment, ``or to the people.''   When you reserve power to the States, you are, in a sense, reserving  it for the people, and the people are the ultimate sovereigns. We are  authorized to act as a Federal sovereign only in those narrow areas.   So I get back to the argument that my friend and distinguished  colleague, the Senator from Washington, made moments ago. She referred  to the existence of State laws delineating circumstances in which  parental consent for a medical procedure, including a vaccine, might be  acceptable or appropriate. I appreciate the federalism argument. We  ought to have more of those. There are far too few of them here. The  great irony here is that this focuses on the fact that we shouldn't be  operating in this space in the first place.   To the degree that she is right, as she absolutely is to be focusing  on the distinction between State power and Federal power, that same  principle argues a fortiori in favor of us not deciding this on a  national level. In other words, if it is true, as it is, that we ought  to be focused on State law and what State law requires or allows or  contemplates or permits, heavens, yes, let State law apply.   But you can't have it both ways. If you are going to make this  Federal, as the President of the United States has purported to do,  even though it isn't, then we not only may, I believe, we must weigh  in. We must weigh in as the people's elected lawmakers. It is our job  to make policy, and it is our job to decide when, whether, and to what  extent Federal policy is unacceptable and needs to be curtailed. So,  absolutely, the Senator from Washington  [[Page S7150]]  is absolutely right that we should be concerned about what State law  says. And State law should be the beginning and the end of the inquiry  here.   You see, this is what is different between this vaccine mandate and  others that have been mandated in the past. We have never seen one that  is Federal--not applied to the American population as a whole, not as  to the general public. We have never seen one done federally, and there  are good reasons for this. It isn't a Federal beast.   So my friend from Washington has expressed concern for not trampling  on those laws. She couldn't be more right in the fact that we should  respect State sovereignty and the sovereignty of the people. That is  all the more reason why we should have passed S. 2988 today.   S. 2988 is yet another example of a simple modification, that if-- if--we are going to go down this road of a Federal vaccine mandate-- which we should not, but if we were going to, at bare minimum, we ought  to be making this a decision that has to be done in consultation and  with the approval of--not just the notice but also the consent of  parents. That is not too much to ask.   The American people have been asked over and over again, especially  over the last 18 months with the COVID-19 pandemic, they have been  asked to settle. They have been asked to settle for this brooding  omnipresence in Washington that tells them what to do. They have been  asked to settle for multitrillion-dollar annual deficits. They have  been asked to settle for limited freedoms.   The American people shouldn't have to settle for those things. They  certainly shouldn't have to settle for a Federal Government acting  without authority through one person who has the ability to take away  one of the most sacred, one of the most fundamental, one of the most  cherished God-given rights, which is the right to make decisions  involving and uniquely affecting their own children.   For anyone within the sound of my voice or reading this, I implore  you, don't settle--don't. Don't settle for multitrillion-dollar annual  deficits. Expect Congress to start to care about the inflation that it  is causing through reckless spending.   Don't settle for this brooding omnipresence of a Federal Government  that is purporting to have the ability to dictate every aspect of your  lives. No. Expect a government that operates within the space carved  out by the Constitution. Don't settle for a government that knows no  boundaries around its authority. Expect the government to respect its  own limitations. It is time to expect more, and it is time to expect  freedom.   