 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss  some of the first actions that have been taken by the new  administration.   At his inauguration, President Biden spoke about the importance of  uniting the country, bringing us together, the importance of unity.  Well, I agree. We have been much too divided as a nation. We need to  bring America together.   In just a few hours after his inaugural address, President Biden  issued one Executive order after another that I believe is only going  to drive America further apart. He hasn't really reached out and hasn't  really tried to work with us.   At a time when millions of people across the country are struggling  with unemployment and the effects of a global pandemic, President Biden  has taken actions that will actually raise the cost of living for  people all across the country. In particular, President Biden has taken  aim at American energy.   Now, in Wyoming, energy production does a lot more than just keep the  lights on. It puts food on the table. It does it for thousands of  families. It pays for our schools, education, and our roads.   In Wyoming we produce coal, oil, natural gas, and uranium for nuclear  power. We also have incredible renewable resources. Wyoming, in many  ways, has world class wind. We are experiencing that today in Casper,  WY.   Wyoming has some of the largest reserves of energy in terms of  resources anywhere in the country. In Wyoming we produce 15 times more  energy than we use in our State. It actually makes us the country's  largest net energy supplier to the rest of the country. Energy  production is the economic lifeblood of Wyoming. It is a major source  of revenue for, as I said, our schools, our roads, our bridges, and  essential services for all of our citizens.   Wyoming is very proud of our energy workers. Remarkable men and women  every day get up and go to work to put food on the table, put clothing  on their kids' backs, and the whole country benefits from the energy  that comes from Wyoming.   Thanks to America's energy workers, in 2019, America became energy  independent. It was the first time we had become independent in over 60  years. That makes it easier for families to make ends meet. It makes us  stronger on the world stage. It decreases our reliance on energy from  other sources, like foreign powers who want to do us harm.   Thanks to our American energy workers, America is an energy  superpower, and I believe we should be acting like one. That is why it  is remarkable when I see President Biden painting a target on the back  of American energy. That is what he has been doing with his Executive  orders, including today.   Despite all of the talk about unity, one of the first things that  President Biden has done in office is to directly attack--attack-- energy-producing States like Wyoming. It has actually turned out to be  his No. 1 priority.   The White House is calling today ``climate day.'' This morning,  President Biden stopped all new oil, gas, and coal leases on Federal  lands--today. Well, half of the State of Wyoming is federally owned.  Even a greater percentage of that, Madam President, in your State is  federally owned.   Experts tell us that the long-term ban could cost us 33,000 jobs in  Wyoming. We are a State of only a half-million people.   Earlier today, at a hearing of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, where I am the ranking member, the senior Republican, I  asked the President's nominee for Secretary of Energy about how the  President's ban would affect jobs, and she admitted that in terms of  jobs--she said some ``jobs . . . might be sacrificed.''   Saying no to American energy production means less energy, less  economic activity, and less money in the pockets of American workers.  It is not going to do a thing to lower emissions. It won't bring down  global temperatures, but it will bring down workers' wages. It won't  cool down planet Earth, but it will cool down our Nation's economy.  Energy producers will simply go elsewhere while families in our country  will suffer.   President Biden has also put a stop to the Keystone Pipeline. It has  been in the headlines. The pipeline creates jobs. It reduces energy  prices, and it strengthens our bonds with our neighbor to the north,  with Canada.   The Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau, is no conservative. He  is known to be extremely progressive. Even he has said he was  disappointed in the decision by President Biden to cancel the pipeline.  President Biden's very first phone call with a foreign leader since  becoming President was with Prime Minister Trudeau. The Prime Minister  raised the issue on the call. President Biden shut down the pipeline  anyway.   It has also been reported that TC Energy warned the President's  administration that the Keystone Pipeline means thousands of  construction jobs, many of those union jobs. They are gone. They are  gone. President Biden shut it down anyway.    President Biden has also begun the process of putting us back into  the Paris climate accord. Now, under that agreement, the Biden  administration is going to set unworkable targets for American  businesses.   So what does it mean? Well, it hurts America, but it means China and  Russia can continue with business as usual. It is a bad deal for our  country. It makes us less competitive. It sacrifices energy jobs to try  to stop climate change, which it will not do.   The Paris climate agreement is based on the fantasy that climate  change is America's fault--blame America first. In reality, the United  States is the leading driver of innovative climate solutions. President  Biden's actions aren't just targeting American energy, they are also  going after American small businesses.   President Biden is calling on this body to vote to double the Federal  minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now, maybe the President's idea of  national unity is national uniformity, but that doesn't work in Wyoming  or for the people of Wyoming. Maybe he thinks that imposing top-down  regulations on every American would bring us all together. It is not  the kind of unity that the American people are looking for. We want to  stand shoulder to shoulder but not in the unemployment line.   In 2019, well before the pandemic hit, the nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office estimated that mandating a $15 minimum wage nationwide  would lead to 1.3 million fewer Americans working--1.3 million  Americans. At a time when 10 million Americans are unemployed due to  our pandemic, 1.3 million Americans more can't afford to lose their  jobs.   The CBO also says it will lead to higher prices for consumers--paying  more wages, passing on prices to consumers. Now this could hurt  America's small businesses all across the country. I talked to a small  business owner from Lovell, WY, Jimmy Minchow, who has a Sinclair  station there. He called me on Sunday. He said $15 an hour--there is a  station and a food court next to it in Lovell. He said we would have to  shut down the food court. We can't afford $15 an hour for the young  people who are working there. Putting money in their pockets and  providing food services to the people of the community, $15 an hour  will shut it down. So the jobs ticker is now on President  [[Page S167]]  Biden's watch, and the President will be judged by his decisions.   Now, the Senate, right before Christmas, passed another round of  Paycheck Protection Programs we all supported. These are loans to help  small businesses. I voted for it, and the Presiding Officer voted for  it to help our small businesses.   Doubling the minimum wage is going to hurt small businesses and going  to force them to lay off employees like will likely happened in Lovell,  WY, and all across the Cowboy State. It is going to hurt the very  people these loans are supposed to be helping.   A bill to provide $900 billion of relief was signed just in late  December. President Biden now wants to double that amount of funding.  Now, Democrats may try to ram the bill through the Senate using a  process called budget reconciliation. Now, of course, this entire cost  will be added to our national debt, and if it occurs, it will likely be  done without a single Republican vote.   This isn't unity. It is not bipartisanship. It is not healing our  divisions. This is a time for President Biden to heed the words of his  own inaugural address. We need to work together to lower the cost of  living, to produce more energy, to create more jobs, and to create more  opportunities for every American. That is how we bring our Nation  together. That is what we ought to do now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   