 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition.    Madam Speaker, I completely agree with my colleague  Representative Dwight Evans, and I remind this Chamber that  Pennsylvania is the cradle of American democracy.   We can't claim to be the birthplace of American democracy. That would  be a disservice to James Otis, Jr., who, in 1761, stood up in a  Massachusetts courtroom and argued against the King's writs of  assistance.   But Pennsylvania is the cradle of democracy. It is where we hosted  the signing of the Declaration of Independence and the American  Constitution.   It was Pennsylvanians who immediately went to battle to defend this  idea of democracy. They went right after Bunker Hill to the Siege of  Boston. American riflemen were instrumental at the transformational  Battles of Trenton and Saratoga in victory. And it is Independence Hall  where these documents got signed, the Declaration of Independence and  the Constitution.   You heard my colleagues. You heard Representative Houlahan talking  about the privations at Valley Forge, all in support of creating  democracy.   You heard Representative Brendan F. Boyle quoting John Adams, that  democracy only dies by suicide.   You heard Representative Dean quoting John Lewis, our hero, who said:  Democracy is not a state. It is an act.   You heard Representative Wild talking about this stunning assault on  our democracy.   If it seems like we get a little prickly in Pennsylvania about  assaulting democracy, you are right. We do. Pennsylvania is the cradle  of democracy.   You heard how foolish and empty these challenges are. Representative  Lamb said it: 31 cameras filming the place where the count was  happening, resulting in thousands of hours of videotape--you can see it  on YouTube--proving there was no fraud.   You heard Representatives Michael F. Doyle and Brendan F. Boyle  talking about Act 77, how the Republicans in Pennsylvania were falling  all over themselves to pass this law for mail-in voting because they  thought it would help them.   You heard Representative Scanlon explaining why there were no  allegations of fraud made in court because a lawyer going into court  and lying to the court gets his or her ticket to practice law punched.  They can be disbarred.   Politicians can say anything on cable TV, but they have to be darn  careful when they are in court. So all these big TV talkers never  alleged fraud in court.   Let me tell you about one court case. It was a case where they  brought on their best legal talent. It was a case where they drew as a  judge a staunch, principled, conservative Republican, Judge Matthew  Brann. He called this case ``strained legal arguments without merit''  and ``speculative accusations.'' He called it ``like Frankenstein's  monster,'' a ``haphazardly stitched together'' case.   Judge Brann said he ``has no authority to take away the right to vote  of even a single person, let alone millions of citizens.''   On appeal Judge Bibas, a Trump appointee writing for the Third  Circuit, agreed. He said: ``Calling an election unfair does not make it  so. Charges require specific allegations and then proof. We have  neither here.''   So, we have judges--dozens and dozens of them, Federal judges, State  judges, Democrats, Republicans--turning away these challenges. All they  ever wanted was evidence.   Here is the number-one rule when you go to court: Don't forget to  bring the evidence with you.   This objection, in all seriousness, reflects the most profound  disrespect to our American judiciary. We Pennsylvanians understand  democracy. It was in Pennsylvania that our Founders signed the  Constitution, and Article II makes it plain as day: We elect our  President. We don't have a king.   If you can undo a Presidential election simply by alleging that  something was amiss, then we don't have a democracy at all. We have  something else entirely.   And if we vote to sustain this objection, we are not upholding our  Constitution at all. We are doing something else entirely.   Let's vote ``no'' on this objection.   