 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the life of a  gentleman named Alvin Sykes, who passed away on March 19, 2021, in  Kansas City, MO.   Teddy Roosevelt once famously said, in life, ``The credit belongs to  the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and  sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again  and again . . . but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows  great enthusiasms, [the] great devotions; who spends himself in a  worthy cause.''   Alvin Sykes was the man in the arena. He was a man who knew great  devotion, who dedicated himself to a worthy cause, and who helped move  our Nation even closer to our founding promise of ``liberty and justice  for all.''   Alvin was born to a teenage mother. He ended his public school  enrollment after the eighth grade, but he never ended his education. In  his own words, Alvin transferred from public school to the public  library.   In the coming decades, Alvin immersed himself in learning about civil  rights crimes and cold cases, becoming an expert on an often overlooked  issue. He researched the history of these tragic crimes, the relevant  laws, and the statutes of jurisdiction.   Alvin was so well versed, when he testified about such cases before  Congress in 2007, one Member mistakenly assumed he was an attorney.  Alvin replied that he was not an attorney, but it was evident the  knowledge and insight he possessed on these issues surpassed even the  best-educated lawyers in this town.   What made Alvin so remarkable, however, wasn't the knowledge he  acquired but what he did with it. As he learned more about unsolved  civil rights crimes--the ones no one talked about, the ones no one  looked into--Alvin realized we needed a system in place to investigate  those cold cases and uncover the truth.   I met Alvin Sykes in 2016 through Senator Tom Coburn, a great and  dear and missed friend today. Dr. Coburn ran into Alvin Sykes and heard  this story and built a relationship that wasn't just personal--it was  professional--because he wanted to help Alvin fix these wrongs.   Through Alvin's advocacy and guidance, I joined Congressman John  Lewis--a civil rights icon who, sadly, also passed away this last  year--to introduce the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes  Reauthorization Act. The legislation was named for 14-year-old Emmett  Till, who was brutally murdered in Mississippi in 1955 and whose  killers were acquitted.   After we introduced the bill, Alvin did what he had been doing for  years: He went to work. He got in the arena. And he did not stop until  there was legislation authorizing a Department of Justice unit  dedicated to investigating and prosecuting cold cases that remained  unsolved from the civil rights era   To date, the Justice Department has investigated 152 cases under this  program. And while many others were dedicated to making this a reality  as well, Alvin's expertise, his passion, and his persistence were  second to none.   Last year, Alvin reached out to me again, seeking to posthumously  recognize Emmett Till and his mother Mamie Till-Mobley for their role  in starting the civil rights movement. His advocacy led me to introduce  legislation with Senator Booker to award Emmett Till and Mamie the  Congressional Gold Medal, the Nation's highest civilian honor. I can't  think of two individuals more worthy of it than them.   This bill is also a worthy coda for Alvin Sykes' life and his legacy.  You see, Alvin was born only a year after Emmett Till's mother. And  when he first became involved in that case, he heard Emmett's mother  Mamie say she had been fighting to get justice since 1956.   Alvin said he thought to himself: I was born in 1956. That means she  has been trying to do one thing my entire life.   Now Alvin is no longer with us, but the pursuit of justice for the  Till family continues. My hope is that Congress will soon pass this  legislation to recognize and honor their legacy. Today, though, I want  to give Alvin the credit and the honor he deserves. His passion, his  advocacy, and his high achievements made our Nation a better place.  [[Page S1932]]    Personally, I learned from Alvin Sykes. I admire Alvin Sykes. I mourn  his passing. I pay tribute to him today and thank God that he created  Alvin Sykes.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   