 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, our Nation just concluded National  Correctional Officers and Employees Week. Because the Senate was not in  session last week, I want to take this opportunity to recognize these  heroes and everything they do to protect our people and uphold the rule  of law.   Every day, correctional officers go in to work to guard and operate  our Federal prisons, State prisons, and local jails. They not only  administer justice on behalf of innocent victims, but they also defend  the guilty from unjust adversity.   They combat the drug trade so that addicts can recover. They fight  back against vicious prison gangs so that inmates can have a chance to  find redemption instead of recidivism. They confront the most violent  offenders so that persons with short minimum-security prison sentences  don't turn out to have what is a death sentence.   Without safety, security, and structure, our prisons and our jails  would devolve into anarchy, into chaos, and crime. Correctional  officers combat these forces of disorder so that these facilities can  instead be centers of self-improvement and, indeed, correction. As a  result, many inmates are able to pursue education, learn marketable  skills, and find solace in God.   The profession of a correctional officer is both noble and very  dangerous. Fewer than 450,000 correctional officers protect and police  approximately 1.5 million inmates in a normal year, around the clock,  every minute of every day.   Riots, jailbreak attempts, and targeted anti-police violence are  common and result in particularly high-risk situations for correctional  officers. In a  9-year period measured by the National Institutes of Health,  correctional officers suffered over 125,000 work-related injuries and  113 tragically lost their lives.   Correctional officers willingly endure this danger, suffer these  injuries, and sometimes give their lives so that our families,  neighborhoods, and communities can be safe. The least we can do is to  recognize their sacrifice and express our gratitude.   This year, our correctional officers did even more than usual. For  the past 14 months, they have worked tirelessly to keep our inmates  healthy in the middle of this global pandemic. They shifted normal  confinement arrangements, and they maintained order among the  population under enhanced stress due to coronavirus protocols.   Correctional officers have done an amazing job and saved so many  lives during this crisis. Sadly, some even paid the ultimate price for  their work. They should be proud of their work, and we ought to be  proud of them. So from the floor of the U.S. Senate, I certainly can  say I am proud of our correctional officers.   But our Nation should go beyond gratitude. We ought to give  correctional officers the funding, the wages, the equipment, the  facilities, and the support that they need.   To start, Congress can finally crack down on contraband cell phones.  Inmates use them to maintain their criminal enterprises from behind  bars and to terrorize those who put them there. They also use them to  victimize other inmates and to prey upon random victims outside prison  walls. In other words, prisoners use these cell phones to undermine the  life's work of correctional officers.   Contraband cell phones are even used as tools of retribution against  the officers themselves. In 2010, a gang member imprisoned in South  Carolina used a contraband cell phone to order the murder of Captain  Robert Johnson. Captain Johnson was then mercilessly shot six times in  the chest and stomach in his own house. Remarkably, he survived the  attack, and he is now a leading advocate for taking action against  contraband cell phones.   Regrettably, the use of contraband cell phones shows no sign of  slowing. On the contrary, they are becoming ubiquitous weapons inside  of our prisons. While available technologies can be helpful, it is also  increasingly clear they are not capable of solving the problem alone.  So that is why I will soon be reintroducing my Cell Phone Jamming  Reform Act. This bill would empower State prisons to install jamming  technology and turn contraband cell phones into nothing but useless  paper weights. This easy and commonsense step will honor the hard work  of correctional officers to clean up our streets and to keep our Nation  safe.   The men and women of this country--law-abiding citizens and those who  serve their time alike--owe a debt to our Nation's correctional  officers. So I, once again, want to thank them for their courageous and  diligent service. And I hope they took time last week to celebrate  National Correctional Officers and Employees Week because they  certainly deserved it.   