 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Cole and the Committee on Rules. It was a fun day up there for a few  hours.   This nearly 800-page bill that, if signed into law, would impact  millions of Americans' right to vote and to participate in the  political process, was introduced on January 4 of this year. And the  first and only hearing on H.R. 1 was held just 4 days ago, in the  smallest committee in Congress.   Democrats on the Committee on House Administration also decided a  markup of this bill wasn't needed, despite the fact that both the bill  itself and the membership of our committee have changed since last  Congress. This is especially concerning since Democrats changed House  floor rules this Congress to weaken the MTR, making committees the only  real opportunity for the minority to provide an alternative. But now,  they are not even doing that. They are not even holding a markup on  this major elections bill.   This bill was rushed. And I guarantee most of my colleagues  supporting this bill have no idea how this bill would really impact  elections or political speech. But I bet they do know that if this bill  were to become law, they would get a lot more funds for their own  campaigns through the public financing provision.   H.R. 1, the for the politicians act, includes hundreds of pages of  mandates on States and local election administrators. At the only  hearing Congress has held on this massive bill, the minority's witness  was the only person on the panel with experience in actually running  elections. And he told this committee that it would be unworkable in  States like his.   Mr. Speaker, we should be reviewing the issues that we saw during the  2020 election cycle and helping States develop a better process. Simply  mandating how States run their elections is not only unconstitutional,  but it will lead to chaos and confusion for voters.   The for the politicians act creates a first-ever fund to publicly  finance our own congressional campaigns by providing corporate money,  the first corporate dollars allowed into individual Members of  Congress' campaigns since 1907, laundered through the Federal  Government and into Members of Congress' own campaigns.   Provisions in this bill also attack free speech protections under the  First Amendment. We did not have any hearings on the impact of changing  the current bipartisan balance of the Federal Election Commission to a  partisan makeup or the effect that a ``speech czar'' will have on  people's ability to participate in the political process.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is terrible. This bill doesn't address the  important issues that deserve hearings. Any bill to fundamentally  change our elections or restrict our freedom of speech needs--at the  very least--to go through regular order. The American people deserve to  know what is in this bill and the real-life impact it will have on  them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the rule and on the underlying  bill, and I figure my time has expired since you have the gavel.   