 Madam Speaker, this week, we bid farewell to Senator Bob  Dole, a great leader with not only an incredible political mind, but  more importantly, an unwavering dedication to public service. He was  not only a dedicated war hero who exemplified the very best of what it  means to be an American, but also someone who set an example for others  with a commitment to pragmatism, bipartisanship, and governing in the  best interest of the American people.   After being wounded in combat, Bob Dole recuperated in my district,  in west Michigan, at the former Battle Creek Sanitarium, pressed into  wartime service as the Percy Jones Army Hospital. That facility no  longer exists in that form, and I am proud to say today, it is the  Hart-Dole-Inouye Federal Center, a long-lasting testament to not only  his wartime service but also his connection to west Michigan, where, as  my colleague, Mr. LaTurner, mentioned, his survival was questioned and  his recuperation was long and lengthy, but also where he built  friendships and ties, especially with Mr. Inouye, that would go on to  last for over a half century.   During those nearly three decades that he spent in the United States  Senate, Senator Dole was a voice for the veteran community. His career- long efforts to help the men and women who served in uniform culminated  in office with the Veterans' Benefit Improvement Act of 1996.   He also did not forget, even after he left office, that he had  attended college on the GI Bill in the post-World War II period. He  helped a young upstart organization that I volunteered with called  Student Veterans of America, and many others, who campaigned for and  passed the post-9/11 GI Bill so that our generation of veterans could  receive the same educational benefits that he had.   He made tangible improvements to the lives of our veterans through  focusing on substance. Throughout his career, he never lost sight of  the job that he was sent here to do. His service is an example of how  government can truly function and serve when we are committed to  prioritizing results over politics.   Tonight, my wife, Gabrielle, and I extend our heartfelt condolences  to his wife, Senator Elizabeth Dole, and all of those who grieve  Senator Dole's passing. His memory and legacy will live on in the  contributions he made to our Republic.   