 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to start by congratulating President  Biden and Vice President Harris, who took office yesterday. We have a  team of former Senators in the White House.   Yesterday was a hopeful day. The Capitol Building, so recently  besieged by violence and lawlessness, resumed its rightful place as the  seat of our democracy and backdrop for the peaceful transfer of power  from one President to the next that is a hallmark of our system of  government. The faith of many Americans has been shaken in recent  weeks. But yesterday reminded us that our democracy still stands and  our Nation endures--bruised, maybe, but unbroken.   I also want to express my profound gratitude to the Capitol Police  officers and other law enforcement who, though outnumbered and overrun,  defended this Capitol on January 6, and to the soldiers and the law  enforcement who have guarded this building in the days since. We live  in peace and freedom because of the service and sacrifice of our  military and our police officers.   After the election of November, President Biden gave a victory speech  in which he pledged to be ``a President who seeks not to divide, but to  unify. Who doesn't see Red and Blue states, but a United States. And  who will work with all my heart to win the confidence of the whole  people.''   He reiterated that commitment in yesterday's speech, stating: ``On  this January day, my whole soul is in this: Bringing America together,  uniting our people, uniting our nation.''   That is what we need right now--a President who will unite us. If  President Biden can truly be a President who governs for all Americans,  who respects all Americans, and who works to win the confidence of the  whole people, he will have done our Nation a great service.   And I do think President Biden is capable of doing this, but I do  want to sound a cautionary note. It is common to talk about unity at  Presidential inaugurations. But all too often that commitment to unity  is forgotten--by the President or by the members of his party. I hope  this commitment will be backed up with action and that Democrat leaders  in Congress will embrace the President's words. That means respecting  those Americans who didn't vote for President Biden as well as those  who did.   It means working together to confront our Nation's challenges,  instead of adopting an ``our way or the highway'' approach. It means  preserving minority rights in the Senate when it comes to legislation,  the heart--the heart--of what makes the Senate special and something  Republicans, I might add, defended during our time in the majority.   For the President, it means nominating individuals who represent a  majority of Americans, not the far left fringes of his party. I have  seen some hopeful actions from President Biden. Several of his nominees  for important posts, while perhaps not those whom I would have chosen,  are public servants whom I believe will serve our country well in  positions like Director of National Intelligence, whom we voted on  yesterday. And the President has demonstrated both his leadership and  his concern for all Americans by prioritizing the pandemic and focusing  on getting Americans vaccinated.   But there have been troubling things as well. While the President has  nominated some mainstream candidates, other nominations raise serious  concerns on issues like overregulation of the economy and life and  conscience protections.   While I applaud the President's focus on the pandemic, I am concerned  that a number of the measures in his pandemic relief proposal are  heavily partisan--and, certainly, not things that should be rushed  through Congress without serious consideration of the long-term impact  they would have on our economy and American families.   If there was any mandate given in this election, it was a mandate for  moderation. A historic number of Americans voted for President Biden,  but a historic number voted for President Trump as well. Democrats lost  seats in the House of Representatives, and the Senate is evenly  divided.   I hope--I really hope--that Democrat leaders and the President will  remember that and not allow the far left, which has sought to hijack  the Democratic Party in recent years, to determine their agenda. We  have a chance--a chance--for a new day here in this country, and I  believe that President Biden is committed to leading us there.   I pray that that commitment will endure and that we can spend the  next months and years working together, legislating together, and  ensuring the voices of all Americans are respected and heard.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs.  Hyde-Smith), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran)  would have voted ``nay.''   