 Madam President, I am here on the floor again this  evening to talk about the legislation that is before us.   One is the bipartisan infrastructure legislation that passed this  Chamber with 69 votes. It is great for America. It addresses real  problems we have in upgrading our infrastructure, but it also deals  with competitiveness.   My colleague from Illinois just made a good point that we are in a  global competition with other countries, including China. One reason we  are not doing as well as we should is that the other countries are  putting a lot more of their money into infrastructure--because it is  good for their economies--and we are not.   As an example, China spends a lot more, as a percent of their GDP, on  infrastructure than we do--much more. So bridges and roads and railways  and ports--ports are a big problem right now--all of these would be  improved and would make our economy, therefore, more efficient. As the  economists say, that makes us more productive as a country and allows  us to be able to compete globally.   Right now, with these supply chain issues, whether it is freight on  the rail system or whether it is our highway system, or whether it is  our port system or our waterway system, all of which need help, it  would be easier for us to deal with this transition we are going  through if we had better infrastructure.   This infrastructure bill, unfortunately, has gotten intertwined with  another bill over in the House of Representatives. So, although it  passed here on its own merits--standing alone as an infrastructure bill  with no new tax increases, no tax increases--when it got to the House  of Representatives, the Speaker of the House wanted to combine it with  another bill, which is what has been called around here the  reconciliation bill, which refers to a process here in the U.S.  Senate--a rare process--where, instead of having the normal 60 votes--a  supermajority for legislation--under reconciliation, a couple of times  a year, you can have something that only needs to get 50 votes,  assuming that you have the Presidency in your party because then the  Vice President, as the President of the Senate, can come and break the  tie to get to 51. So that is the reconciliation process that the  Democrats want to use for this other bill.   What is the other bill?   It is a huge tax-and-spend bill.   Just as I believe infrastructure would be good for our country, it is  actually counterinflationary based on the economists.   Why?   Because you are doing long-term investments in capital assets. That  is good for pushing back against inflation. More spending on social  programs, which is what is in the reconciliation bill, would add to  inflation at a time when we already have a huge problem there.   Also, the huge amount of spending would be unprecedented. We will  talk about that in a minute, depending on how much spending is in  there.   So that is one bill, and the infrastructure bill is separate.   I, again, call on my colleagues in the House of Representatives--the  leadership over there--to let the infrastructure bill go, allow it to  be voted on on its merits. Don't tie it as a political hostage to this  reconciliation bill, the tax-and-spend bill, that the Democrats have  had a really hard time passing through the system. Infrastructure needs  to stand on its own. The American people deserve that. It has been  almost 3 months--almost 3 months--since the Senate passed it, and  people are waiting, and they deserve the help.   By the way, it helps in a broad range, not just on the roads and  bridges and the rail and the ports and the waterways I talked about; it  helps with resilience to push back against an actual disaster-- something all of our States are experiencing.   It is something that helps with regard to our energy policy--it makes  us more competitive--and, yes, it encourages us to use the resources we  have but to do so through carbon capture. And it encourages us to move  to more electric vehicles; it encourages us to be more competitive on  that front as well.   Infrastructure means, also, digital infrastructure. It actually, for  the first time ever, provides a huge boost to having high-speed  broadband spread all around the country, particularly in our rural  areas, like in Ohio, where we have some areas--about a third of our  State--that do not have access to it. People can't do the appropriate  telehealth that they want to do. They certainly can't do the  telelearning they  [[Page S7328]]  want to do. It is difficult to even go to school these days and do your  homework if you don't have access to the internet. Of course, it helps  us back in Ohio, if we have the internet, to be able to start  businesses in these rural areas of Ohio.    So this is all in the infrastructure bill. That is why, again, it got  69 votes here in the U.S. Senate. That is not usual around here. It is  truly bipartisan. President Biden says he will sign it. Let's pass it.  If we pass it in the House, it will be signed into law, and it will  begin to help our country at a time when we need the help.   We also could use a little bipartisanship around here, don't you  think?   This is one we can agree on.   Why should it be held political hostage to something that is strictly  partisan and controversial and, in my view--in my view--would be  dangerous to our economy right now?   Now, why do I say that?   Well, this new spending that would be in the bill would be the  highest level of spending that we have ever seen in the U.S. Congress.  Remember, originally it was $3.5 trillion because originally it was $6  trillion, and then $3.5 trillion. Now there is discussion--I just read  a report this afternoon in one of the media sources--saying it may be  as low as $2 trillion--$2 trillion. That is two thousand billion  dollars in additional spending at a time of record deficits and debt.   Now, people say: Well, that is a lot less than 3.5.   Yes, but it would still be the largest bill ever passed by the U.S.  Congress--ever. The $1.9 trillion that was passed in March--not that  long ago--which was supposed to be for COVID but most of which is not  going for COVID purposes, was the largest ever. This would be $2  trillion--a little larger than that--adding up together to almost $4  trillion of new spending.   Again, when the $1.9 trillion was passed, a lot of people said,  including me: This is a risk to our economy right now. We are coming  out of the pandemic with a growing economy. Why overheat the economy  right now?   But we did, and it caused much of the inflation we are now  experiencing.   The Secretary of the Treasury under the Obama administration and an  economist in the Clinton administration, Larry Summers, a Democrat,  said the same thing, and he continues to say it today because he  believes that all of this new spending is going to add to more  overheating of the economy and more inflation.   We don't need that right now. We have inflation that is not  transitory. It, unfortunately, looks like it is very much permanent in  terms of this year and next year, at least.   That is a huge problem because it is the lower-income and middle- income workers who are hurt the worst. It is a tax--a hidden tax. So,  for the people who are seeing wage gains this year, those are being  eaten up, for the most part, by inflation. The annual inflation right  now, based on the last month, is 5.4 percent. So, unless your wage rate  is above that, you are in trouble.   Plus, everything is just more expensive. So gasoline, if you go to  the pump, is 42 percent higher this year as compared to last year--42  percent. Natural gas is expected to be in about that range, about 40  percent higher.   I did some research recently about pumpkins--you know, we are going  into the holiday season this year--for Halloween.   What does a pumpkin cost?   Well, guess what. It costs, on average, 14.7 percent more this year  as compared to last year. Groceries, clothes, your utility bills-- everything is going up. So it is not the time to pump a lot more  stimulus spending into the economy, which, again, people say is going  to lead to higher inflation on everything.   Remember, before the pandemic started, back in February of 2020, we  had a strong economy. We had the 19th straight month then of wage gains  of over 3 percent every month for 19 months. Exactly what we wanted-- right?--were wages going up. We had the lowest poverty rate in the  history of our country since we started keeping track of it back in the  1950s. We had the lowest unemployment rate ever for certain groups in  our economy--Hispanics, Blacks. We had the lowest unemployment ever,  overall, for the last 50 years. So things were going pretty well.   Yet, now, when we look at what is happening, we are not seeing these  wage increases. In fact, on average, when you take inflation into  account, they say that during the Biden years, during the Biden  administration over the last several months, wages have gone down an  average of 1.9 percent largely because, again, of this inflation.   The legislation also includes big tax increases so it is not just  about more spending; it is also about tax increases to pay for the  spending. In recent days, it has come out that some of these tax hikes  might not be supported by all Democrats, so they might not be able to  include them all. I suppose, you know, that would be better for the  economy, but as the economy is coming out of the pandemic and growing,  the last thing we want to do is to raise taxes. Again, back in 2017,  when tax reform occurred, it had a lot of good impacts, including,  again, higher wages; we talked about the poverty rate; we talked about  unemployment being low.   Another thing that it did on the global competitiveness side, on the  international side, is that it actually changed the way our economy  worked. Prior to that, you had a number of companies that literally  were voting with their feet and leaving the United States of America  because of the Tax Code. It drove all of us crazy--Democrats and  Republicans alike--that you had companies that were inverting, as they  say, and these inversions meant a company that was a U.S. company one  day became a foreign company the next day.   This happened in Ohio. We had companies leaving Ohio to become Irish  companies, as an example, because they had a lower tax rate, and we had  the highest corporate tax rate of any of the developed countries, of  the countries in the OECD.   That is a terrible thing. Of course, we wanted to stop that, so we  put the reforms in place to say: We are going to lower our rates so our  rate is competitive, and we are going to change the way we tax  internationally.   And guess what. All of the inversions stopped--all of them.   And now, unbelievably, the administration and the Democratic  leadership want to raise those taxes again--once again, to make us  uncompetitive globally. And, again, you will see some companies say,  when they look at the analysis from, you know, their tax experts: Why  are we an American company?   You would hope no company would ever do that, but they were doing it  before 2017. During the Obama administration, at the beginning of the  Trump administration, they were leaving. So we don't want that to  happen again.   In fact, we want our workers and our businesses to be competitive. I  say ``workers'' because, when you raise the business taxes, guess who  takes the hit. Ask the CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, here. What  CBO will tell you, which is a nonpartisan group here in the U.S.  Congress, is that their analysis is that about 70 percent of the  increase in corporate taxes is borne by workers; about 70 percent of  the cut in taxes helps workers--higher wages, higher benefits. The Tax  Foundation has the same analysis. The Joint Committee on Taxation, when  they look at this legislation before us, the 3.5 trillion that was  reported--that was introduced--they said it will raise taxes on middle- income workers, well below 400,000. A lot of that was because of this  issue--because, again, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation up  here in Congress looked at it and said: Well, who is going to bear the  brunt of this? It is going to be workers. So workers' wages are going  to go down if you raise taxes on these individual companies that are  global companies.   So that is what we are facing. Now, again, it looks like there are  going to be some changes in the legislation. I mentioned that the  amount may go down some. I mentioned $2 trillion, still the largest  spending bill ever.   I, also, on the tax front, am told that some of the tax hikes may be  taken out; some of them may be kept in. One that they are talking about  keeping in--that the administration, in particular, seems adamant about  keeping in--I just don't get because it, again, makes our companies  less competitive globally.  [[Page S7329]]    It is a complicated provision in the international tax code. It is  called the global intangible low-taxed income, also known as GILTI.  What does GILTI say?   Well, when we changed our Tax Code back in 2017, we put in place, in  effect, a minimum tax for our companies that do business overseas.   Our competitive countries--countries like ours, developed countries-- for the most part, almost all of them do not tax their companies for  their foreign income. So if a company--I mentioned Ireland earlier-- from Ireland or Germany, whatever, does business over here, their  government doesn't tax them on the income they get from the United  States. It lets the United States handle that.   And we changed our Tax Code to say, well, we are not going to do that  either, but we are going to add a minimum tax no matter what, and that  was called the GILTI tax. It was put in place in 2017 as part of,  again, a broad and successful group of tax reforms that took bold steps  to reassert our competitiveness, and it worked.   They took our rate from 35 percent down to 21 percent, putting it at  about the middle of the developed countries. Now it is actually above  the middle because other countries have gone below us again.   We went to what is called a territorial-type system. So it all  worked.   About over 1.5 trillion was reinvested in America, by the way, from  overseas. So it worked in that sense too. We stopped the corporate  inversions.   But this GILTI, or the minimum tax on foreign income, was put in  place as a way to make sure that foreign income wouldn't be shifted to  low-tax jurisdictions.   Right now, this GILTI rate stands at 13.125 percent. So it is 13  percent, roughly, for American companies. Again, most of our  competitors don't have it at all, but it is 13 percent.   Treasury Secretary Yellen has now worked with countries around the  world to say everybody ought to have a global minimum tax, and she has  made progress on that. So some of these countries that have not had a  minimum tax are now looking at one and to put one in place. The one  that she wants for everybody is 15 percent.   So here we are, globally telling these other countries in the world:  You have to have a global minimum tax of 15 percent. OK. So wouldn't  you think, then, you would want America not to have a tax above that  amount?   No, they want to change the GILTI amount from 13.125 percent to an  effective rate of 17.4 percent. They started off at 21 percent in the  original introduced bill. But even 17.4 percent--why would you want to  put American companies above, again, this global average of 15 percent?  If you are going to require companies to go to 15, why would you want  the United States to be above that? But that is what is being  proposed--believe it or not.   And, by the way, they are saying that we would go ahead and go to  17.4 percent before any other countries in the world would have to do  it--2 years before they would have to do it. Whether they do it or not  is a question.   Let's be honest. Some countries don't want to do it, and they may not  do it. Their legislatures may not let them do it.   But let's assume that they do follow suit. We would be out there 2  years earlier with a higher tax rate on our workers. Remember who bears  the brunt of this tax increase. Our companies would be noncompetitive.  Our workers would be noncompetitive.   So I would hope that, as my colleagues are looking at this--I know it  seems easy: Let's just tax the international companies--that they would  look at what happened in 2017, the positive impacts of that and the  negative if we reverse course and go back and raise our taxes above  what other countries charge.   By the way, to do this would mean nullifying tax treaties that we  have with other countries all around the world because it is a  different way of approaching it. We do not have a minimum tax in place  now. So the tax treaties would have to be amended. That means,  obviously, to me, that you would have to have a tax treaty change here  in America. In other words, you can't change tax treaties just on one  side. It is bilateral. So we would have to change our tax treaties  here.   Treaties have to go through the U.S. Senate. As you probably know,  they have to go through the U.S. Senate, and it is a two-thirds vote to  change a treaty. There is a reason for that. It is part of our checks  and balances to be sure that treaties, which are a very serious  undertaking, are something that you get a strong bipartisan support  for.   And yet my understanding is that the Secretary of the Treasury and  others in the administration are saying that they are not sure that we  have to get this GILTI change or these treaty changes that we have with  other countries through the U.S. Senate. We just might do it through  some other way, administratively or through an Executive legislative  action.   I sure hope they don't do that. That would set a terrible precedent.  It would mean that this whole constitutionally based rule we have with  regard to treaties would be very difficult to uphold in the future for  anything.   Let me be clear. This is bad for workers as well as bad for  companies. The National Association of Manufacturers just did a recent  study, and they found that hiking the GILTI rate in a way we just  talked about could cost up to 1 million U.S. jobs.   Again, CBO here in the Capitol, the Tax Foundation, the Joint  Committee on Taxation--all of them believe this would saddle our  workers with lower wages and lost jobs by making our businesses less  competitive globally.   I am also concerned that the administration is talking about imposing  a burdensome new information reporting requirement that would require  far more information from taxpayers than is needed to enforce our tax  laws. That represents an unprecedented invasion of taxpayer privacy.    You have probably heard about this because it is getting more and  more attention--the so-called $600 limit. Now, this would mean that the  IRS would receive a report from you every year for any expenditure.  Think about an expense or a payment going in or out of your checking  account of $600 or more.   Recently, again, based on a report I saw today, the administration  and Democratic leadership here on Capitol Hill are talking about  changing that $600 to $10,000. So it would be a higher threshold. Now,  that higher threshold is something that most Americans would reach  pretty quickly.   Think about it. Ten thousand dollars a year in total expenditures.  Eight hundred thirty dollars per month is what that is.   So think about that: Do you spend 830 bucks a month on groceries,  gas, clothes, essentials? If you do, then be prepared for the IRS to be  able to look through your tax records in ways they never have before.   Don't get me wrong. I believe enforcing our tax laws is important,  and I am actually one of the Republicans--there may not be many of us-- who believes that the IRS should have more resources for things like  improving their computer system because it is so antiquated.   I spent 2 years of my life studying this. Several years ago I came up  with some reforms out of a commission. We improved it. It needs to be  improved again.   The computer systems they have, both the software and the hardware,  and, frankly, their ability to use them, is way outdated, and it is not  good for taxpayers. It is bad for small business, and it is bad for  individuals because the right hand often doesn't know what the left  hand is doing. So I am for that. I am for better taxpayer service and  providing more funding for that.   But I am not for providing tons more data to the IRS that has nothing  to do with income that is unprecedented that their systems cannot  handle. There is no way that they would be able to handle these  millions and millions of new data that they would be getting from all  of us--hundreds of millions of accounts from financial institutions; e- payment apps, like Venmo; and cryptocurrency exchanges, like Coinbase,  are going to be subjected to more paperwork and confusion if this  happens.   If you have one of the 403 million active PayPal accounts, watch out.  Your personal account information may be sent to the IRS. And, boy,  that is going to result in some confusion at some point.   Again, if you are one of the vast majority of Americans who spend  more than 830 bucks a month on anything,  [[Page S7330]]  then you are going to have to report that.   So there are some people who are pretty smart about this, who have  looked at it and said: This doesn't make sense.   One of them is Steven Rosenthal. He is at the left-leaning Tax Policy  Center. He stated that this would ``bury the agency in a sea of  unproductive information.''   That is how I feel about it. Again, I would like to have the IRS be  better in terms of what they could do with technology and be able to  handle their job better to be able to ensure that every taxpayer gets a  fair shake, because sometimes, right now, again, the left hand doesn't  know what the right hand is doing because their computer system is so  antiquated--software, hardware, everything. But as he said, they can't  handle the data they have.   Mark Everson, who is a former IRS Commissioner, wrote a really  interesting op-ed that I read yesterday. He wrote that this proposal  would ``prove all but impossible for the IRS to handle and engulf the  service in a damaging political firestorm.'' That is from Mark Everson.   By the way, Mark Everson wants to give the IRS more money to improve  their computer systems. He thinks there is not enough enforcement with  regard to partnerships right now, as an example, or he thinks taxpayer  service should be improved. So he is not someone who says we should  starve the IRS, but he is saying: Don't do this. Don't do this, add  this new information reporting that is not information about income and  that the IRS is not going to be able to handle, and it is an intrusion  into our lives that is unnecessary.   That is in the legislation.   So, again, I have come down to the floor here every week since the  original introduction of this tax-and-spend legislation we have talked  about today. This is the sixth straight week that I have come to the  floor. When we are in session, every week, I am going to come--continue  to come--as long as this bill is out there, because I want the American  people and my colleagues to know what is in this legislation and why it  would be so damaging to our country right now.   And, again, I distinguish the infrastructure bill--good for the  economy, the right thing to do to counter inflation; something every  President in modern times has tried to do, by the way, for good reason.  Let it stand on its own. It should be voted on, on its own merits.  Don't entangle it with this tax-and-spend legislation that is reckless,  at a time of rising inflation and higher debts and deficits, at a time  when our economy is finally getting on its feet. Let's not add job- killing tax hikes. Let's not add this massive new spending.   It is in our national interest to move forward with regard to the  infrastructure bill, and it is in our national interest to stop the  reckless tax-and-spend legislation.   I yield the floor.   