 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration  of S. 3263 and the Senate then proceed to its immediate consideration.  I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, the crisis at the U.S. southern  border is raging out of control.   Last week, I traveled down to the southern border to hear from local  leaders, law enforcement, and our brave Border Patrol agents in Yuma,  AZ. I saw the border at night and during the daylight hours with  Arizona Department of Homeland Security Director Tim Roemer, Yuma  County Sheriff Leon Wilmot, Yuma Mayor Doug Nicholls, and County  Supervisor Jonathan Lines. I got to talk with Border Patrol in Arizona  and heard from them about how hard this job has become thanks to Joe  Biden's radical open border policies.   Let me just say that these men and women who work at the Border  Patrol are our absolute heroes. In Yuma, Border Patrol agents are  encountering illegal immigrants every day, some of whom are dangerous  criminals, traffickers, drug cartel members, or even terrorists. Others  are families who have been victimized by the cartels. I encountered a  family from Haiti while I was there. I watched them cross the border  through a massive hole in the border wall caused by Joe Biden's  decision not to complete the already paid-for wall--not to complete an  already paid-for wall.   These families are victims of the cartels. Once in America, many of  them live a life of indentured servitude and debilitating debt in which  they have to send nearly all of their money back to the savage cartels.  Many of the children are trafficked, made to pose as the children of  people they don't know. We know that so many women and children who  make this journey are brutally victimized and raped, but, still, the  cartels push these families across the border. It is all just money to  them, and Joe Biden's actions are making the cartels richer.    I saw it firsthand last week. Dozens of migrants crossed into our  country right in front of me while I was in Yuma, and we could see the  savage coyotes watching them from across the river. That is what our  brave Border Patrol is up against each and every day. There are about  200 Border Patrol agents across the entire Yuma Sector, but that same  area is seeing more than 700 illegal crossings every day.   It is sad how many of our Democrat colleagues don't give these brave  agents the respect they deserve, and they certainly are not getting it  from the White House. So I want to be clear here on the floor of the  U.S. Senate: In America, we respect our Border Patrol, we respect law  enforcement, and we are incredibly thankful for their hard work and for  their bravery. This was not my first time visiting the border since  being elected to the Senate, but it was definitely the worst I have  ever seen it.   Secretary Mayorkas testified in the Homeland Security Committee that  the border is closed. He said the border is closed. He is, maybe, the  only person in America who is going to say that. No one in this country  believes the border is closed, and it is clearly not. I saw it with my  own eyes, and many of the Members of this Chamber have seen it also.  Secretary Mayorkas has repeatedly lied to me and to other Members, and  he must resign now.   Just this fiscal year, there have been 1.7 million illegal border  crossings. That is the highest ever on record. That means that, by the  end of this year, about 1 out of every 150 people in this country will  have come here illegally--this year.   In Florida, we are an immigration State, and we are very proud of it.  We love immigration. It has helped build our State, but it has to be  legal.   Illegal immigration threatens our safety, undermines our legal  process, and hurts those who are waiting to come here through legal  channels. But under Biden's system of open borders and illegal  immigration, we are seeing dangerous individuals trying to come into  this country.   Of the 1.7 million people apprehended, which does not even include  the getaways, we know that more than 10,000 have criminal records. Now,  if you are not going to be apprehended and you try to get away, are you  probably more inclined to have some past record that you don't want the  Border Patrol or law enforcement to know about? There are 10,000 of the  ones apprehended who have prior criminal records. Nearly 1,200 have  prior convictions of assault or domestic violence. There are 2,100 who  have prior drug convictions. Nearly 500 have prior sexual abuse  offenses. And the Biden administration can't even tell us where they  are. They can't tell us where any of these individuals are, anything  about what has happened to them, if they are being held or if they have  been deported--nothing.   I want to be clear: These are dangerous criminals who can harm our  families--American families--and even one is too many.   Along with those border crossings, our Border Patrol agents have  seized more than 11,000 pounds of fentanyl in the last year--11,000  pounds. That is four times as much as was confiscated in 2019. Now,  let's think about this: 2 milligrams of fentanyl is a lethal dose--2  milligrams--and 1 pound is enough to kill nearly a quarter of a million  people. If you do the math, just the amount the Border Patrol has  confiscated this year is enough to kill 2.5 billion people. There are  100,000 Americans who have died of drug overdoses this year; 100,000  Americans are dead because of drug overdoses just this year. That is 1  out of every 3,000 Americans. It is hitting Florida and every community  across this country. Floridians, like everyone in this country, want to  live in safe communities where their families can thrive and prosper.   Where is Joe Biden? He is missing. He is hiding from the crisis he  created. I heard him say recently that he hasn't had time to get to the  border. He didn't have time to get to the border. Well, I hope he  enjoyed his vacation in Nantucket last week and had plenty of ice  cream.   What makes you even more angry is that, while drugs and illegal  immigrants are flowing in, Secretary Mayorkas has the audacity to come  to the Homeland Security Committee and tell us that the border is  closed when it clearly is not. It is shameful, and Secretary Mayorkas  should resign.   Simply holding Mayorkas accountable isn't going to solve this crisis.  We need to do more to make sure our laws are being upheld. This crisis  and the administration's refusal to do anything about it is why I have  introduced the Upholding the Law at Our Border Act. This simple bill  would require the inspector general of the Department of Homeland  Security to investigate the vetting and processing of migrants  apprehended along the southwest border and ensure that all laws are  being upheld.   It is a simple question that the inspector general can and should  answer: Is the Biden administration following all of the laws with  respect to immigration at the U.S.-Mexico border?   My colleague said he wanted to change the immigration laws. In the  meantime, you enforce the laws. When I was the Governor of Florida, I  had to enforce all of the laws whether I liked them or not. That is  exactly what the Border Patrol should be doing right now and what the  Biden administration should be doing right now.   It is the kind of question everyone in this body should be interested  in: Is the executive branch doing its job in following and enforcing  the laws that the legislative branch has passed?  [[Page S8849]]    When the executive branch doesn't enforce those laws, they should be  held accountable.   This was a simple bill to find out if the Department of Homeland  Security is following all of the laws. It is pretty simple: Follow all  of the laws in place as they relate to immigration and customs  enforcement on our southern border. Yet my colleague objected to  finding out just this basic information.   There is clearly a crisis on the border, and we all know it. Instead  of ensuring that the laws that this body has passed are being enforced  and doing something about the influx of drugs that are killing American  citizens and traffickers coming into our country, my colleague wants to  hear nothing about it.   There were 100,000 Americans who died of overdoses this last year.  Every person who dies of an overdose impacts a family. It seems the  Democrats in Washington would rather stick their heads in the sand and  pretend that nothing is wrong.   I want to ask my Democratic colleagues: How do you explain 100,000  lives lost in drug overdoses to a parent who just lost a son or a  daughter, and how do you explain Biden's decision to open our borders  to our brave Border Patrol agents?   Our Border Patrol agents have no idea why these decisions are being  made. I wonder if any of my Democratic colleagues has talked to a  family who has lost a son or a daughter to a fentanyl overdose or has  talked to a member of Border Patrol recently. Or do they just have to  follow the lead of the ``open borders'' Biden, and they can never  object to whatever Biden wants and can ignore our laws and our law  enforcement?   We have already seen that Joe Biden's policies of open borders and  amnesty have been a total disaster for our Nation. He has laid out the  welcome mat for traffickers and cartel members and has ignored U.S.  laws that are designed to keep American families safe--to keep American  families safe--including not fully enforcing title 42.   It is clear that law enforcement in Yuma and across our southern  border need help, and every day that Joe Biden and Secretary Mayorkas  fail to provide it, they fail the American people. Secretary Mayorkas  doesn't work for Joe Biden. He works for the American people, and he  needs to do his job and secure this border.   It is a shameful decision to forsake the responsibility the American  public has entrusted to Members of this body and to this executive  branch. Enforce the law. It is a decision to stand against our Border  Patrol agents and our law enforcement, who are putting their lives on  the line every day to keep dangerous drugs and violent criminals from  entering this country. That is their job, and they need help in doing  it.   We can't let this stand any longer, because the American people  deserve better than having 100,000 people, this last year, dying of  drug overdoses.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a  quorum.   