 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding his  time.   Mr. Speaker, we are all seeing gas prices soar--35 percent since  January, since this administration took office. Whereas, what this  administration inherited, under President Trump, was low and affordable  energy costs and our Nation had actually achieved energy independence.  There was record low unemployment numbers across all demographics. And  prior to COVID, the average hourly wage earnings rose at the fastest  rate in decades.   So what has changed? Well, what has changed is a reversal of those  policies that work. Unfortunately, President Biden has proved that he  is far more concerned with appeasing the fringe left-wing environmental  extremists in his party than he is in helping the average American by  lowering energy costs and creating good-paying jobs.   So with prices continuing to soar and massive labor shortages, it  only makes sense that we should be doing the right kinds of things to  get people back to work. And make no mistake, Biden's reckless energy  policies have consequences.   I know I hear all the time from veterans in my district who literally  are having to make the choice between driving 45-plus miles to a  veteran's clinic or trying to have enough money to survive.   However, on day one, President Biden celebrated the canceling of the  Keystone Pipeline and eliminated tens of thousands of jobs and millions  of dollars for our economy. And yet, yesterday, the Biden  administration gave the green light to finishing Russia's pipeline  going down to Germany.    This is the height of hypocrisy. Are you kidding me? That we are not  going to allow our own country to have a pipeline, but we are going to  approve it for Russia? That pipeline with Russia is literally going to  give billions of revenue to the Putin regime, and the completion  thereof is going to cause our allies in Europe to have to rely more  heavily on Russian oil. We are the ones who ought to be selling  American oil to Europe, not enabling their reliance upon the Kremlin.   Under President Trump, we had a policy where America was first. It  appears under this current administration that America is last. And I  will just repeat this: This is what we have:   Under President Biden, sanctions against Russia are canceled and they  build a pipeline. Under President Biden, he cripples our own economy by  canceling Keystone.   It is time for us to get back to work.   