 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, we learned of the tragic  passing of a much loved member of the Senate family.   Jean Rounds was an impressive and active public servant who served  the people of South Dakota in many ways, including as their first lady;  who served a large and tight-knit family as mother and grandmother; and  who, for our colleague, Senator Mike Rounds, was, quite simply, the  center of his world.   The life Mike and Jean built together was a partnership founded on  faith, service, and love. By all accounts, Jean's bravery, Mike's  devotion, and the loving care of their family in the face of a terrible  illness made their inspiring example shine even brighter.   So the Senate is united in our grief. We will continue to hold our  friend Mike and the entire Rounds family close in our thoughts and  prayers in the difficult days that lie ahead.    This has become an almost weekly routine--my friends  on the other side trying to give Washington unprecedented power over  how Americans cast their vote.   We don't have time to do the NDAA or an appropriations process, but  we always have time for a few more of these stunts. In many of these  bills, congressional Democrats propose to make themselves into a  national board of elections.   Today, there is a small difference. They want, instead, to hand that  power to Attorney General Merrick Garland; different branch of  government, same bad idea.   I just want to add one observation from last night. Governors' races  and State legislative seats weren't the only  [[Page S7701]]  things on the ballot last night. Yesterday, the deep blue State of New  York--New York, the home of the Senate majority leader--had two of  America's signature proposals for weaker elections actually on the  ballot as ballot measures. Citizens got to vote directly on whether to  open the door to two changes that the politicians wanted: same-day  registration and no-excuse absentee voting, on the ballot in New York  yesterday.   And as of the latest tally a few minutes ago, both proposals were  losing. They currently are both losing about 60/40. Even in deep blue  New York, citizens appear to be rejecting the Democrats' demands for  weaker elections.   So I think there is only one question left: Where will the Mets and  Yankees end up now?   Surely Major League Baseball can't let them stay in New York after  this.   I urge a no vote.   