 Madam President, I had hoped to be standing here today  making a statement in support of the bill before us. For weeks,  Chairman Leahy and I, along with chairs and ranking members of the  subcommittees of the Appropriations Committee, worked cooperatively to  produce a bipartisan package--a package that includes a continuing  resolution to keep the government operating, as well as, two, emergency  supplemental funding for disaster relief, and, three, to support those  who needed rescuing following the President's hasty withdrawal from  Afghanistan.   Bipartisan support for anything is a rare commodity around here.  Senator Leahy and I know that. But we have experienced bipartisan  support with each other in the past, and it works. It is something that  should be embraced and, I hope, emulated.   We nearly got our work done, as appropriators so often do, but larger  forces intervened. We are not by ourselves here. Leadership on the  other side of the aisle intervened to pursue partisanship over comity  and sabotage over constructive engagement by, I believe, unnecessarily  forcing the debt limit increase into what would otherwise be a  bipartisan package.   The Republican leader, Senator McConnell, has been clear. We will not  support any effort to increase the debt limit. The road to success was  clearly marked; nevertheless, my Democratic colleagues chose to drive  this package right into a ditch rather than embrace a bipartisan path  forward.   This is not complicated. There is a simple solution. Take up and pass  a bill that was negotiated on a bipartisan, bicameral basis, which has  support on both sides of the aisle--a bill that, one, keeps the  government open, which we all want to do; two, provides much needed  disaster assistance to storm-ravaged areas of our country; and three,  delivers the aid necessary to address the Afghanistan withdrawal  crisis. That is S. 2789, the Shelby-McConnell bill--who is here.   If we don't take that path, I believe my colleagues on the other side  of aisle owe the American people some answers here. For example, why  did they--the Democrats--why did they choose to undermine a bipartisan  effort to provide the American people with desperately needed disaster  relief? Yes. And why did they choose to ignore the immediate needs of  Afghans who deserve our support? Why are they threatening to shut down  the government now that we have an alternative that would avoid that  outcome?   This does not have to happen. We know Thursday is the deadline.  Instead of accepting victory, my Democratic colleagues, I believe, are  embracing defeat and creating a new crisis that we all ought to avoid.   It is a perilous path they are putting the country on, but it still  is not too late. Today is Monday. We have a few days left. The majority  can reverse course and put us back on track by immediately passing the  Shelby-McConnell bill. It will keep the government open and provide  much needed emergency funding. This is the bill we should be  considering. I urge the majority to do so.   I yield the floor.   