 I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms.  Hassan), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from  New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms.  Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms.  Hassan), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from  New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms.  Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms.  Hassan), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from  New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms.  Warren) are necessarily absent.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume consideration of the Nelson nomination.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as if  in morning business.    Madam President, the desk behind me is empty at this  moment, but whenever anything important is taking place on the floor,  you will find seated there the dean of the U.S. Senate, Senator Patrick  Leahy of Vermont.   This week, he surprised a number of us by announcing his retirement  at the end of next year.   I have come to know Pat during my service in the Senate. He is a  humanitarian. He is a gifted lawmaker and a  [[Page S8225]]  passionate defender of America's national ideals and, I might add, of  international human rights. Loretta and I count Patrick and his  wonderful wife Marcelle as really good friends.   I have been on the Senate Judiciary Committee, chairing it for a  year. I have more insight into that job than I ever had before, and I  have certainly realized that when Senator Leahy was the chair of that  committee, he wrote an extraordinary record, which many of us only  dream of emulating.   I thank him for his passionate, consistent, faithful support of the  DREAM Act, which I introduced 20 years ago, and his efforts to help me  get this enacted into law. I also appreciated when he gave me the  opportunity to create a new subcommittee in Judiciary entitled the  ``Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law,'' which I chaired. We did  good things for America and the world.   Pat Leahy is known throughout the world, and I mean that literally,  as a defender of human rights and human dignity. I have seen it so many  times.   He and I decided to join forces a few years ago on behalf of a  political prisoner. Her name is Leila de Lima. She is a human rights  advocate and a senator in the Philippines. She is in jail.   Two years ago, Senator Leahy passed an amendment on her behalf in the  State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee. As a result,  strongman Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines banned both Senator Leahy  and myself from entering the Philippines because of our action. I can  tell you that we take great pride in being singled out in that manner.  Duterte knew, as we all know, that when Patrick Leahy sees injustice,  he will use his power in office to put things right.   His service in the Senate has been a great benefit to our Nation, our  world, and his beloved State of Vermont, and we will certainly miss him  when he retires. I will just add, though, watch closely because he is  going to run through the tape. He has a little over a year left in the  Senate, and I am sure he will work for that entire period of time for  the betterment of this Nation and his beautiful Vermont.    Mr. President, this week, the Senate will consider  Jonathan Kanter's nomination to be Assistant Attorney General for the  Justice Department's Antitrust Division.   Mr. Kanter is a distinguished antitrust lawyer with decades of  experience in the public and private sectors. He received his  undergraduate degree from the State University of New York at Albany  and his law degree from Washington University School of Law.   After graduating, he worked as an attorney for the Federal Trade  Commission's Bureau of Competition. He then went on to spend more than  20 years in private practice as an antitrust lawyer. During that time,  Mr. Kanter has become a highly influential advocate for strong and  meaningful antitrust enforcement, with a special focus on the digital  economy.   And he has earned support from across the political spectrum. Nine  former heads of the Justice Department's Antitrust Division-- representing every presidential administration going back to Gerald  Ford--submitted a letter urging the Senate to quickly confirm Mr.  Kanter.   These former leaders of the Antitrust Division wrote: ``Jonathan  Kanter has the talent and the leadership skills to do the job well. . .  . He knows the substance of antitrust. He appreciates its importance to  the American consumer. . . . In short, we believe Mr. Kanter is right  for this important position.''   The members of the Senate Judiciary Committee agree. Mr. Kanter was  voted out of the committee by voice vote, a testament to his bipartisan  support.   With his extensive experience as an antitrust lawyer, deep knowledge  of the law, and masterful understanding of the challenges facing  antitrust law enforcers, Mr. Kanter would be an outstanding addition to  the Justice Department.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting his nomination.    I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms.  Hassan), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), are  necessarily absent.   