 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for  engaging in this debate today.   Mr. Speaker, there is a higher authority than the law of man. Above  the Speaker's podium are the words, in this great Chamber, ``In God we  trust.''   Do we? Do we recognize that the Biblical record is replete with the  violence of man?   Shall my colleagues on the other side of the aisle admit that law  designed to restrict Second Amendment rights and freedoms are but a  veil to conceal the violence of man born since Adam? The firstborn son  of Adam killed his brother in a violent rage. I am rather certain he  did not use a firearm.   The Second Amendment protections that we have as American citizens  shall not be infringed. Remember these words and that they are born of  a nation that recognized our service to our Lord.    Madam Speaker, I am going to attempt to  address the hearts and minds of some of my dear friends across the  aisle, and I do have friends: I respect you, I love you, and I admire  you.   I recognize that we have all lived different lives, but let me  clarify that I have a very personal knowledge of the way the street  works. Criminals are not going to follow these laws.   Madam Speaker, you are talking about 10 days--I can have a 10-minute  override from right here and bring you back an illegal gun.   Do you want one?   A couple of hundred bucks, Madam Speaker, I can get you one.   Madam Speaker, it is not intellectually sound to actually believe in  your heart that restricting the Second Amendment rights and freedoms to  purchase, own, and bear firearms of Americans that will follow the laws  you intend to pass is going to impact the decisions that are made by  criminals on the streets. It is just not reality.   This realm is bizarre. Americans are watching this right now. They  get it. They know the criminals are not going to follow the law. This  is not going to impact the criminal realm.   We have deterioration of our society because of the failure to  embrace core principles and American family values. This is what has  happened over the course of a generation on my watch. I am 59. This has  happened to America as I have matured. I am concerned about the future,  but I am certainly recognizing the core freedoms and principled  protections of the constitutional rights of my children and  grandchildren.   We must not allow that to be deteriorated under the guise of  protecting our citizens from crime. Criminals are not going to  recognize these laws.    Madam Speaker, let's save a life. I am  going to share with my colleagues an actual story going on right now,  because my citizens have my phone number. I have had the same phone  number since 2004. They know they can reach out to me for help.   A young lady, right now, whose property, her yard, her garage, has  been invaded night after night after night by a strange man. He moves  fast. She is a single mom, a 30-year-old woman, hardworking woman,  American.   Many, many years ago, she pled guilty to a minor drug charge. It is  still on her record. She can't buy a gun, but, by God, she is going to  get one. She is going to get one illegally to defend herself and her  young child.  [[Page H1313]]    Your bill would make this story commonplace from sea to shining sea.  I beg for you to stand for the people who we serve and recognize what  you are attempting to do.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   