 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in my lifetime, China has gone from a poor  and isolated country to now accounting for nearly 20 percent of global  gross domestic product. There is no doubt that the ingenuity of the  Chinese people has contributed to this success, but we know the driving  force behind this dramatic rise is the aggressiveness of the Chinese  Communist Party. Its aims can be summed up with four R's: resist,  reduce, replace, and reorder.   China resists American economic influence by manipulating American  businesses and industries and stealing intellectual property. It  reduces internal dissent and free expression of ideas through mass  surveillance and censorship of its own people, and it seeks to exert  its power and influence in the United States. The Chinese Communist  Party intends to replace America as the world's technology leader  through the Made in China 2025 initiative, which seeks to achieve  Chinese dominance in high-tech manufacturing. Finally, it hopes to  reorder international norms and institutions around itself. That is  their vision. That is their strategy. That is their plan.   Now, the Chinese Communist Party's ruling strategy can best be  described as ``win at all costs.'' In other words, they do not play by  the same rules we do. And make no mistake, these ambitions paint an  alarming picture for the United States and our allies.   Former Attorney General Bill Barr said last year: ``It is clear that  the PRC,'' or People's Republic of China, ``seeks not merely to join  the ranks of other advanced industrial economies, but to replace them  altogether.''   In everything from electric cars to advanced robotics, to artificial  intelligence, China aspires to lead global  [[Page S3315]]  production and to dominate global production, and they are throwing  serious money into the effort to get China there. China is expected to  spend $1.4 trillion by 2025 covering investments in everything from 5G  to artificial intelligence.   This is not the time for the United States to be complacent, to sit  back and watch the Chinese Communist Party pursue tech domination. By  the time it has made significant progress, we would be too late. We  need to take action now to ensure that our economy and our military can  continue to outcompete China, and that is precisely what we can achieve  through the Endless Frontier Act.   As Leader McConnell said, a robust amendment process will be critical  to this piece of legislation. As I was discussing with Senator Schumer  this morning, for most Members, this 1,500-page substitute bill landed  on their desks just a little bit earlier this week, so it is going to  take a little time for us to understand and to digest the complexity  and the ambitions, really, I should say, of this bill.   In the coming days, I hope the Senate will vote on amendments from  Members on both sides that will strengthen this legislation and ensure  that it addresses the broad range of strategic threats we are facing.   One of the most urgent priorities is to secure the supply chains of  our most important products. We really learned that from the pandemic.  When the COVID-19 virus hit, starting in China and then spreading  around the world, we learned that China made most of the personal  protective equipment in the world, and thus we were competing with  China and other parts of the world to get access to the personal  protective equipment that our first responders, our frontline  healthcare workers, and others needed in order to be safe. That was one  of the first signs that our supply chains may be vulnerable.   But before any piece of technology becomes usable for its audience,  it includes parts and pieces and materials that literally come from  around the world. This was the theory of globalization: Go wherever  this product can be produced the least expensively. But we didn't count  on pandemics. We didn't count on natural disasters. We didn't count on  the potential for military conflict to jeopardize the availability of  these essential products. Regardless of where a product is finally  assembled and packaged, each of those individual pieces is key to  protecting the supply chains of our most valuable assets.   Right now, supply chains for everything from cars and cell phones to  missile defense, to communication systems are at risk because of one  tiny piece of technology called a semiconductor or a microelectric  chip. It goes by numerous names.   I have shown a floor chart previously, and I will probably bring it  out again sometime here before we are through, but the fact is, the  United States relies heavily on other countries for these essential  advanced semiconductors.   Nearly 90 percent of those chips are made by companies in Southeast  Asia, including Taiwan. As a matter of fact, Taiwan alone produces 63  percent of the world's advanced semiconductors, and we depend on that  sole source for these most advanced microchips. One company, Taiwan  Semiconductor, accounted for more than half of the total foundry  revenues last year, and, as I said, companies in Taiwan control 63  percent of the market.   If for any reason that supply chain was cut off, it would lead to  very, very serious economic and security consequences across our entire  economy. In recent months, we have gotten a glimpse of what this might  look like, particularly when it comes to our car manufacturing  capacity.   At the beginning of the pandemic, automaker suppliers predicted a  drop in car sales, and so they canceled their orders for semiconductor  chips. Semiconductor manufacturers replaced the auto chip capacity with  other in-demand products, like chips for personal computers that kept  kids learning while they were at home or chips that went into  ventilators to keep COVID-19 patients alive. But American consumers  kept buying cars at prepandemic rates, and the carmakers needed to make  up for the chip to meet that demand. Unfortunately, restoring the  production of auto chips is not a quick or easy process. There is a  long lead time, in fact, to manufacturing a single chip, which can take  up to 6 months.    Although chipmakers are filling auto chip orders, we are still likely  to face a shortage that may last throughout the summer. In response,  some automakers have removed certain technology and extra features,  like GPS, from vehicles in order to reduce the number of chips they  need. Others have cut production across the board and laid off some of  their workforce. But as bad as that may sound, it could be much, much  worse.   The squeeze we are feeling now is more or less the result of a  backlog, and we have every expectation that in a few months, things  will return to normal. But what if, instead of a decrease in supply due  to increased demand, the supply was cut off entirely? This is not some  fictional doomsday scenario; it is a real possibility. Our dependence  on other countries for these chips could leave us in a very vulnerable  position if access were suddenly cut off or restricted.   Unlike the supply chain shortages we experienced at the start of the  pandemic for things like PPE, hand sanitizer, and the like, there is no  quick fix here. In order to build a single chip, you need very  expensive and highly advanced equipment. You need the skilled  workforce. And, as I said before, you need quite a bit of time because  it can take months to build a single chip, and that is assuming you  have the facility and all the equipment ready to go.   A couple of weeks ago, I met with executives in Dallas who represent  a full range of businesses and industries impacted by the current chip  shortage. An executive at Qorvo talked about how the process of  building a new chip fabrication facility isn't just expensive; it is  time-consuming. It can take years to receive all of the high- functioning equipment necessary to build advanced microchips. Building  a foundry is a huge undertaking that requires a massive investment. A  single foundry where these advanced semiconductors are built can cost  upwards of $10 to $20 billion--$10 to $20 billion. Indeed, that is the  reason why we are so reliant on Taiwan, because it is a low-cost  provider. Again, we made the mistake of thinking that cost was the only  thing that mattered, as opposed to dependability of our supply chain.  So there is a clear need to bolster our domestic semiconductor  manufacturing.   The United States is not the only country that sees the handwriting  on the wall. Other parts of the world, from South Korea to China  itself, to the European Union, are investing billions of dollars in new  manufacturing capacity. Right now, as I speak, there is one  semiconductor foundry being planned for Arizona by Taiwan  Semiconductor. China is building 17 while we are just getting started  to build 1.   As I said, the European Union is investing huge amounts of money,  about $35 billion; South Korea is investing $65 billion; and China is  investing a whopping $150 billion in semiconductor manufacturing. Other  countries around the world recognize the risks to their economy and  their national security given the current semiconductor manufacturing  landscape.   Our competitors are pouring tens of billions of dollars into boosting  their supplies, and the United States needs to do likewise, which is  why Senator Warner, the Senator from Virginia, and I introduced CHIPS  for America Act last year. The premise of this legislation is  straightforward: to create a Federal incentive program to encourage  chip manufacturing here in the U.S. of A. Rather than rely on  manufacturers in Taiwan or China or compete against other countries for  the limited supply of chips worldwide, let's bolster the supply of  American-made semiconductors. This way, we can secure our most critical  supply chains, create thousands of well-paying American jobs, and boost  our global competitiveness by supplying made-in-America chips to our  friends and allies around the world.   We weren't alone in thinking this is a good idea. In fact, when we  considered the authorization for this CHIPS for America Act in the  Defense authorization bill last December, it passed with a vote of 96  to 4. So it is clear that the entire Senate understands the  [[Page S3316]]  gravity of this issue and its importance. That authorization became law  in January, and now we have the job of fully funding these programs so  they can actually get to work turning over dirt and getting these  foundries off the ground.   The strong support for this legislation on a bipartisan basis shows  that this is a priority for a majority of the Members of this body.  There is no reason these funding programs shouldn't be bipartisan too.   We are already seeing divisions about provisions related to the  payment of a prevailing wage, so-called Davis-Bacon provisions, which  is, frankly, dividing us, which is a moot issue given the current wages  of U.S. semiconductor manufacturing companies. It is a nonissue for  them. Yet some of our Democratic colleagues decided to insert this  divisive issue in this underlying Endless Frontier bill.   We should not allow unnecessary or purely political provisions to  weaken our strong support to our consensus commitment to deal with  these vulnerable supply chains. I am committed to securing funding to  bolster our domestic semiconductor manufacturing, and there have been a  lot of conversations about the most effective way to do so. But let me  be clear. The Davis-Bacon provisions inserted into the committee markup  in the Endless Frontier bill is jeopardizing this funding.   I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle will work with us  in good faith to come up with a compromise that allows this funding to  pass with broad bipartisan support, just like the CHIPS for America  Act. There is a clear and present need and, I might say, a clear and  present danger to the United States.   We need to bolster our domestic semiconductor manufacturing and  secure one of our most vulnerable supply chains. As I said, this is a  matter of both our economic and national security and something far too  important to fall prey to partisan jockeying.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   