 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Senate is considering the nomination  of California Attorney General Xavier Becerra to be Secretary of the  Department of Health and Human Services. Without question, the Senate  should reject this nomination.   In the midst of this pandemic, America deserves a Health Secretary  who is solely--solely focused on getting shots in arms, getting kids  back to school, and getting parents back to work. But that is not Mr.  Becerra.   Over his long career in politics, his primary passion has been  ramming through a radical, far-left agenda and using the power of his  office to persecute his political enemies.   Mr. Becerra would be in charge of administering the Nation's health  programs, but he has virtually no experience or expertise in  healthcare. His only experience responding to the pandemic, as far as I  can tell, has been his enforcement of California's excessive and  traumatizing lockdowns over the last year.   Mr. Becerra has been California's top cop, overseeing the most  draconian and unconstitutional series of lockdowns anywhere in our  country. He has shuttered churches while liquor stores and marijuana  dispensaries remain open. He has destroyed small, family-owned  businesses while enriching massive corporations.   In the false name of public health, he has rigorously enforced  unscientific and unproductive measures that have ruined the lives of  Californians. Today, California's unemployment rate stands at 9  percent--45 percent higher than the national average, nearly two times  higher than our unemployment rate in Arkansas. That is the result of  bad policy. And jobless Californians have Xavier Becerra and Gavin  Newsom to thank for their struggles.   If Mr. Becerra's record as attorney general is any indication, every  American should be alarmed by how this nominee would fight the  pandemic--not with science, compassion, or common sense but with  crushing political force. Few Americans believe that California's  lockdown commissar deserves a promotion. Unfortunately, the Senate may  just give him one.   Mr. Becerra is also a vocal advocate for the socialist takeover of  healthcare  [[Page S1543]]  known euphemistically as Medicare for All. He supports destroying union  healthcare plans, crushing Medicare Advantage, and ultimately taking  away your health insurance on the job, which covers, I would add, 158  million Americans. This disastrous boondoggle would cost $34 trillion  and would inevitably result in the rationing of care, hurting senior  citizens most of all. Medicare for All would, in reality, result in  Medicare for None.   Last year, President Biden acknowledged that Medicare for All would  yield massive tax hikes for middle-class families. Yet Joe Biden  selected a supporter of this disastrous Medicare for All plan to be his  top Cabinet official on healthcare.   And, of course, Mr. Becerra wouldn't be a Biden administration  nominee if he didn't also support open borders. But he has gone further  on open borders than even most of the other Biden administration  officials, saying out loud what so many Democrats silently believe. He  has openly argued for the decriminalization of illegal immigration. He  has even stated with a straight face that illegal immigration does  absolutely no harm at all, directly or indirectly, to American  citizens. If Mr. Becerra really believes that, he is hopelessly naive  and needs to get out a little more.   He can start by talking to the millions of Americans who are out of  work or whose wages have stagnated thanks to competition from illegal  aliens. He could also visit the graves of thousands of Americans killed  by Mexican drugs and terrorized by gangs like MS-13. If confirmed, Mr.  Becerra would oversee our Nation's response to the drug crisis and the  maintenance of many migrant detention facilities. His radical open  borders advocacy would make matters worse on both fronts. It would also  fuel the ever-growing surge of unvetted, untested, and unvaccinated  illegal aliens into our Nation, spreading the coronavirus in our  communities just as it looks like we are about to turn the corner on  this pandemic.    Finally, Mr. Becerra holds opinions on abortion that are  unacceptable, unjust, and far outside the mainstream. As a Member of  Congress, he voted in favor of partial-birth abortion--a disturbing and  deadly procedure performed in the very last stages of pregnancy. As  California's attorney general, he tried to destroy anyone who opposed  his extreme position on this issue. He brought 15 felony charges  against pro-life, undercover journalists who exposed Planned  Parenthood's illegal and disgusting sale of baby body parts--a move  that even the liberal Los Angeles Times called ``disturbingly  aggressive.'' He defended an unconstitutional law that would have  forced pro-life crisis pregnancy centers to advertise for abortions,  the very thing it is their mission to oppose--something that the U.S.  Supreme Court called a ``serious threat'' to freedom of speech.   He even sued to force an order of nuns, the Little Sisters of the  Poor, to purchase healthcare coverage that violated their sincerely  held religious beliefs. And when he was asked about all of this in the  Senate, like any bully, he tried to cover it up, denying that he sued  the Little Sisters at all. If he will sue the Little Sisters, then what  will he do to you and your family?   A few of my colleagues have indicated that they will vote for Mr.  Becerra, despite disagreeing with these radical views. Perhaps they  think those are just his personal beliefs, that he won't practice what  he preaches. Perhaps they think he won't undermine pro-life protections  like the Hyde Amendment and use his office to persecute Catholic nuns.  I would ask those colleagues to look at Mr. Becerra's record, not the  words he utters to get their vote, and then to reconsider their support  because any honest assessment will show that Xavier Becerra is a  partisan cultural warrior who has consistently abused his office to  punish his enemies and to enact far-left policies in Congress and in  California.   If the Senate confirms his nomination, they will be empowering Mr.  Becerra to bring California's lockdowns, lawsuits, and liberal policies  to all of our 50 States, and that would be a disaster for our country.   I will close with a simple request for President Biden, who  campaigned on unity and ending a terrible pandemic: Merely do what you  said you would do. Send us a nominee who will unify the country and  bring consensus, not one who will scrape by on the slimmest of  majorities. Send us a nominee who is actually a healthcare expert, and  the Senate will gladly consider them. Xavier Becerra is not that  nominee, and the Senate should reject his nomination resoundingly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   