 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to honor an  extraordinary public servant. It is my longtime legislative director,  Bryn Stewart.   He is going to be leaving the Senate after a 20-year career of  working on behalf of the people of Wyoming.   He served in this great institution under two different U.S. Senators  from Wyoming. He and his family have deep roots within our State, and  he is a third-generation Wyomingite.   Bryn was born and raised in Sheridan, WY. His father Clyde was a high  school business teacher who also coached basketball and the golf team.  His mother Jerrie worked at the Sheridan Press, our local newspaper.  Both of his parents encouraged him to work hard, to always be  respectful, and, most importantly, to be himself, not to be what others  expected him to be. Well, he has exceeded all expectations, I will tell  you.   Family means everything to Bryn. He is the fifth oldest of seven  children. And while it is Bryn's career that we are here to pay tribute  to today, in terms of his work in the Senate, his older sister Kendall  was the first Stewart sibling to work in the U.S. Senate. She worked  for Wyoming Senator Malcolm Wallop. She then came to work in my own  office in Sheridan, WY, in Bryn's hometown.   It is also important to point out that Bryn's brother Dow also worked  in the U.S. Senate. What a testament to Bryn's parents that so many of  their children were committed to public service.   Bryn took a very different route to the U.S. Senate than his  siblings. After graduating from the University of Wyoming with a  finance degree, Bryn went on to earn his law degree from the College of  Law at the university in 1985.   It turns out that Bryn wasn't the only standout from his class that  year at the University of Wyoming School of Law. My fellow U.S. Senator  from Wyoming, Cynthia Lummis, was Bryn's classmate in the law school,  and the two of them remain great friends to today.   After passing the Wyoming State Bar, Bryn has maintained his  membership in the Wyoming Bar for 36 years.   He moved to Gillette, WY, and he started his career there as legal  advisor to the Campbell County sheriff and deputy county attorney. Now,  I would point out that Campbell County, in Gillette, is the town where  Mike Enzi, my former colleague, had been a representative in the  legislature as well as the mayor. And Mike Enzi also had graduated, as  has Bryn, from Sheridan High School.   Ten years later, Bryn became the director of administrative services  for the Campbell County Board of Commissioners. In that role, Bryn was  able to balance the budget during a major economic downturn without  laying off any employees. This was not an easy achievement.   Now, after more than 16 years of serving the people of Campbell  County,  [[Page S9150]]  Bryn made the move to Washington, DC. He came to DC to work for my  predecessor, Senator Craig Thomas, as his tax and trade counsel. The  person who gets full credit for convincing Bryn to come work for the  U.S. Senate wasn't Senator Thomas; it wasn't me; it was my incredible  wife Bobbi Brown Barrasso who encouraged Bryn to take the job and move  across the country.    Bryn fondly tells the story of how my wife Bobbi, who was then the  State director for Senator Thomas at the time in 2001, reached out to  Bryn about the opportunity that really did change the course of his  life and his career.   Now, she knew that he would be a perfect fit for the job. We are all  very grateful to Bobbi in so many ways but most certainly for  recognizing Bryn's talent and talking him into taking a leap of faith.   Although it turns out a cross-country move wouldn't be the biggest  shock of the journey for Bryn--it is a long way from Wyoming to  Washington--but he was officially offered the job the Friday before the  terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.   Many people would have reconsidered moving to Washington, DC, after  the largest terrorist attack in our country's history, but Bryn didn't  think twice. In fact, it only strengthened his resolve and his  commitment to serve the Nation and the people of Wyoming.   It turns out he would need that resolve because during his first week  in the DC office, the anthrax attacks occurred against our Nation,  against our Capitol, and against a Senate office building. Anonymous  letters laced with deadly anthrax arrived in congressional offices, and  Bryn, like so many staffers on the Hill, was displaced for months into  temporary quarters.   Despite the chaos and the rocky start, Bryn was not deterred, and he  immediately jumped into his legislative role at full speed.   For his first 2\1/2\ years, Bryn served as counsel for Senator  Thomas. He worked on numerous tax and trade bills. Most notably, he  helped draft and pass legislation providing critical relief to drought- stricken livestock producers in Wyoming and across the country. Senator  Thomas was so impressed with Bryn's work that he promoted him to be his  legislative director in 2004.   As you know, legislative directors have a very big job and lots of  responsibility. They guide the entire policy staff in developing and  implementing the Senator's legislative agenda. As a result, legislative  directors must be up to speed on all of the issues.   Bryn recalls one story in particular from his early days as  legislative director directly on this point. During the 2005 energy  bill debate, Senator Thomas was selected to serve on the conference  committee. A week into the committee meetings, Senator Thomas's then- energy legislative assistant was diagnosed with cancer. Never one to  back down from a challenge, Bryn immediately stepped in.   He quickly took over the reins, and he helped Senator Thomas  successfully lead the fight for Wyoming coal and other important energy  resources.    Bryn recounts this experience as one of the highlights of his  legislative career--always ready to help, always ready to act.   In 2007, when Wyoming and the Senate tragically lost Senator Craig  Thomas to cancer, Bryn was central in supporting our entire staff, many  of whom are on the floor today, through an extremely difficult and  emotional time. And when I was selected to fill Senator Thomas's seat,  I asked Bryn to stay on as my legislative director. It is a decision  that I have never regretted.   For more than 14 years, I have been incredibly fortunate to have his  advice and his counsel. We worked together on critical issues that will  have a lasting and positive impact on Wyoming for decades to come. This  includes his great work in helping to pass the Craig Thomas Snake  Headwaters Legacy Act, which was signed into law in 2009.   Bryn was also instrumental in securing the return of Wyoming's  abandoned mine land funds to our State, which is why I have always  referred to him as our hundred-million-dollar man.   Now, these are just a few examples of the work Bryn is most proud of  in his 20-year Senate career.   Bryn's dependability and knowledge made him an indispensable member  of my team. His work ethic and his dedication are legendary. He stays  late; he works weekends; and he does whatever it takes to get the job  done. We often joke in the office that Bryn is the first one in the  ``leg shop'' and the last one to leave. It doesn't matter if it is a  blizzard outside or a global pandemic, Bryn is infamous for not letting  anything keep him from doing the work in the Senate for the benefit of  the people of Wyoming.   While I have talked a lot about Bryn's professional accomplishments,  I also want to highlight the ways that he continues to give back to the  community and give back to others. He makes it his mission to live his  life with a purpose. It is one of the reasons he prioritizes giving  back to the community as much as he can.   One of his biggest passions is supporting organizations focused on  providing food and shelter to those in need. He serves as a member of  the Salvation Army board in his local community. He served in  organizations that build homeless shelters, operate food pantries, and  run low-income energy assistance programs. He is also a member of the  Northern Wyoming Community College Advisory Board in Gillette that  focuses on providing high-quality, postsecondary education to the  people in Campbell County and around Wyoming.   Bryn's departure from the Senate leaves very big shoes to fill. And  while we are all sad to see him go, we are happy to know he is moving  back to where it all started for him, his hometown, Sheridan, WY.   He will be closer to family, also be able to spend time camping,  hiking, and biking through his beloved Bighorn Mountains.   Bryn, Bobbi joins me, along with our entire staff, many of whom are  here on the floor--the current staff, but it is also the past staff,  the present staff--in commending you on a remarkable career of service.   We are grateful that you chose to dedicate your life to helping make  Wyoming and our country a better place to live and a better place to  work.   It is with admiration, appreciation, and respect that I wish you  every success as you embark on this new adventure. And we are not just  saying that because today is your birthday. You will be truly missed.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   