 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am happy to be standing here today on  the Senate floor during an exciting week and one that really provides  us with hope for the future. I welcome President Biden and, of course,  Vice President Harris to their new roles and look forward to their  leadership that they will provide in these difficult times.   We can never forget that America is still in the midst of a deadly  pandemic. Tragically, we lost over 400,000 Americans. In my State of  Illinois, we have seen more than 1 million COVID cases, and 18,398 of  my neighbors and friends in Illinois have died due to this deadly  virus.   As we continue to try to stop the spread of this pandemic, I am glad  that the vaccine rollout has been able to help some in my State-- 537,000 people in Illinois have received vaccines. It is a refreshing  and long overdue sight to have the President and White House fully  engaged in addressing this pandemic with a focus on science and racial  equity.   On his first day yesterday, President Biden signed several important  Executive actions, including instituting a mask mandate for all Federal  facilities and buildings.   Secondly, he moved to rejoin the World Health Organization. This was  one of the most confounding decisions by the Trump administration. In  the midst of a global pandemic, President Trump opted to remove the  United States from the World Health Organization, which was focusing on  the spread of this pandemic and its impact on nations around the world.   Finally, President Biden created an office to coordinate a national  response to the pandemic. Today he is outlining a strong plan to  provide a national strategy to liberate us from this threat.   I must say that I was disappointed in the transition when at first  President Trump refused to acknowledge that he lost the election, and  then his Agencies dragged their feet when it came to informing the  Biden administration of the status quo in America. Thus,  [[Page S81]]  today, we learn that we were not as prepared as we should have been  when it came to distributing the vaccines that were being manufactured  across this country. Now we almost have to start from zero to find a  way to meet President Biden's challenge of 100 million Americans  vaccinated in the first 100 days that he is in office. I pray that he  is successful. We should do everything in our power on both sides of  the aisle to give him the resources and the cooperation he needs.    The fact sheet of things that will be done by the Biden  administration on COVID-19 is lengthy and impressive. The President, on  the first day, established a White House COVID-19 Response Office and  Coordinator, as I mentioned, required mask wearing and social  distancing in Federal facilities, and rejoined the World Health  Organization.   Today, President Biden also unveiled a national strategy to leverage  Federal resources. It outlines detailed plans for a comprehensive  vaccination strategy. If there was cheering--and there should have  been--for the Warp Speed project developing successful vaccines in a  short period of time, it was followed by some disappointment that even  with these vaccines and the knowledge of how to make them, we are not  producing them in the quantities necessary, and we are not addressing  the logistics of spreading these vaccines across America where they are  needed the most.   The President is setting out to restore trust by leading with experts  for public outreach, and he is relying on science. That is refreshing.  It is hard to imagine something that basic is as refreshing as it is.  He is providing resources and guidance to reopen most K-8 schools in  100 days. Wouldn't that be a blessing? There isn't a parent or  grandparent in this country who won't cheer that particular goal. He is  addressing supply gaps and State capacity. We are finding them  virtually all across the United States. And he is focusing on  vulnerable populations, including those in long-term care facilities  and communities of color.   To implement this plan, President Biden will sign Executive orders  today to direct agencies to exercise all authorities, including the  Defense Production Act, to accelerate the manufacturing and delivery of  vaccination, testing, and medical supplies. Let me say, I have never  understood why President Trump refused to use this Defense Production  Act to its full capacity, to use his leadership as President to marshal  the resources of production and distribution of vaccines and other  absolutely necessary medical devices.   President Biden also is directing FEMA to increase Federal  reimbursement to States from 75 to 100 percent for emergency supplies,  such as PPE, and National Guard personnel. He is establishing a Healthy  Equity Task Force to provide recommendations on how to allocate and  address racial and ethnic disparities that have been magnified by this  crisis   We know the economic damage of this virus continues to linger. Nearly  one in four people in my State in renter households reports being  behind on rent, and one in three households reports having difficulty  just covering usual household expenses.   We continue to see historic numbers of Americans filing for  unemployment, including more than 100,000 people in Illinois who  applied for unemployment last week. But to fully address the health and  economic toll of the pandemic, Congress needs to build upon the work we  did in December and heed the call of the $1.9 trillion plan that  President Biden outlined last week.   I was part of a bipartisan group of Senators who met several months  ago. We talked about following on the CARES Act with some measure of  COVID relief. We proposed a plan of $908 billion, which was then  embraced by the leaders on both sides of the aisle and the White House,  and they negotiated further. That resulted in the measure we passed  just a few days ago. But make no mistake, that was not the end of the  story, nor did we envision that it would be. This was done on a  temporary emergency basis to cover the first quarter; that is, the  first 3 months of this calendar year. I pray that this pandemic and all  of the problems it has caused will soon be gone, but I doubt that it  will happen in the next 3 months.   We have more work to do, and President Biden knows it. I think we all  do. We need to come together again on a bipartisan basis.   The first CARES Act passed the Senate by a vote of 96 to nothing.  There were no dissenting votes. The second measure, I believe, had 91  or 92 votes in favor of it. So we have shown real bipartisanship. We  can't quit on this challenge.   Janet Yellen has been named as the Treasure Secretary designate by  President Biden. I had a conversation with her 2 weeks ago. We talked  about the perilous state of the economy. It is naive for us to believe  that the worst is behind us. We have to face the reality that we may  have darker days ahead, and we have to be prepared to deal with them-- first, with the pandemic and, second, with the economy. Even the  Chairman of the Federal Reserve has encouraged us not to take our foot  off the accelerator, lest we lapse into a recession or worse.   Let's take this seriously. Let's help the businesses, help the  workers, help the families, and do our best to get this economy back on  its feet.   Illinois has spent $843 million in our health departments to expand  testing and vaccine delivery from the December package. But with half a  million people vaccinated so far in a State of 13 million, more  resources and support are needed. That means providing the $20 billion  for vaccine distribution and $50 billion for testing that President  Biden has asked for as part of his rescue package so we can finally,  once and for all, crush this virus, get the economy back on its feet,  and get our kids back in school.   It also means investing in the health workforce, such as through a  bill I have introduced with Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida,  to provide scholarship and loan repayment through the National Health  Service Corps for doctors and nurses to serve in communities with a  shortage of providers.   I say to the Presiding Officer, I am sure you are personally aware  that there are fewer African-American doctors in the United States  today than there were 10 years ago. I am sorry to report that. It  should be just the opposite. We should have so many more, for many  reasons, not the least of which is to overcome health inequity.   This scholarship program that Senator Rubio and I are proposing  builds on the model of the National Health Service Corp, which tracks  young doctors to come and serve in underserved areas and to help  underserved populations, and then helps pay off their student loans. We  take this approach: Keep that; it is good. Expand it where we can, but  let's look at another aspect. What if we provided scholarship  assistance and really directed it toward minority candidates to become  doctors and dentists and nurses and healthcare professionals? All of  those aspects would be encouraged if people knew that they had a  scholarship through the National Health Service and the promise that  they would serve where they were needed after they graduated. We hope  this will be included in any measure that is passed in the near future.   The President's plan sets out additional relief measures that will  float to those in need. I am especially encouraged by making the child  tax credit fully refundable. That is going to benefit 1 million kids in  my State.   Also, the Biden plan aims to safely open schools, businesses, and  travel while protecting workers in these areas and committing to  protecting our most vulnerable populations.   I am ready to continue pushing for COVID relief. The job isn't  finished by any means. We must provide American families and workers  the tools they need to survive in this difficult economic time.   As Chair Yellen said earlier this week, ``Without further action, we  risk a longer, more painful recession now--and long-term scarring of  the economy later.''   Let's do this, America. Let's do it together. Let's let the spirit of  unity that we saw on the West Front of the Capitol yesterday bring us  together here in the Senate and the House in a joint effort to help the  American people with the resources they need to survive this pandemic  and this lengthy financial hardship.  [[Page S82]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of the quorum.   