 Mr. Speaker, the violence at the Capitol last week has  been condemned by Republicans, Democrats, and President Trump. So, I  wonder: Why are the Democrats stoking the fire instead of dousing the  flames?   This 25th Amendment resolution is actually similar, with some  differences, to the proposal filed in October of this year by the same  Representative and joined by 42 Democrats. The problem at that time is  they were trying to get this commission together. This time, they want  the Vice President to invoke the other portion of article 4. But the  problem, of course, is that the Vice President sent a very lovely  letter to them, saying he is not going to do that.   Our Nation is divided. While folks on the left are trying to lay this  all on President Trump, you should consider a few statements from  colleagues across the aisle.   One of our colleagues at one point said: ``If you see anybody from  that Cabinet,'' meaning Mr. Trump's Cabinet, ``in a restaurant, in a  department store, at a gasoline station, you get out and you create a  crowd. And you push back on them, and you tell them they are not  welcome anymore, anywhere.''   Senator Booker called for his supporters to: ``Go to the Hill today.  Get up and please get up in the face of some Congresspeople.''   I have dozens more similar statements. But what we are talking about  here today is a resolution, asking the Vice President to invoke the  25th Amendment and get the Cabinet together to remove this President.   What that does, it is basically doing what Democrats wrongfully  claimed President Trump did on January 6. It pours gas on the  smoldering embers, which consist of tens of millions who believe the  integrity of the election was questionable. They feel disenfranchised.  And quite frankly, they are more angry than aggrieved.   Some believe that by doing this, it is going to be healing. I heard  this gentleman say this in the Rules Committee, that doing this would  be healing. Yet, the Vice President said he is not going to do that. If  this resolution is to ask the Vice President to invoke this 25th  Amendment, if this is what the purpose of this is, to ask the Vice  President, then the purpose is now null.   But I suggest to you it looks like, it would appear like, if we are  going to proceed on, even after you received the answer that you are  seeking, and it is disapprobation of your idea, that the only thing  that could be left is to pour gas on the fire.    I am asking that cooler heads prevail here. This is not necessary.  Don't let this get in the way. Just to parrot the last speaker, I am  asking friends across the aisle: Don't do this.   