 Mr. Speaker, I think it says everything about Jerry Lewis  if you look at who has come to speak on his behalf. We have had the  Speaker and the majority leader of the House from the other party. You  have a man he squared off against twice for the chairmanship of the  full committee. You have colleagues on both sides. It tells you he was  a very unusual man with very broad appeal.   I first met Jerry Lewis as a staffer. I was the new executive  director of the NRCC, and I got a call out of the blue from one of the  most important Republicans in Congress who said, ``Hey, have you got  time to come over and meet?'' I thought, ``Boy, I am either in trouble  or something is serious and big.'' It turns out that his deputy chief  of staff, Letitia White, was married to the brother of a good friend of  mine. They happened to meet at the wedding, and he said, ``Hey, there  is this kid from Oklahoma coming up. You need to get to know him.''   Jerry Lewis was the kind of guy who reached out to you no matter  what. We became firm friends from there, long before I was in this  institution. I used to bring people by, particularly clients who were  running for Congress, to meet him because he always helped them and  always gave them good advice.   Then, by happenstance, I had the opportunity to come to the Congress  of the United States. The first person who helped me was Jerry Lewis,  and the first person who gave me good advice said, ``Tom, become an  appropriator if you possibly can.'' It was Jerry Lewis. Then, he helped  me get to that spot.   He was the ranking member, our Republican leader on the committee,  and guided the decisions I made in terms of what positions I would  choose, where I would go, and what subcommittees I would serve on. I  always got great advice, always got tremendous help. There was always  wisdom in any observation that he had.   Like my friends, I am going to miss him very, very much. I extend my  sympathies to Arlene and the family, but this institution lost a great  champion. We lost a great American.   God bless him wherever he is now. Actually, I know where he is now.  God bless him.   