 Mr. Speaker, I want to cut to the chase this evening. It  is a story I don't really tell much, but when I was 16 years old, I was  held up at gunpoint. I was coming home from basketball practice, and it  was dark. Frankly, they just came right out of a bodega on the corner.   When I got home, the first thing my mother did--well, first, she  tried to stop me from going back after the people who robbed me because  I was very upset. I was 16 and I was robbed and I was angry. But then  she called the police, and they came promptly and they did everything  they could to try to find the people who assaulted me.   You see, in community after community across our country, the police  are the ones who stand in the gap between law-abiding citizens and  those, frankly, who are criminalized, who were assaulted, where some  damage is caused to that person.   The police are the ones in our communities. They patrol the streets.  They try to keep our neighborhoods safe. They are the ones who put  their lives on the line every single day, who may not go home. They are  the ones who are the pillars of every community in our great country.   So on National Police Week, the number one thing we need to learn not  just on this specific week, but in every week, is that we need to show  them the necessary honor and respect that they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, we have all seen the videos that get thrown in front of  us. We have seen the handful of acts that all Americans find  distasteful. But the uniform, that badge, the officers that serve every  day, they serve our communities with honor and with distinction. So it  is really my pleasure and my honor to honor all those officers,  including the ones in this very Capitol, who protect us every single  day.    All Americans need to remember that, that when times get tough, and  you really need help, 911 is right there, and our officers show up and  they are always ready to protect and serve.    The inflation report came out this morning, 4.2 percent  increase in inflation. You have got to ask yourself what happened and  how did it happen so fast?   Well, one of the key things we are seeing in this economy is very  clear. What we are seeing is that the pool of workers is actually quite  small compared to the demand for product from people who, frankly, have  been locked down for over a year who are ready to go out and spend a  lot of money that they have saved, get back to normal life, but there  aren't the necessary workforce in order to produce the level of goods  that the economy is demanding. So then, of course, the price of every  individual unit is now going up because you have a scarcity of supply.   How did this happen? Well, when this body passed a coronavirus  spending bill, or the American Rescue Plan or however you want to call  it, when we put in an additional payment of direct checks to  individuals, not to mention extended unemployment benefits that are 100  percent to what their wages were before the pandemic, and you let that  run through the later part of this year, you are going to see exactly  what we have seen all across America.   You have seen too many workers not filling their shifts. I will give  you an example. I was at a McDonald's drive-through, 24-hour drive- through in my district about 12:30 in the morning. I was hungry. The  first drive-through I went through, there was nobody there working.  They cordoned off the drive-through. Has anybody in America ever seen a  McDonald's 24-hour drive-through closed? It was closed because nobody  was there.   The second McDonald's I went to, there was one worker in the shop. He  said, ``It is going to take me 30 minutes to fill your order because  nobody else is here, and I am making breakfast for the morning  shifts.''   We have to pull back some of these benefits. We have to, because the  way you miss a jobs report by 750,000 jobs is by paying people to stay  home. That is not working for our economy. It is not working for our  small businesses, and we are starting to see the effects in inflation,  and it is only going to get worse unless we act swiftly here in the  Nation's Capitol.   