 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, my friend,   Gregory Meeks of New York, for yielding  and for his leadership on this issue.   I also thank the ranking member, my friend and colleague,   Michael  McCaul of Texas, for his support and leadership. I also thank the  longtime leader of this cause, Representative Chris Smith, for his  support. I thank them both for their bipartisan support.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 124.   Today marks just over 8 months since an openly fraudulent  presidential election took place in Belarus. In that time, Belarusians  have made it clear by marching in the street en masse, with a  pronounced leadership of brave women, that they want and need democracy  in Belarus.   Despite the peaceful nature of these events, protestors have been  beaten and arrested, and opposition leaders have either been forced out  of the country, like Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya; or jailed, like Maria  Kalesnikava.   This resolution, inspired by the courage of those taking to the  streets to defend democracy, makes it clear to the people of Belarus  and to the international community that the United  [[Page H1937]]  States House of Representatives has reviewed the facts and determined  that the 2020 Belarus presidential election was neither free nor fair,  and that Alyaksandr Lukashenka cannot and must not be recognized as  Belarus's legitimate president.   The resolution also strongly condemns the heinous human rights  violations that have been committed by Belarusian authorities and  underlines that Belarus is a sovereign nation, whose people have the  right to self-determination.   As chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Europe,  Energy, the Environment and Cyber, I held a hearing in March, where we  heard firsthand from presidential candidate Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya  about the unprecedented violence and verbal, physical, emotional, and  sexual assault of peaceful protestors. In their fight for democracy,  the Belarusian people have endured unprecedented repression and many  protestors have been left severely wounded, and at least eight have  been murdered by this reprehensible regime.   Madam Speaker, this resolution is a vital signal of support for the  democratic movement in Belarus, that their sacrifice will not be  forgotten, and their calls for recognition will not go unanswered.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this resolution and send  a clear message that the United States is paying close attention to the  human rights situation in Belarus and will continue to support the  people of Belarus in their fight for a new, free, and fair election.   