 Madam President, there is a problem with the Paycheck  Protection Program. It passed with overwhelming bipartisan support last  December, but the implementation has been botched.   Let me explain what I mean. If you are a small business owner, if you  are an individual that is a sole proprietor of what is called a  schedule C, if you had major issues in trying to be able to cover your  employment last year, you would turn in--make a request for the  Paycheck Protection Program. It was extended in December of last year  for only the hardest hit businesses, those that had a 25-percent loss  or more. Those businesses could not survive into the next year.   So we extended it out and allowed them to be able to get additional  time and an additional couple of months of payroll to be able to make  sure they make it. Now, for these extremely small businesses, these  sole proprietors, and these individuals who are out there, this means  just them or sometimes them and one other person whom they are actually  covering the expenses for. These are not our megabusinesses. These are  our backbone small businesses. This is the truckdriver in Oklahoma.  This is the piano teacher in Oklahoma. These are folks who are actually  trying to be able to make a living the best way they know how.   When it was passed in December, the Small Business Administration  interpreted that rule to say you can only use your net expenses for  that--your net expenses. Then, in March, the Small Business  Administration reinterpreted that and said: No, you could use your  gross expenses on that.   Now, for a lot of folks, they would say: What is the difference on  that?   Well, the difference is usually about $5,000 or $10,000. That is an  enormous difference. And for some folks in this room, $5,000 or $10,000  may not be very much, but it is a lot more for that truck driver and  that piano teacher.   So the logical thing for the Small Business Administration to do  would be to say: OK. We changed the rule in March from what it was  earlier so let's make it retroactive. Then folks who apply early, the  most desperate folks, could actually still get the difference.   But that is not what happened. The Small Business Administration  said: No, if you received the loan earlier, you received the smaller  amount. If you waited and applied later, you get the larger amount.   It is the exact same type of business, exact same situation, but  basically the Small Business Administration said: This is too  complicated to go back and redo this. So we will just allow folks who  applied early, the most desperate, to get the least, and folks who  applied later to get more.   We are bringing an amendment that would just fix that and would allow  the folks who applied early, the most desperate folks, to be able to  get the same level of help as the folks that applied later.   So, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order for  me to offer my Amendment 1402.    Madam President, I do want to thank my friend from  Maryland. This is an important issue. It does need to be resolved. It  has not had enough attention on this. As he and I talked about it the  last several days, and several others joined in, this deals with  partnerships, whether it be ag. This deals with individuals.   So my friend from Kansas, he and I worked together on this to be able  to combine a piece of legislation to make sure we are dealing with all  types of businesses that will be affected, and I do hope to be able to  get this through by unanimous consent in the days ahead to get this  resolved as quickly as possible as well as continue to reach out to the  Small Business Administration and to see what they can to do to be able  to communicate with those folks.   