 Madam President, today, the Senate is debating Professor  Lily Batchelder's nomination by President Biden to serve as Assistant  Treasury Secretary for Tax Policy.   I am going to be brief, but I just want the Senate to know that Ms.  Batchelder is an extraordinary individual, and I think she will serve  in an extraordinary way when she is confirmed.   She is not a stranger to the Senate, particularly for those of us who  serve on the Finance Committee. From 2010 until 2014, she was chief tax  counsel to then Chairman Max Baucus. Members were working hard, looking  at ways to drive a broader economic recovery following a recession. It  was also a time when Members were interested in trying to drive a  little bit of common sense--and I will talk about this more in a  minute--into America's broken Tax Code.   Lily excelled in working with Democrats and Republicans to try to  find common ground. She understood, from the time she arrived at the  Finance Committee, that if you really want to tackle big challenges, if  you want to come up with big solutions and make them sustainable, you  have to find common ground.   After her service on the Finance Committee, Lily became the Deputy  Director of the National Economic Council under President Obama. She  now serves as the Robert C. Kopple Family Professor of Taxation at the  NYU School of Law. And one of the aspects of her scholarship that I  particularly admire is her efforts to craft tax policies that bring  more American workers into the economic winners circle.   She understands the Tax Code inside and out. She knows the Congress.  She knows how the Congress and the administration work. And that is the  reason why the Finance Committee approved her nomination with such a  strong bipartisan margin, a 22-to-6 margin. Members of both sides  thought that she would be a great addition to Treasury. The Senate  ought to vote the same way.    Second, Lily's nomination has waited long enough for consideration on  the Senate floor. Secretary Yellen needs a full team in place at  Treasury. The country is going to be dealing with the aftereffects of  the pandemic economic crash for years to come. There is a long way to  go--a long way to go--before full recovery.   And when we confirm her, she is going to have a chance to really  bring real insight into some big areas, like dealing with the climate  crisis, the nationwide lack of affordable housing, and an increasingly  unfair Tax Code.   And I just want to give you an example of the kind of issues she is  going to have to take on. My colleagues here in the Senate have heard  me talk about how it is that they are reading news stories about how  billionaires all across America end up paying little or no income tax  for years on end. Well, there is a little secret to how this happens,  and it is because these billionaires are advised, in many instances:  Don't take a wage; don't have taxable income; put your money into  stocks.   That was what we did see during the pandemic, and they ended up with  even more financial resources than anyone imagined, while we read the  news articles describing how they paid little or no income tax for  years on end.   As the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, a top priority of  mine--and I don't see how anybody can oppose this idea--is to say that  when nurses and firefighters pay taxes with every paycheck every year,  that we should say that the billionaires--we are glad they are so  successful--should pay their fair share every year.   So I have proposed a billionaire's tax to close this loophole of  unfairness. It just seems to me to be a basic question of fairness, for  people in Nevada or Oregon or anywhere else, that we all pay our fair  share--we all pay our fair share. And that is just one example of what  Ms. Batchelder is going to be dealing with.   For example, on clean energy, again, the Finance Committee wants to  break some new ground. We said: Take the 44 energy tax breaks that are  on the books--most of them are relics from yesteryear--and put them in  the dustbin of history, and in the future have one for clean energy,  one for clean transportation fuel, and one for energy efficiency.   And then, going forward, we will have tech neutrality. And we will  say to every company: Everybody involved in the energy area, the more  you reduce carbon emissions, the bigger your savings. The Senate  Finance Committee never did anything like this in 100 years. But to  really carry this out, you are going to have to have really talented  people like Lily Batchelder there.   So she is going to understand what it means to make sure everybody  pays their fair share, and that means billionaires are no longer exempt  from paying their fair share.   She is going to be a huge asset as we deal with climate change. And,  my God, if people think about the last 6 weeks--the Bootleg Fire in  Oregon, and I know my colleague in Nevada has been clobbered by these  fires; the storms in the South; and what we saw in the east coast of  the United States--climate change has hit this country like a wrecking  ball.   We are going to have Lily Batchelder confirmed, I hope, here very  shortly.  [[Page S6608]]  Those are the kinds of policy ideas she is going to be able to pursue.   The Treasury Department needs a tax policy point guard, somebody who,  in effect--and everybody knows I went to school on a basketball  scholarship dreaming of playing in the NBA. You always admired the  person who ran the floor, who was the point guard, who really made sure  the work got done and didn't really care who got the credit. That is  Lily Batchelder. And if ever there was a person who could really help  chip away at the polarization between Democrats and Republicans, it is  Lily Batchelder.   I support her nomination fully. I urge my colleagues to do the same,  and I yield the floor.   Madam President, I have one more nomination to discuss, and I would  ask unanimous consent that I could complete my remarks--and I will be  brief on this nomination--before we vote.    Madam President, next, the Senate is considering the  nomination of Jayme White for the position of Deputy U.S. Trade  Representative.   Now, Senators know that Jayme has been a longtime member of my  Finance Committee staff. So I won't bury that lede today. We feel, all  of us who have had a chance to work with him in the Finance Committee-- and he has been supported by business and labor and Senators who worked  together with him repeatedly over the years on complicated trade  issues. We all come together to make the case that Jayme will be an  exemplary Deputy USTR representative.   He is a topnotch advocate for our workers, our businesses, our  farmers, and our ranchers. His confirmation will be a loss for the  Senate Finance Committee--I can tell you that--but it is going to be  the American people's gain.   For a little bit on Jayme's background, he is from our part of the  world, the Pacific Northwest. He is a son of union workers near  Seattle. He has worked on trade policy for more than 20 years on  Capitol Hill. We kind of lured him away from his old job, working for  his hometown representative, Congressman Jim McDermott. And since 2014,  he has been the top trade and competitiveness adviser for the Finance  Committee Democrats.   I have had a front-row seat watching Jayme for over a decade, and  what he has always tried to do is reach across the aisle and say: Look,  we know that to create more high-skilled, high-wage jobs in the private  sector--and in our part of the world that is crucial. One out of four  jobs depends on trade, and trade jobs pay better, often, than the  nontrade jobs. You have to think about workers and the environment and  good governance. And Jayme brings Members together from both sides of  the aisle to make sure our trade policies in those areas are durable  for the long term.   He has been way ahead of the pack on the need for more aggressive  trade enforcement. Years ago, when I was chairman of the Finance Trade  Subcommittee--our colleague Max Baucus was chairman of the full  committee--Jayme set up a sting operation, an actual sting operation,  with a dummy website to show how the trade cheats, the rip-off artists,  were able to launder merchandise and avoid paying customs duties. They  would ship goods through other countries, slap a new label on something  with different information on their products, and managed to slip them  into the American market. That experience helped us write and build  momentum for trade enforcement, came to be known as the ENFORCE Act,  passed a few years later.   When the Trump administration's new NAFTA was weak on enforcement,  Jayme and Ambassador Tai worked to make huge improvements. And we all  worked together in our committee. There were many of us. And,  certainly, our colleague Senator Brown of Ohio, who has championed this  for so many years, this effort, this bipartisan effort to strengthen  enforcement, made sure that USMCA raised the bar over any other trade  agreement in history in terms of enforceable commitments on labor  rights and the environment. He has been a champion of transparency and  accountability.   And I can tell you, when I came into public life, people hardly knew  anything about trade agreements that were getting ready to be voted on.  I mean, you would go home for a meeting and people would ask you about  some trade proposal, and you would be kind of in the dark. Jayme wanted  to make sure that the days when well-connected reporters and insiders  in the industry knew more than Members of Congress and the public about  what was being negotiated--Jayme said: We are going to change that. And  we did. There are now concrete rules giving Members access to  negotiating text while the negotiations happen. Final text-to-trade  agreements have to be public for anybody to see for a minimum of 60  days before the Congress can consider approving it. Those commitments  to transparency, new accountability, which we had nothing like when I  came into public life, come about because of Jayme's hard work.   So I will sum it all up. I know we are waiting for our vote. What I  have come to say--and we have all listened to the debates about free  trade and fair trade and the like--Jayme understands that our  challenge, for all of us, for our workers and our small businesses and  to protect the rights of all concerned, we have got to have trade done  right--trade done right: rigorously enforce the trade laws on the  books, make sure that there is more transparency and accountability,  and, particularly, make sure that foreign markets--foreign markets--are  open to American products and American workers.   I will just tell you, I am sorry to lose him after 12 years on my  staff. I always knew that he would be going off to big things. I wasn't  sure it was going to be this soon.   Twenty-five members of the Finance Committee agreed with me when they  voted to send his nomination to the floor. He has got 110 percent of my  support. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the White nomination.   My understanding is we will vote first on the Batchelder nomination  that I spoke about earlier and that a bit later in the evening, we will  vote on Mr. White. I strongly urge colleagues to vote for both.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   