 Madam President, since last March, State and local  governments have received about a half trillion dollars in Federal  funding to bolster their fight against COVID-19. Leaders in my State  have used this funding to cover the mounting costs of expenses at the  start of the pandemic. It enabled them to stand up testing, increase  bed space for ICUs and hospitals, and provide grants to small  businesses without the fear of cutting other critical services.   As time has gone on, the battle against this virus has shifted, and  so have the needs of my State and our local communities. Many simply  don't have the continued need or even opportunity under the guardrails  Congress imposed to spend this money within the set timeline.   That is especially true in some of the rural parts of my State or  places where COVID numbers are, thankfully, low. Qualifying pandemic- related expenses are few and far between in some of those places, as  strange as that may sound here in Washington, DC.   I have heard from State and local leaders who are frustrated by the  strict rules on the funding. They have needs, but somehow the  limitations that Congress has put on their access to the money are  stifling their ability to deal with priorities that they have at the  local level.   They are able to use these dollars on some of the tough financial  dealings of the pandemic, but not all. One of the greatest needs they  have is to deal with infrastructure. When folks hunkered down at home  to stop the spread of COVID-19, State and local transportation budgets  took a big hit. As a result, many infrastructure projects ended up on  the chopping block.   In 2020, States and cities across the country delayed or canceled  transportation improvement projects totaling about $12 billion. Many of  these projects are still in limbo. Without sufficient funding, there is  no timeline when that planned construction might actually begin.   For months now, there has been a clear need to bridge the gap. Back  in March, nearly three dozen organizations wrote to Treasury Secretary  Yellen urging her to make transportation infrastructure an eligible  expense. They said the pandemic had impacted every State and community  differently, and they wanted and asked for flexibility. They said that  flexibility will be critical to ensuring funds are used expeditiously  and with maximum impact.   I have gotten the same sort of requests from the people I represent  in Texas, so I drafted an amendment to this legislation to provide that  flexibility. Thankfully, I found a partner in Senator Alex Padilla of  California, and our bipartisan amendment, which will, I believe, when  we vote on it, receive broad bipartisan support. I am hopeful we can  vote on that amendment sometime later today.   This amendment puts decision-making power at the local level and  gives these leaders more flexibility to invest in the most critical  projects for their communities, whatever those might be. In some  places, that may still mean pandemic-related expenses.   The Delta variant has thrown us a curve ball, to be sure, and is  surging in some places, and leaders in those areas are going to  continue to use this funding to bolster the fight against the virus.   But this change doesn't interfere with those plans in any way,  because what Senator Padilla and I propose is to make that strictly an  option--not a mandate, but an option--so leaders at the State and local  level can decide what fits their particular need.   It simply gives States and localities that aren't facing a mountain  of COVID-related expenses the ability to invest this funding in--you  guessed it--infrastructure projects, something that the bill we are  currently considering is designed to do.  [[Page S5911]]    But one of the things I have noticed since I have been in the Senate  is, frequently, we will appropriate money, and it takes not just  months, but sometimes years to get to the intended beneficiary. I know  the Presiding Officer has seen with me the fact that we appropriated  $46 billion to prevent evictions for people that can't pay their rent,  and yet that money has simply not made its way to the intended  beneficiaries in a timely and expeditious way. Hopefully, that will  improve. But this is money that is available immediately to our local  and State officials to use now.   This infrastructure bill, to the credit of the bipartisan  infrastructure negotiating committee, I think, has some good, very  positive elements to it. But the truth is, what we are doing in this  bill probably will not flow quickly to local jurisdictions in our  States, like the money that they already have but are handcuffed from  using for infrastructure purposes.   Whether it is widening highways, constructing bridges, extending  railways, or expanding access to broadband, the list of new qualifying  expenses is a long one. As I said, there is simply no requirement  that they spend a penny on infrastructure if they don't want to or if  they think they need to hold more of this money that the Federal  Government has appropriated in reserve. All we are doing is simply  giving them the freedom to use these Federal dollars on these projects  if that makes sense for these communities.    Senator Padilla and I have worked with our colleagues to make some  changes that support a vast array of infrastructure projects. We added  additional qualifying infrastructure projects to ensure unique, but no  less important, needs in the various States are eligible.   The White House initially raised concerns about the amount of funding  that we might authorize under our amendment, and worried it would take  away from necessary COVID-19 expenses. Well, Senator Padilla and I have  worked with the White House, and I believe we have come up with a good- faith resolution of their concerns and our interest in getting this  money to be available.   Under our amendment, up to 30 percent of the unspent COVID-19 funds  would be available to the States and local government for  infrastructure projects. It is difficult to quantify exactly how much  of the money will be spent on infrastructure projects because, as I  said, the States and local governments are not required to spend a  penny of that money on infrastructure.   But should they wish to do so, and should local conditions permit,  this will open up tens of millions of dollars for infrastructure  projects in communities across the country. This can help critical  projects that were delayed by the pandemic get back on track and put  this funding toward its intended purpose, the very purpose we are  debating right now, to both alleviate the burden of the pandemic on  cities and States, as well as to refurbish and expand our critical  infrastructure, including broadband.   So this isn't just a win for our local communities; it is a win for  taxpayers too.   Here is something that may be a little unexpected: The cost of this  amendment is zero. It is nothing because the money has already been  appropriated and already been scored on previous COVID-19-relief acts.  All it does is it removes the handcuffs from the local jurisdictions  and allows them to meet their needs based on their best judgment. So  this does not increase the deficit and does not add to the debt.   This amendment has been endorsed by more than two dozen organizations  representing a diverse set of stakeholders. The National Governors  Association--which, as you know, is a bipartisan group of Governors-- has endorsed this amendment. The U.S. Conference of Mayors and a long  list of organizations have thrown their support behind this commonsense  change.   This will give communities in Texas and Nevada and all the other  States the ability to use pandemic-relief funding when and where it is  needed most.   They know the needs of their communities far better than we do  sitting here in Washington, DC. And I hope this amendment will be  adopted to give these leaders greater decision-making flexibility.   I want to thank Senators on both sides of the aisle who have worked  with Senator Padilla and myself on this amendment. And, later today, I  hope we will receive broad, bipartisan support for this amendment. And  I anticipate we will, because I know the circumstances in my State  dealing with my constituents is really no different when it comes to  giving flexibility and access to those Federal COVID-19 dollars, that  the story is probably largely the same in whatever State you represent.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   