 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Build  Back Better Act.   The Build Back Better Act builds on our efforts to make healthcare  more affordable and accessible for all Americans. It extends premium  subsidies that make healthcare more affordable for millions of  Americans, and, finally, expands access to uninsured Americans who are  unfairly caught in the Medicaid coverage gap.   The legislation also provides critical relief at the pharmacy counter  by finally giving Medicare the ability to negotiate lower drug prices  with the pharmaceutical companies. It also caps out-of-pocket  prescription drug costs for seniors at $2,000 a year, lowers insulin  prices for Americans with diabetes to $35 per month; and penalizes Big  Pharma companies that unfairly raise prices.   It permanently reauthorizes the Children's Health Insurance Program,  dedicates long overdue resources to provide maternal healthcare; and  provides, for the first time, comprehensive hearing benefits under  Medicare part B.   The legislation also includes $150 billion in funding for home and  community-based care so seniors and people with disabilities can get  the care that they need in their homes.   The Build Back Better Act also aggressively tackles the climate  crisis with historic investments, moving us toward a clean energy  economy while also producing millions of good-paying American jobs. The  new $29 billion Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund will accelerate  innovation in low- and zero-emission technologies, while also  prioritizing the needs of environmental justice communities.   Rebates for homeowners to electrify and make their houses more  efficient will save them money and reduce emissions. Investments in a  21st century electric grid will get more renewable energy online. A new  Methane Emissions Reduction Program will drive down pollution from the  oil and gas industry.   There is no time, Madam Speaker, to delay. Bold climate action is  needed now, and the Build Back Better Act is a once-in-a-generation  opportunity to invest in the American people and our future. It  deserves strong support today.   