 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent, notwithstanding  rule XXII, that upon the use or yielding back of time on the Donfried  nomination, the Senate vote on the motions to invoke cloture on the  Medina, Phee, Robinson, and Lewis nominations; that if closure is  invoked on any of the nominations listed, all postcloture time be  considered expired and the vote on confirmation of those nominations  occur at a time and in an order to be determined by the majority  leader, following consultation with the Republican leader, with 1 hour  for debate equally divided prior to each vote, and the Republican  debate be controlled by Senator Cruz.    For the information of the Senate, we expect four  rollcall votes beginning at around 8 p.m. Those votes will be cloture  on the Medina, Phee, Robinson, and Lewis nominations.    Mr. President, I am glad that we are coming to some  conclusion this evening with respect to a handful of the long list of  pending nominations for the State Department and the Department of  Defense, but it is a small portion of a list that is growing bigger and  bigger.   Never before has a first-term President had this few national  security nominees in place by the fall of his first year. And this is a  growing national security crisis imposed on the country by Republicans  who have decided to put their hatred of Democrats and this President  ahead of the security of this country--above the security of this  Nation.   And it just takes a lot of hutzpah for my colleagues to stand here on  the floor and criticize the President's conduct of foreign policy at  the same time that they are refusing to allow the President to have  staff to conduct foreign policy. Let me say that again. We have all  sorts of Republicans coming down here and savaging the President's  policy on Afghanistan or on China or on Russia, but then, at the exact  same time, taking extraordinary steps to prevent the President from  having anybody actually implement policies toward Afghanistan or Russia  or China. It is akin to standing up in a restaurant and complaining  about how slow the service is right after you went and barricaded the  doors in and out of the kitchen.   My colleagues can't have it both ways. If you want to complain about  the President's policies toward China, then stop standing in the way of  allowing him to have personnel that can execute on sound policy. Stop  standing in the way of the Assistant Secretary who will oversee policy  in the region.   You have complaints about Afghanistan. Then why are we continuing to  block those who would be in charge of refugee policy and in charge of  resettlement policy to get more Afghans out of the country?   You have complaints about Russia. Well, for a month Republicans have  been blocking the key personnel who oversee policy toward Russia,  whether it be the Assistant Secretary for Europe or our Ambassador to  NATO.   Here is what voters are left to wonder: Are these sincere objections  based upon policy or is this really about an intentional effort to try  to undermine the security of this country in order to damage Joe Biden?   I don't know the answer to that question, but I can't figure out any  plausible reason how this benefits the country. Never before--never  before--has a minority gone to these lengths to try to undermine a  President's national security team.   Every single Democrat had massive objections, moral and practical, to  President Trump's foreign policy, but not a single one of us  contemplated doing what our Republican colleagues are doing right now-- holding up every single one of Donald Trump's Ambassadors and  nominees--because we knew that that would undermine the security of the  country, because there are differences that we have, but there are far  more points of agreement where midlevel civil servants and Ambassadors  are carrying out policies on behalf of America that Republicans and  Democrats agree on.    Here is the list of nominees that are stuck. What does the Chief of  Protocol have to do with Nord Stream 2? What does the Ambassador to  Vietnam have to do with the objections of the Senator from Texas over  an oil pipeline? Why are we blocking the Assistant Administrator for  the U.S. Agency for International Development?   Nothing that is happening here has anything to do with the security  of this country.   So I am glad we are unlocking a handful of nominees, but we are going  to be here on Thursdays and Fridays and Saturdays and Sundays. I am  going to advocate that we stay as long as it takes in order to protect  this country, in order to stop this unprecedented blockade of the  people who do the work of standing up for the security of this Nation  every single day.   One of the critiques that has been lodged here today is about the  President's proposal and his execution of his proposal to wind down the  20-year war in Afghanistan. In fact, one of my colleagues said that  until the Secretary of State resigns, he will continue to block all  Department of Defense and State Department nominees, knowing that that  is not going to happen.   So I do want to spend a few minutes this evening talking about the  real story behind President Biden's decision to bring a 20-year war  that has cost this country $2 trillion, has cost this Nation thousands  of lives, and has ended up in hundreds of thousands of Afghans being  killed--let's just be very clear at the outset. President Biden's  decision to bring U.S. troops home from Afghanistan is wildly popular-- supported by three out of four Americans. And I want to talk about the  danger of what has happened over the course of the last 2 months with  this critique of the President's withdrawal plan. Some of it is  legitimate, but some of it is really dangerous.   So, in 2009, President Obama planned to send a whole bunch of  additional troops into Afghanistan. It was Obama's surge--the idea that  we would plus-up our troops there. We would partner with diplomats and  aid administrators. It was a means to try to conquer and then hold  territory in Afghanistan that had been taken by the Taliban.   It was a really good plan. It had all kinds of counterinsurgency buzz  words. The PowerPoint looked really sharp. And it was endorsed by a lot  of smart  [[Page S6662]]  foreign policy thinkers. But then it was a total flop. It didn't work.  I saw it in person.   In 2011, I went out to a small town in western Afghanistan, where the  surge was taking place, where a group of U.S. soldiers had taken back  territory that had been previously controlled by the Taliban. We got a  tour of this small town called Parmakan, and the elders in that town  told us that the Taliban forced them to grow poppy. Poppy, then, was  given or sold to the Taliban and used to fuel and fund the Taliban's  insurgency against the United States.   And now that the U.S. troops were there, poppy was still being grown  in the fields. It was still being sold to the Taliban. The difference  was that now the Taliban wasn't stealing it. The Taliban was paying a  fairer price for the poppy, but we were still protecting the fields, a  crop that was being sold to our enemy to finance the insurgency against  us. It was a very clear, concrete example of how a plan that looked  really good on paper wasn't playing out to our national security  benefit in reality.   Afghanistan wasn't a failure of execution. It was a failure of  hubris. We came to believe that we could do something in Afghanistan  that was, in reality, unachievable, though, on paper, achievable. This  idea that we could build an American-style democracy and an American- style military on the other side of the world amidst a culture we did  not understand turned out to be an impossibility.   But general after general, administration after administration, we  refused to accept that reality. We believed that America could  accomplish this feat, despite the fact that year after year, especially  in the last decade, the Taliban got stronger and the amount of  territory they conquered was bigger. The ability of the Afghan military  and government to be able to deliver services and protect the people  became less and less.   One would think that the overnight collapse of the Afghan Government  security forces on the 15th of August would have finally broken the  back of this American ``execute better'' thinking, this belief that if  we just fine-tune the plan once again, we will be able to do the  impossible. But it is clear that, in fact, the opposite had happened;  that since the fall of the Afghan Government and military, there has  been new life infused into the architects and the cheerleaders of  American military hubris's arguments.   The scenes from the Kabul airport in the weeks following the Afghan  Government's disintegration, they were devastating to watch. The  stories of young girls and human rights activists desperately clamoring  for a route out of the country, they were heartbreaking to hear. But  the idea that the United States of America, a country located on the  other side of the world from Kabul, could manage this unexpected  collapse in a way that didn't produce panic and confusion or that we  would be able to evacuate and find a home outside of the country for  every Afghan who wanted to leave--it was, unfortunately, the same kind  of magical thinking that got us into this mess in the first place and  that kept us there for 10 years too long. It is just as illusory as the  now-proven fantasy trumpeted by war hawks that America could build and  train an Afghan Government and military into a new version of their  American counterparts. And we risk falling into this trap again,  believing that America can do things abroad that are beyond our reach.    There are plenty of fights that are winnable. There is plenty of good  that America can do. But there are limits, especially limits to our  authority when we are leading with military intervention.   There are no doubts there were mistakes made throughout the period of  evacuation of U.S. forces and diplomats from Afghanistan. There is no  way you run a mission that complicated without going back and finding  things that you would have done differently.   But in the end, we got 130,000 people out. That is the single biggest  airlift of Americans and partners, certainly, in our lifetime and  likely in the history of this country.   It is hard to argue with those results in the end--130,000 Americans  and Afghans taken out in a period of 2 weeks, when America controlled  only the airport and no territory around it because of the  disintegration of the Afghan military.   But for many in Washington, many in the foreign policy consensus,  many of the folks who want to stay in Afghanistan forever, they say  130,000 wasn't good enough. But what is their specific complaint?   Some of them say that the scenes at the airport of chaos was Joe  Biden's fault. That is maybe the most nonsensical of the arguments  because once the Afghan military and government fell apart overnight,  there was nothing that a couple thousand American troops and diplomats  were going to be able to do to prevent that chaos.   You can argue that the United States should have seen that collapse  coming, but the Afghan people didn't have access to our intelligence.  The Afghan people didn't know that that was all going to fall apart  overnight. And so, of course, when they heard that the United States  was running flights out of Kabul, there was going to be a mad rush to  the airport. It just doesn't make any sense to suggest that a couple  thousand Americans inside Afghanistan were going to be able to prevent  some very chaotic scenes on the ground.   Other critics set a lower bar. They say that, well, the President  couldn't have prevented the chaos, but he should have managed the  evacuation better.   Again, I will concede that there are things that could have been done  better. But let's just talk about what the scene looked like on the  ground. Let's talk about the reality.   The reality is that the Taliban controlled the entire city outside of  the airport. And when your enemy controls 99 percent of the country  that you are trying to evacuate, unfortunately, many of the decisions  about how the evacuation goes and how efficient or effective it is are  outside of your control.   The idea that in 2 weeks we were going to be able to manage a  seamless evacuation of the country, when our enemy controlled 99  percent of it, is ludicrous.   Again, there is no doubt that things could have been done better. But  in the end, we got 130,000 Americans out. We were very creative about  the means and the methods by which we used to get our people home.   Another criticism is that the President didn't get everybody out.  Well, let's just remember what happened in the months leading up to the  evacuation. Nineteen different times, the Biden administration told  Americans who were there that things were going to get bad, and they  should leave. Now, that doesn't mean that we shouldn't do everything  within our power to try to get those Americans out who didn't listen to  those reminders. But it does mean that the President doesn't bear all  of the blame for those who stayed after having reminded them over a  dozen times that it was probably time to leave.   It is a little difficult to hear this righteous indignation from  Republicans about the President not getting more Afghans out when it is  the Republican Party that is standing in the way of these refugees  coming to the United States. Many of the same critics of the  President's Afghanistan policy are the exact same Republicans who are  right now saying that their State isn't going to take any Afghan  refugees.   You can't have it both ways. You can't criticize the President for  not getting more of our partners out but then say that they shouldn't  go any further than an airplane hangar in Doha, that your State isn't  going to take any of these evacuees, any of these refugees.   And, lastly, the most recent argument by this ``execute better''  crowd--the folks who think that, just like we could have succeeded in  Afghanistan if we stayed another 10 years, we could have run a perfect  and beautiful-looking evacuation in the midst of a country in chaos--is  that America could have stayed indefinitely because the option somehow  became much less costly and much less risky in 2021. These are the  folks who say we should have kept a couple thousand troops there, and  everything would have been fine.   President Trump negotiated with the Taliban. The deal was that he  would  [[Page S6663]]  draw down to 2,500 troops and then everybody else would leave in 2021.  In exchange, the Taliban said: We won't attack U.S. forces, and we will  not advance on provincial capitals.   So when Joe Biden came to office, that was his reality. There were  only a couple thousand troops left. The Taliban had gobbled up immense  amounts of territory during the Trump administration, and they stood  right outside of these capitals. Had Joe Biden chosen to walk away from  that deal, hostilities would have begun between the United States and  the Taliban. And I have listened to generals tell us for the last 10  years that there is no way that the United States could protect its own  forces and stand up an effective Afghan military operation with less  than 8,500. All of a sudden--all of a sudden--2,500 was enough, when  for years the military was telling us, if you get down below 10,000,  you are in big trouble.   But that doesn't even speak to the new reality that greeted us in  2021. That was the Taliban now not just out in the hinterlands, not  just fighting for control of rural Afghanistan but on the precipice of  these cities, ready to get involved in complicated, deadly, urban  warfare. That argues for the number not being 8,500 but being twice  that or three times that likely would have been necessary in order to  buttress and stand up and support the Afghan military when street  fighting happened inside these provincial capitals. Twenty-five hundred  wasn't going to be enough.   Of course, the real desire for most of these ``execute better''  thinkers was for America to just stay. Now, I know folks bristle at  this phrase ``forever war.'' A lot of folks say that we should have  kept 2,500, 5,000 there. They say that we weren't going to stay  forever. They just say we should stay until we finish the job, which is  defined as establishing an American-style representative government and  an American-style unified military command. But if we couldn't  accomplish that in 20 years--the longest U.S. war in history--why on  Earth do we think that things would have changed after another 5 or  another 10? My belief is that the goal that we set out was,  unfortunately, impossible, which is why that PowerPoint slide reads, we  stay in Afghanistan until it is stable; while reality reads, stay  forever.    It is worth reminding that Americans overwhelmingly supported this  plan to withdraw because they had seen how the plans never matched up  with reality on the ground, and it was ultimately their sons' and  daughters' blood that was going to be spilled. It was their money that  was going to be spent.   The real danger is casually coming to this collective American  conclusion that, just like our occupation was possible but executed  poorly, that the withdrawal was simply a failure of planning, rather  than an inevitability, given the circumstances handed to President  Biden and his team.   There are some military missions that cannot be completed, no matter  how smart the planners are. This lesson has got to be learned or we are  destined to suffer more Iraqs and more Afghanistans.   Finally, I will end with this: It is worth noting--and I said this  earlier--that just because the mission we set out to achieve in  Afghanistan was not possible, that that doesn't mean that everything  else is impossible. That doesn't mean that America can't be a force for  good in the world.   Our experience in Afghanistan is not a reason to disappear from  global engagement. Just because this big thing wasn't possible doesn't  mean that every big thing is impossible.   And so my hope is that by withdrawing from Afghanistan, we allow for  the Biden administration and administrations to follow to be able to  pivot to contests and fights that we can win, to put more effort into  contesting Chinese expansionism, or to put more effort into providing  nonmilitary aid to organic local democracy movements, or being more of  a force for economic empowerment in the developing world. These are  goals that are difficult, but they are achievable.   So there are plenty of negative consequences to our withdrawal from  Afghanistan, but there are also beneficial consequences as well.   The greatest benefit is that we now have this energy and money and  manpower that has been devoted to this failing mission for 20 years  that can now be directed to these more achievable and more worthwhile  goals, but only if we cure ourselves of this ``execute better''  mentality that is often connected to our military intervention. I think  that is necessary so that America never again gets distracted from  achievable goals by another impossible Afghanistan-like mission.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   