 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss facts and fiction.  Recently, FOX News reporter Peter Doocy asked White House Press  Secretary Jen Psaki about a Biden administration official's claim that  Republicans have defunded the police by not voting to pass Biden's  wasteful $1.9 trillion stimulus bill. Ms. Psaki doubled down on the  idea that it is Republicans and not Democrats who want to defund the  police.   When a White House Press Secretary gives a press briefing, you expect  some spin. You expect some verbal bobbing and weaving if the topic is  unflattering to the administration. But when Jen Psaki tried to blame  Republicans for defunding the police, it wasn't spin. It was horse  manure. It was gaslighting.   For over a year, Democrats and leftwing activists have been calling  over and over and over again to defund the police. And many Democrat- led city councils and Democrat mayors have done so, cutting and even  slashing police budgets. As a result of those reckless policies, we are  seeing a deeply concerning wave of violent crime in American cities  across the country.   The chief White House spokesperson blaming Republicans for defunding  the police is like an arsonist showing up at the fire and blaming the  firemen. It is like the Chinese Communist Party blaming America for the  Wuhan virus. It is like OJ saying he is going to help find the real  killer. It is absurd. It is ridiculous. And Democrats know it.   Let's look at the facts. Democrats have called explicitly to defund  the police for over a year and have been successful in doing it. New  York Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, last summer pledged to cut the  NYPD budget by $1 billion, and then he did so. New York City passed a  budget that did indeed cut $1 billion from the police department.   Just a couple of months ago, de Blasio was forced to backtrack. He  realized what a terrible decision it had been because now he is working  to reverse it.   AOC, the darling of the extreme leftwing, has said: ``Defunding [the]  police means defunding [the] police'' and ``The fight to defund [the  police] continues.'' There is not a lot of ambiguity in what AOC is  saying.   And she is not alone. How about Representative Rashida Tlaib. She has  called for ``no more policing.'' Stop and think about that for a  minute. This is an elected Democratic Member of Congress whose policy  objective is no more policing. Those are her own words.   How about Representative Ilhan Omar. She has said: ``You can't really  reform a department that is rotten to the root.'' An elected Democratic  Member of Congress describing police departments as ``rotten to the  root.'' Again, those are her words.   And then there is Representative Ayanna Pressley, who has introduced  legislation to defund police officers in public schools. And she has  said that defunding the police is about ``true reparations.'' Well,  maybe this is just a few fringe Democrats in the House of  Representatives. Maybe it is not a broader policy of the Democratic  Party.   What about Joe Biden? Uncle Joe can't possibly support defunding the  police, right? Well, if you thought so, you would be wrong because Joe  Biden nominated two of the leading advocates of abolishing the police-- Vanita Gupta and Kristen Clarke--to senior positions at the U.S.  Department of Justice. One of them is the No. 3 official at the  Department of Justice. The other is the head of civil rights at the  Department of Justice. Both had written, as recently as last year,  explicit calls for defunding the police, and they got rewarded with  helping run the Department of Justice.   But surely, you might say, even if Joe Biden gave in to the activists  and nominated these folks, there are Democrats in this Chamber who  would say defunding the police is too much; let's not go that far.  Well, if you would say that, you would be wrong because both of those  nominees, two of the leading advocates for defunding the police, were  confirmed when every single Democrat in this Chamber voted to confirm  them--100 percent.   The next time you see a Democrat describing themselves as moderate,  reasonable, not one of those crazies saying things like ``defund the  police,'' maybe you should ask them why they voted to confirm two of  the leading advocates for defunding the police to senior positions at  the Department of Justice.   Democrat-led city councils all over the country are following the  same game plan, and they have voted over and over and over again to  defund the police. Last year, the Los Angeles City Council cut the  police budget by $150 million. Portland cut $15 million from its police  budget. Minneapolis cut $8 million from its police budget. Seattle cut  its police budget by 18 percent.   Now, what do these city have in common? They are run by Democrats. It  is Democratic politicians who are slashing police budgets. And what  have the results been? Well, sadly, these Democratic-led cities are  reaping what they sowed. Crime rates are skyrocketing. The New York  Times--hardly a rightwing outfit--the New York Times has reported that  homicides in Los Angeles increased 36 percent, that homicides have  increased in Portland more than 82 percent, and that homicides in  Minneapolis increased nearly 72 percent last year. By all appearances,  these homicide spikes will continue throughout this year.   Just a few weeks ago, Democrats demonstrated that they couldn't learn  from the tragic failure of other cities that had slashed the police and  seen homicides skyrocket. What did they do in Oakland, CA? The city  council voted to cut over $18 million from the police department, and  Oakland has already seen a 90-percent increase in homicides over last  year.   The New York Times has also reported data showing that in 2020,  homicide rates increased more than 30 percent in big cities. So far,  they are increasing again this year.   According to the Guardian, some preliminary data showed that there  were 4,000 more murders in 2020 than there were in 2019--4,000 men,  women, and children who would be living, breathing, living their lives,  raising their kids, contributing to the diverse tapestry of our Nation  if it were not for the radicals slashing police budgets because of  extreme ideological commitments and unleashing these crimewaves.   Now, Democrats know that the politics and the policy of defunding the  police aren't working for them, which is why they are desperately  trying to backtrack and blame and gaslight Republicans. Yeah, yeah, it  is the Republicans who are doing this. Sure, sure, that is the ticket.   Not only did some Democrats blame calls to defund the police for  close races that they lost in November and for the razor-thin  Democratic majority in the U.S. Senate, they also know it isn't popular  with the American people. A recent USA TODAY poll found that only 18  percent of Americans support defunding the police, and a large majority  of African Americans don't support defunding the police. The same is  true for Democratic voters. A large majority of Democratic voters don't  support defunding the police. But in defiance of the interests of their  constituents, Democrats continue to go down that road. The facts are  that Democrats have repeatedly called to defund the police, and they  have done so--this isn't a theory--they have done so in many cities.   Crime is rising, and radical Democratic policies have had deadly  consequences. Not only have homicides risen, but there were more law  enforcement officer fatalities in 2020 than there had been in 46 years.  In 2020, 264 law enforcement officers tragically died in the line of  duty, some from COVID-19 as a result of being first responders and  others from getting shot while on duty.   After Jen Psaki blamed Republicans for defunding the police, Peter  Doocy asked her to name the Republicans who said they were voting  against the American Rescue Plan--the massive leftwing spending plan-- that had nothing to do with the police. It was shoveling a lot of money  to liberal special interests. It was giving money to State and local  governments. So the White House argument was, well, some of the money  to State and local governments could theoretically have gone to police,  so therefore, if you don't vote for the massive trillions of dollars in  spending,  [[Page S5007]]  you really want to defund the police. Well, unsurprisingly, Psaki  couldn't name a single Republican who said they wanted to defund the  police or who gave defunding the police as a reason for not voting for  Biden's $1.9 trillion, pork-filled spending bill.   The fact of the matter is, Republicans are proud to support the  police, to stand with the men and women of blue, while Democrats are  demonizing and vilifying the brave men and women of law enforcement.   I want to say thank you to every law enforcement officer in this  country, on the Federal level and on the State and local level. Thank  you for answering the call each day, putting on the uniform, wearing  the badge, and risking your life to keep us safe.   This morning, all across this country, law enforcement officers woke  up, they kissed their husband or wife goodbye, they kissed their kids  goodbye, and they went out to defend our communities, and they did so  not knowing if they would come home that night. We are proud to stand  with the men and women of our police departments.   When it comes to facts and fiction, it is a cynical and calculated  lie from the Biden White House that it is anybody other than Democrats  who are leading the foolhardy charge to abolish and defund the police.  It is dangerous, crime rates are skyrocketing, and it is an  exceptionally bad idea.   I yield the floor.   