 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with my friend and colleague Senator Scott from Florida.    Madam President, I am honored to be on the Senate floor  with my colleague Senator Scott from the great State of Florida. We are  here to talk about an issue that really matters to both Alaska and to  Florida and, I would say, that actually matters to the whole country.   Let me begin by saying that, like all States, my State, the great  State of Alaska, struggled through the pandemic. There were a lot of  challenges. I am proud to say that, with regard to the health  challenges of the pandemic, I am very honored and privileged and proud  to represent a great group of Americans, my fellow Alaskans, who came  together on the health side despite our huge challenges in terms of its  being a giant State with a dispersed population.   We worked together, and on so many indicators of health that were  directly related to the pandemic, Alaskans did very well. We were the  No. 1 per capita in terms of testing throughout almost the entire  pandemic. Remarkably, we have been the No. 1 State per capita in terms  of vaccine distribution, which is a mini miracle, if you know Alaska,  given how big it is. We had vaccines going out of snow machines, dog  sleds--you name it. We were getting it out to everybody in a more  efficient way than in any other State in the country and, importantly,  thank God, with one of the lowest per capita death rates in the  country. We are proud of that.   Yet our economy--like many but I would say almost uniquely--is  getting hammered, and people are suffering economically, first by the  pandemic, of course, and now, unfortunately, by our own Federal  Government. Let me just give a couple of examples.   The energy sector is very important to Alaska and very important to  America, and, yes, we still need energy. Oil and gas, we need them. We  have some of the greatest workers in the world in my State, but the  Biden administration thinks we don't need them. It has been crushing my  State with nine Executive orders directed solely at the State of Alaska  to shut us down--nine by this administration. There is no State in the  country that is getting that kind of attention. We don't want that  attention.   Regarding commercial fishing, our State has been what I like to call  the superpower of seafood. Over 60 percent of all seafood harvested in  America comes from Alaska. This has been hurt by the pandemic.   The issue that we are here to talk about today is tourism, which is  so important to Alaska and so important to Florida, and it is what I  want to talk about with my good friend Senator Scott. It is about  bringing relief to our fellow Americans--Floridians, Alaskans--and  working to immediately pass the CRUISE Act. That is our bill, which  would provide relief to coastal communities in our country--in Alaska  and in Florida--and would enable a responsible return of cruise ship  activities, which are so important to the small business owners in our  States, whose livelihoods depend on having a robust tourism sector.   Let me just very quickly mention one thing. Alaska is open for  tourism--one of the most beautiful places in the world. In fact,  America, if you want to come and have a great vacation, come on up to  Alaska this summer. Not only will you have an amazing experience, but  we just announced 2 days ago that you can get a vaccine. Come on up. If  your State is too inefficient for you to get a vaccine, have a great  vacation in Alaska, and you will get a vaccine in Alaska as well. You  can do both. You can see the most beautiful State in the country. You  can fish, see glaciers, wildlife, climb mountains, whale watch. If you  do that, it is going to help our economy and help the small  businesses--fishing guides, hotels. I know Americans want to help one  another. That is what we have been doing for the last year. We want you  to come up, stay safe, and get a vaccine.   But here is what we need. To enable that to happen in Alaska and in  other parts of the country, we need the CDC to better understand its  job, its mission, and its role. This particularly relates to the issues  of cruise ship passengers and the ability for cruise ship vessels to  start to return to America's waters as they are doing throughout the  rest of the world. In Asia, Europe, and Latin America, people are  cruising safely right now, but the CDC is dragging its feet. It is  dithering.  [[Page S2109]]    I have been meeting and my staff has been meeting with them,  certainly, weekly. I have met twice with the CDC's Executive Director,  but all we get is foot-dragging. All we get are excuses. All we get is  guidance that is muddled, confusing, and simply unworkable.   Here is the thing: In my State, communities are dying, and no one  seems to care. At the CDC, the bureaucrats there don't seem to give a  damn about what Americans are suffering through right now, literally. I  don't know how many times we can be on calls with them wherein we get  no response. When people lose jobs and lose businesses, that has a  health impact too.   Here is what our simple bill does, the CRUISE Act.   First, it will require the CDC to issue recommendations for how to  mitigate the risks of COVID-19 to passengers and crew on board ships.  This will be in addition to what the industry has already put forward,  and there are over 70 recommendations.   Second, our bill will establish an interagency working group that  will develop recommendations to facilitate the resumption of passenger  cruise ship operations in the United States--in Florida and Alaska. The  recommendations will facilitate the resumption of passenger cruise ship  operations no later than July 4, 2021. Our bill will require the CDC,  on no later than that same day, Independence Day, to revoke the order  entitled ``Framework for Conditional Sailing and Initial Phase COVID-19  Testing Requirements for Protection of Crew.''   Our bill, finally, ensures that the HHS and CDC retain all  appropriate authorities to make and enforce the regulations necessary  to prevent the introduction, transmission, or spread of communicable  diseases on individual cruise ships.   This is a commonsense bill. We need the CDC to continue to work with  us, certainly, but to recognize that by dragging its feet, tens of  thousands of Americans are going to continue to suffer when they don't  have to.   We can do this responsibly. My State and the State of Florida want to  do this responsibly, but we can't wait any longer. Our tourism season  in Alaska is very short. Our businesses need to know that they can open  again, and our citizens need help.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Florida, whose citizens are  experiencing some of the same devastating impacts that my fellow  Alaskans are.    Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S. 1105 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, to my colleague from Washington, whom  I have the utmost respect for, it is true that at the beginning of the  pandemic, there were all kinds of challenges with the cruise ship  industry. There is no doubt about that. We saw that, but that was  over--well over--a year ago. We didn't know anything about the virus  then, we didn't have vaccines then, and we didn't see the economic  devastation then. It is a very different period right now, a year  later.   What we are asking for is the CDC to move. That is what our bill  does.   You know, Senator Murkowski and I had a meeting--our second meeting-- with the CDC Director just 3 weeks ago, and in that meeting she told us  that they were going to issue all the guidance for the cruise ships-- issue it all so people can plan. They said that they could anticipate  with this guidance that we could meet cruising opportunities to start  by mid-July in Alaska. They said that with this guidance the CDC  wouldn't have to be approving every move--every move going forward--and  they said that they would take into consideration this huge progress we  have made on vaccinating Americans.   In my State, in southeast Alaska, there are communities with 60, 70,  80 percent vaccination rates. That is where these cruise ships are  going to be going.   The unfortunate thing is that not one thing the Director of the CDC  told us turned out to be true. That is not good. Her staff or somebody  in the CDC needs to be held responsible for telling us something that  was not true at all.   Again, what is happening right now is an economic and health  devastation. In my State, the estimates are up to $3 billion worth of  damage just in Alaska alone because of the foot-dragging, mixed  messages, and unresponsiveness when it comes to the CDC's guidance.   As my friend from Florida just mentioned, airlines, schools,  hospitals, and hotels have all gotten CDC guidance and have been able  to open. But for some reason, they are focused on this industry, which  negatively impacts thousands of small businesses across America, in  Florida and Alaska. And I certainly hope that the CDC, seeing that we  are trying to move this--and it is a bipartisan issue, by the way--will  start to do its job--will start to do its job and make the commitment  that was made to me and other Senators to get this moving quickly in  terms of guidance so we can be having tourism, cruise ships, and  otherwise in America by mid-July. That is what I was told by the  Director 3 weeks ago. They need to keep that commitment.   I yield to my good friend from Florida.   