 Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.   Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, we meet today to consider the largest spending bill in  American history, a bill that no one has read, adds hundreds of  billions to the deficit, was written in secret, and rushed to the floor  to hide it from the American people.   We have now the official costs, and the results are in. The claim by  the President this costs zero and will reduce the national deficit is  just simply untrue. According to the Congressional Budget Office, even  counting the budget gimmicks, this bill adds hundreds of billions of  dollars to the national debt and a more true accounting by the  Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimates this could drive  national deficits by $3 trillion over the next 10 years.    The claim that this will not raise taxes on the middle class is  simply false. One out of three Americans in the middle class will see a  tax hike starting next year. The claim that this will make the wealthy  pay their fair share is false as well. In this bill, coming out of  COVID, two out of three millionaires in America will get a massive tax  cut. And the claim that this will reduce inflation is not true as well.  Even according to the White House's own favored analyst, the spending  in this bill will drive up inflation for families, higher and longer,  for at least a decade.   The Build Back Better's crippling tax hikes will kill American jobs,  drive many of them overseas. They hamper small businesses as they  struggle to recover, worsen the labor shortage, and drive inflation  even higher. The bill imposes over $400 billion in taxes on American  small businesses. It couldn't come at a worse time.   There are $800 billion in tax increases on American businesses who  compete both here and around the world. This constitutes an economic  surrender to China, Russia, Japan, and Europe, driving American jobs  investment in manufacturing overseas.  [[Page H6660]]    The new corporate tax is really a ``Made in America'' tax. It hits  American manufacturing, energy, and technology businesses the hardest,  along with American consumers. The international tax increases make it  better to be a foreign company than an American one. It is any wonder  our foreign competitors are happy to embrace a global minimum tax. They  are getting American jobs and a big bite of our tax base. There is a  troubling new tax on retirement and a troubling new tax, the toddler  tax, on American childcare. This is a terrible bill. I urge a ``no''  vote.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   