 Mr. Speaker, right now, in Texas today, a little girl is  being trafficked in human trafficking and sex trafficking. That is  occurring. She is going to be put into the sex trafficking trade and be  abused, and she is going to be done so because we have allowed cartels  to have operational control of our border. That is true. These are the  facts. We know these are the facts. It is happening every single day.  We see it on the ground.   Yet the Vice President of the United States only found her way to go  to El Paso as a pit stop on the way to Los Angeles, rather than  actually meet with people in Texas to see what is actually going on in  Texas.   We have no funding at all for the border, for ICE, for Border Patrol.   But you know what we have plenty of funding for?   Abortion. Taxpayer funding for abortion.   It is absolutely despicable the values that are being presented in  the United States House of Representatives and the people's House.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania, and I  thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico for articulating so well the  state of our southern border, which is the direct result and the  consequence of the rote incompetence of the current administration and  my Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle. That is the  best I can put it.   Or, frankly, it is the purposeful use of the border for political  purposes. Because there is nothing else that can explain what is  actually happening at the state of our border. That a political party  would say that having cartels having operational control of our border,  to the detriment of the well-being of the United States and its  citizens; or the migrants who seek to come here, getting put into the  human and sex trafficking trade, that somehow that should be seen as a  compassionate position by my colleagues on the other side.   But I will tell you that it is a policy that is in the false name of  compassion.   I note that Vice President Harris finally found her way to the  border, although it was in a pit stop on her way to Los Angeles, taking  4 hours to stop in El Paso for a photo-op to go say hi to some Border  Patrol en route to Los Angeles.   That is not the kind of visit that we have been talking about that is  required of the President of the United States or his appointee, the  Vice President, who is supposedly in charge of securing the border of  the United States.   And I would note that this is real. That for those of us who go and  spend time on the border and talk to ranchers getting overrun; talk to  people getting harmed, getting broken into; high-speed chases in  communities in south Texas; the massive amounts of opioids flowing into  Texas and throughout the rest of our country; the number of migrants  being abused in the human and sex trafficking trade, it is very real.   To the little girls who I have spoken to on the border and visited  with, coming across the river at midnight, 1:00, 2:00 in the morning,  and the dangers that they have been put into, I would ask my Democratic  colleagues: Why don't they care?   Why don't my Democratic colleagues care about these migrants being  abused and exploited by cartels?   Today, right now, as we speak, a child is on an interstate in Texas,  heading to be put into child pornography and into the sex trafficking  trade. As we speak in the people's House, it is happening, literally,  at this moment.   Some amount of opioids is going into I-10, flowing over through  Houston, throughout the rest of the southeast to be distributed  throughout our country, heading west on I-10 to go out to the West  Coast.   Why did Governor DeSantis send resources to Texas?   Because his State is getting overrun by opioid abuse that is coming  through the southwest border.   We have a massively wide open border that is being exploited, and the  reality of the situation is it is my Democratic colleagues who refuse  to enforce the law. It is that simple.   Think, from October to December of 2020, in the previous  administration, there were 185,000 expulsions made under Title 42,  which the gentlewoman from New Mexico just discussed. That was 85  percent of all encounters. Think about that: 85 percent of the  encounters we were able to expel under Title 42.   Compared to the Biden administration, since relaxing Title 42--not  yet eliminating it, although that is allegedly coming--relaxing it,  only 64 percent of encounters were enforced between February to April  of 2021, leaving 289,000 expulsions under Title 42.   So what will happen when that additional 60 percent of people are  taken in?   Border Patrol can't do their job, y'all. They can't. Border Patrol is  overrun.   Our border is wide open between the ports of entry because the Border  Patrol is processing people at processing centers in McAllen. The Vice  President would know that if she hadn't missed the mark by 750 miles,  landing her plane in El Paso instead of McAllen.   Tomorrow, 30 to 40 of my colleagues on this side of the aisle--to the  best of my knowledge, zero, unfortunately, on the other side of the  aisle--are going to the border to meet with Governor Abbott and former  President Trump to talk about what is happening in McAllen, where the  actual crisis exists.   My friend from Pennsylvania rightly noted that COVID still remains a  major public health issue at the border, a risk for Americans and  migrants. Latin America and the Caribbean have the world's highest  death toll from COVID in proportion to its population, with 33 million  reported infections and 1 million reported deaths.   Brazil leads the region. It leads the world in the daily average  number of new infections reported. Colombia is reporting the highest  rate of infections in South America. Guatemala is at peak. Honduras is  at 86 percent of peak.   Border Patrol had 9,000 CBP employees test positive, and 32 CBP  employees have died. As of March, 7.4 percent of tests given to UACs in  the past year turned out to be positive, and multiple facilities have  had positivity rates of 10 percent or higher. That is the reality of  what is going on at the border.   Yet Title 42, the health code provisions that allow us to secure the  border during a pandemic, during the spread of communicable diseases,  is about to be jettisoned by the Biden administration, endangering the  American people and endangering our Border Patrol.    We need to enforce the full Title 42 authority, and it is imperative  for border and public health security. That is why we should defeat the  previous question. We will amend the rule to immediate consideration of  my friend from New Mexico's bill, H.R. 471, as amended, that will  preserve existing border health protection measures intended to  safeguard the citizens of our country.    Mr. Speaker, if my Democrat colleagues vote for the previous  [[Page H3256]]  question, which I expect that they will do, they are choosing to pursue  a radical leftist environmental agenda that will harm Americans, that  will harm Americans, rather than secure our border, which we are  presenting as an option, for us to do our job in the people's House, to  actually do our duty as the people's House to secure the border of a  sovereign nation to the benefit of our people, of the State of Texas,  our entire Nation as a whole, and the migrants who seek to come here.   That is the choice right now, ladies and gentlemen. It is a choice  for this body. Choose to secure the border of the United States and  make our country stronger, or secure a political agenda which has no  hope of uniting this country and benefiting the American people.   The small businesses that the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania was  talking about, let's talk about the small businesses that got crushed  under COVID, crushed by the policies of this body and others, that were  shutting businesses down to the tune of 100,000 businesses, forcing  them to close.   Let's talk about the impact of our kids and schools and the masks  being worn, and the mental health issues, and the cancer screenings  that didn't occur because we had locked down and shut down our economy.   And, right now, let's talk about the damage being done to this  country because of wide open borders with empowered cartels.   We should, right now, defeat the previous question so that we can  amend it to do the work of the American people.   