 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  North Carolina for managing the opposition to this.   Look, it is simple. The reason we are here today is to debate the  Democrats' latest episode in their anti-financial technology agenda,  but also their rush to undo any policy of the previous administration,  whether it was good or bad.   Now, here are the facts: More than 30 percent of adults are unbanked  or underbanked, 40 percent do not have enough savings to cover a $400  emergency expense, 42 percent have a subprime credit score and are  rejected for bank loans at a rate four times higher than those with  prime credit.   Now, fintech has been instrumental in expanding access to credit for  consumers who have little or no credit history. Online lending has  grown to $90 billion a year.   So what do consumers typically use these loans to pay for?   Funerals, weddings, car repairs, and home improvement.   Fintech is particularly important for minorities. In fact, fintechs  were the top PPP lenders to Black-owned businesses and Hispanic-owned  businesses during the pandemic.   But there is an issue that has caused difficulty when banks and  fintech companies partner to make loans, and that is the question of  which entity is considered the true lender. Until recently, this  question was attempted to be settled in a series of confusing and  conflicting lawsuits. The courts are divided on it. But, last year, the  OCC finalized a rule to provide much-needed certainty. It is no  surprise that the organizations calling for the rule to be overturned  are the so-called consumer groups that, for the most part, are funded  by trial lawyers.   The Democrats are attempting to overturn this rule because some  imaginary lenders could rent a bank charter to engage in predatory  lending, but as the ranking member has just stated, that is clearly  prohibited in the existing rule. This resolution is devastating to  minority consumers and businesses, those with subprime credit, and the  unbanked.   Instead of giving those people options, this resolution would direct  them to payday lenders, or in States like Georgia where payday lending  is illegal, they will have no access to credit.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to this disastrous resolution.   