 Mr. President, rightfully, when we talk about the issue  of gun violence in this country, we think about it through the prism of  those lives that have been lost because the numbers are just stunning.  They are hard to get your head wrapped around.   Here are the rough numbers in front of me. On an average year, we  have 39,000 people who lose their lives through a gunshot wound. That  is a suicide, a homicide, an accidental shooting, domestic violence  crimes. If you break it down, that is around 100 people a day, and  there is no other high-income nation in the world that comes anywhere  close.   We talk about the issue of gun violence through the prism of people  whose lives have been lost because it is so morally disrupting,  cataclysmic, when you have a loved one--normally, a young loved one, a  brother or sister, a child--who is there one instant and then gone the  next because of a random shooting.   I always get drawn back to the people whom I have been lucky enough  to have had access to and friendships with in Connecticut. One of them  is Janet Rice.   Janet lost her son Shane, who was 20 at the time, to a gunshot wound  back in 2012. It was actually only a month and a half before the Sandy  Hook shooting.   Shane was just selling a car to some acquaintances, and the  conversation went off the rails. There was some pushing and shoving.  There was a gun fired, and Shane was dead.   It is really hard for Janet to describe how her life changed. She  talks a lot about in those early months and years really not being able  to even leave the house. She would drive a couple of blocks to the  corner grocery store because she just didn't want to walk down the  street and encounter friends and have to talk about what happened.   She had this habit of waking up in th middle of the night and driving  her car down to where Shane was shot, which is only about two blocks  from where I live in Hartford. She would arrive there in the middle of  the night, she would pull up in the parking lot,  [[Page S234]]  and she would turn on her high beams, half expecting that Shane was  going to show up.    Her life is fundamentally different today than it was when Shane was  in her life. And I have no idea what it is like to lose a child. I have  no idea what it is like to lose a loved one to gun violence. But we  talk about it in these terms because it is absolutely catastrophic when  you lose somebody that way.   This week, though, is Gun Violence Survivors Week. This week we focus  on those who survived gunshot wounds, and I think I hate to tell you  this, but the numbers are much worse. More people survive gunshot  wounds than are killed by gunshot wounds, and that wound can change  your life as well.   It can inflict you with physical pain that you can never get over,  render you unable to walk, and in our colleague Gabby Giffords' case,  almost unable to speak. But it can also inflict you with an ongoing,  cascading trauma from which you may never recover.   James Harris was shot in Hartford in 2018. He was shot while he and  another friend were just hanging out in the hallway of the friend's  apartment building, when a man showed up and shot James and his friend.  The man was charged with a whole bunch of things, including possession  of an illegal firearm. But they were just in the wrong place at the  wrong time.   His friend lost his life. James survived and, to this day, he  experiences post-traumatic stress disorder, chronic pain, and mental  health challenges that I don't think anybody in this Chamber can get  their head wrapped around.   Tyrek Marquez was shot in the head a decade earlier, in Hartford,  when Tyrek was 7 years old, following a West Indian Day parade in  Hartford in the summer of 2008.   Guess what. The three shooters who were arrested were all found to  have illegal firearms. One of the guns they found in the perpetuation  of that crime had been used in 14 other crimes.   It is a decade later, and Tyrek remains partially paralyzed on the  left side of his body. But he is part of the anti-gun violence  movement. He survived, and he wants to make sure that this never  happens to anybody ever again. ``You've got to overcome obstacles and  that's what I have been'' able to do, he says.   There are 100 people a day who die from guns, but there are just as  many who survive gunshot wounds, and they are now demanding that  something change.   Right now, as we debate a COVID relief package, our focus,  rightfully, is squarely on trying to reverse the disturbing trend of  this virus expanding all across this country and righting the economic  ship of this country. But not coincidental to the pandemic and the  economic meltdown, we saw a dramatic increase in homicides. Some cities  reported 40, 50 percent increases in homicides in 2020 versus 2019. You  saw record numbers of gun sales. Those two things are not coincidental.  And those are just the reportable gun sales. Likely, we saw a dramatic  spike in illegal gun transfers as well. More weapons equals more gun  crimes in this country.   And so knowing that 20, 30 percent of guns get transferred outside of  the legal system, knowing that, as in the case of Tyrek and James, it  was illegal guns that ended up being used to shoot them, as it was for  Shane Oliver in Hartford--that mother I talked about, Janet Rice; Shane  was killed with an illegal gun--to honor Gun Violence Survivors Week,  we have to make a plan this year. We have to make a plan to work on an  issue that can bring us all together.   I hope that Republicans join us in voting for COVID relief funding.  The things in President Biden's package are supported by 70 percent of  the American public. That is impressive. It is really hard to get the  American public to agree on anything at a 70-percent rate. They have  actually done polling on things like kittens and baseball and grandmas,  and it is hard to get 70 percent support for that stuff. So on Joe  Biden's agenda, boy, it must be pretty popular to get 70 percent of the  American public supporting it.   Universal background checks, requiring that everybody have to prove  you are not a criminal or seriously mentally ill before you buy a gun-- that has 90 to 95 percent support. Think about that. That means that  the vast majority of gun owners, of NRA members, of Republicans,  Democrats, Independents, all support universal background checks. It is  something that this body can come together on.   And just like in Tyrek and James's case, every single day we are  presented with evidence of what happens when we let these illegal guns  flow on to our streets. In Pennsylvania, a man purchased two handguns  advertised in a classified ad. He used those guns to kill a person and  wound seven others inside a psychiatric institute. He had failed a  background check at a gun store just a few months prior.   In Illinois, a man killed a Chicago police commander with a gun he  purchased online. He was prohibited from buying a gun because he had a  restraining order.   Wisconsin, a man killed his wife and two other women and wounded four  others with a gun that he purchased outside the background system. Why?  Because he was prohibited from purchasing a gun because of a domestic  violence restraining order.   In Texas, a man killed 7 people and injured 22 others after being  fired from his job. He had failed a background check but was able to  find an unlicensed seller.   I can go on. Over and over and over again, the victims of gun  violence are very often put at risk and put in harm's way because there  are so many guns being sold illegally or so many guns being sold  legally to people who shouldn't have them, like people with serious,  violent criminal records and people who have been arrested for things  like domestic violence.   So, right now, our priority has to be COVID relief, but as we take  part this week in Gun Violence Survivors Week, we have to recognize  that the status quo is not acceptable and that there is something  fundamentally wrong with democracy if a public policy measure can enjoy  90 percent support amongst the American public, and it can't get passed  through the representative bodies that are assembled in the Nation's  Capitol.   Thirty-nine thousand people die every year. More are injured and  survive. And we owe them, in 2021, to pass legislation that finally  starts putting these trajectories downward.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   