 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 38, I call up  the resolution (H. Res. 21) calling on Vice President Michael R. Pence  to convene and mobilize the principal officers of the executive  departments of the Cabinet to activate section 4 of the 25th Amendment  to declare President Donald J. Trump incapable of executing the duties  of his office and to immediately exercise powers as acting President,  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on H. Res. 21.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes to begin.   Mr. Speaker, we have experienced the trauma of a violent attack on  this House of Representatives, on this Chamber, and on all of the  people who work here.   An armed, lawless, and enraged mob smashed windows, beat up and  crushed Capitol Hill Police officers who cried out in agony; overcame  and subdued law enforcement; killed or caused the deaths of at least  five American citizens, including a heroic Capitol Hill Police officer,  Brian Sicknick, and four other Americans; inflicted serious injuries on  dozens of our police officers and other people, including 15 officers  who had to be hospitalized.   Chanting ``stop the steal'' and ``hang Mike Pence,'' they threatened  the lives and safety of the three individuals in the line of succession  to the President of the United States. They built a gallows right  outside the Capitol.   They screamed, ``Where is Nancy?'' They stormed the Speaker's office,  and they occupied it. They stole government property. They trashed the  place.   They terrorized officers, staff, and Members. They brandished the  Confederate battle flag in the Capitol of the United States, something  that didn't even happen during the Civil War.   They allowed hundreds or thousands of people to enter the Capitol  without metal detectors or any kind of security screening at all, not  only to desecrate the temple of democracy and to spit in the face of  Congress but actually to interfere with the counting of electoral  college votes in the 2020 Presidential election.   They may have been looking for Vice President Pence and Speaker  Pelosi, but every person in this room could have died. As a shaken  Senator Lindsey Graham said, ``The mob could have blown the building  up. They could have killed us all.''   Mr. Speaker, whether or not you believe the President's course of  conduct in encouraging, building, summoning, assembling, and inflaming  the mob--lighting the flame, as Congresswoman Liz Cheney put it in a  very powerful and cogent statement this evening--whether you believe  that that was a high crime and misdemeanor, an offense against the  Republic, that is a question for another time. And to put my cards on  the table, I think it was a crime against the Republic.   But leaving that aside, I think every Member in this body should be  able to agree that this President is not meeting the most minimal  duties of office. He is not meeting the oath that he swore, to uphold  and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.  He is not protecting and defending the democracy itself, the process of  electing the President. He is not respecting the peaceful transfer of  power. He is not taking care that the laws are faithfully executed. He  is not protecting the Republic against mob insurrection, invasion, and  hostility. He is not protecting the republican form of government for  the people of the United States when he allowed this to happen.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution is simply asking Vice President Pence to  exercise his powers under the 25th Amendment of the Constitution,  section 4, to convene the Cabinet and to mobilize the Cabinet to state  and articulate what is obvious to the American people--this President  is not meeting the duties of office and is clearly not capable of it-- and to transfer the powers to the Vice President under the 25th  Amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lofgren).    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman reasonably poses the question:  Why are we doing this?   We think that the President of the United States constitutes a clear  and present danger to the Republic and to our people.   For example, on the white supremacist websites that helped to build  the President's mob, they are now calling for a return engagement on  the days of January 19 and 20. They are calling again for an attack on  the Capitol, and they are calling again for the State legislatures, now  in 50 States, to be surrounded.   What will the attitude be of the President of the United States? Will  he give them aid and comfort? Will he wink at them? Will he send them  positive tweets and messages, calling them patriots?   Also, on extreme rightwing websites, they are calling for the  President to pardon the organizers of the armed violent insurrection  that took place in this body not even a week ago. What if the President  decides to pardon them?   We know this President is not living up to the most minimal duties of  his office. That is why we are doing this, to protect the public.   By the way, we are not telling the Vice President what he must do. We  have no authority to do that. We are telling him what we think he  should do and that the Congress will be with him because we know that  he has come under extreme rightwing pressure on everything from the  counting of the electoral college votes to his positions on a whole  range of things to go along with Donald Trump. So, we are trying to  counterbalance that attack on him from the right to say the people want  to see a peaceful way through this.   I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I am honored to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Katko).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Swalwell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Very quickly, the gentlewoman, whom I have not had the pleasure to  meet yet, confuses disability and incapacity. Franklin D. Roosevelt was  in a wheelchair. He had a disability, and he was one of our greatest  Presidents. President Lincoln, according to historians, suffered from  depression, but he was one of our greatest Presidents.   Incapacity is different. Incapacity is demonstrated by President  Trump's complete, total inability to conform his conduct to the rule of  law and the Constitution.   I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. McBath).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Neguse).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I heard one of our colleagues say it was the fault of the mob, not  Donald Trump. But who summoned the mob? Who created the mob? Who  assembled it?   You don't have to trust us if you don't like what you call ``Democrat  Members.'' We do prefer Democratic Members for the new ones, but how  about this? Listen to the chair of your own conference.   The chair of the Republican Conference, Liz Cheney, said, ``The  President of the United States summoned this mob, assembled the mob,  and lit the flame of this attack. Everything that followed was his  doing. None of this would have happened without the President.''   So you can hate the Democrat Members all you want. That is the chair  of the Republican Conference.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Carolyn B. Maloney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina  (Mr. Clyburn).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Krishnamoorthi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Soto).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time both sides have  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the cancel culture of violent white  supremacy tried to cancel out all of our lives last Wednesday.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Panetta).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Bera).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Gomez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 10 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Velazquez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Schiff).     Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on  both sides?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to Mr. Espaillat from New  York.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr.   David Scott), who is the distinguished chairman of the  Agriculture Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   