 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Kentucky is working to recover from the  deadly storms and tornadoes. Each day brings entirely new challenges.  Tens of thousands are still dealing with water, gas, or power outages.  Families are in shock and grief over the loss of loved ones. Rebuilding  the areas in Kentucky leveled by this storm will take months, if not  years, to complete.   Amid this pain, though, bright lights of hope shine through. In the  face of tragedy, Kentuckians are still as strong and as generous as we  have always been.   Yesterday, I spoke with the Taylor County judge-executive. He told me  that 70 families in his county had lost their homes in the storm.  Emergency responders made shelters available, but folks were completely  taken in by family, friends, or neighbors--just the kind of people we  have in Kentucky.   In Mayfield, residents are already beginning to rebuild only days  after the storm leveled full city blocks. Churches hosted Sunday  services this past weekend. Locals brought their chain saws and cleared  debris from the city's roads. People from nearby counties and States  have flooded--literally flooded--in to help.   One man, Jimmy Finch, has struck a chord with America's hearts all  across the country. He had no connections to Mayfield whatsoever. He is  from Clarksville, TN. But after the disaster, he borrowed a big meat  smoker, got into his car, made the hour-and-a-half journey in the dead  of night and started serving up food the next morning. This fellow from  Tennessee came up to Kentucky and brought a whole bunch of food. On  Sunday morning, for hours, he fed chicken, hot links, and burgers to  hungry residents who had been without heat or power for days.   Western Kentucky's radio and TV stations have kept operating  throughout this crisis, delivering vital information, even amid roving  power outages. State parks opened their doors to residents who lost  their homes. Businesses, individuals, and charities have been generous  with food, water, and shelter.   Kentucky's first responders are working hand in hand with FEMA to  provide coordinated relief. Doctors, nurses, firefighters, and law  enforcement officers are working literally through the night. Utility  workers are making a Herculean effort to restore power and water.   Hundreds of Kentucky National Guardsmen have deployed to Western  Kentucky to offer their assistance. And in Fort Campbell, the Federal  Government has provided a critical lifeline of support: 61 generators,  74,000 meals, 135,000 liters of water, thousands of cots and blankets,  all supplied by Fort Campbell.   I am in close contact with Governor Beshear, our Federal Agencies,  and local leaders. My staff and I have been in frequent touch with the  White House.  [[Page S9129]]    Kentucky will come back from this bigger and better than ever before.  I will make sure the Senate provides all the assistance we can to make  sure that is a reality.   