 Madam Speaker, I never had the privilege and blessing to  meet Luke Letlow in person and to share our hearts and enjoy the  blessed gift of fellowship. But to be honest, I still feel a bond and a  connection and a friendship with Luke because we were both married to  beautiful, successful women, and we certainly outkicked our coverage;  we both had two children; and we both chose public service and  eventually ran for Congress.   Luke left this world far too early, only 41. The scourge of an evil  virus whose growth across the globe was fostered by the nefarious  denial and negligence of a Communist regime in Beijing.   COVID-19 has claimed millions, 500,000 here at home, and it stole  Luke from us. Luke Letlow, a man in his prime who had everything to  live for, is now gone. And it shouldn't be that way.   He should be with us today. He should be with us here, voting,  visiting, talking, learning, and leading. But COVID robbed our country  and this Chamber of Luke Letlow.   This same scourge, Madam Speaker, crossed my path 3\1/2\ weeks ago,  and it damn near killed me. I experienced the worst pain in my life. I  had bacterial and viral pneumonia, along with the virus thriving in my  body at the same time. I thought I was going to die. Prayers and  terrific American medical care spared me. So I am not going to hold  back, and I am just going to talk frankly and from the heart.   I am consumed today, right now, this very moment, with why. Why is  Luke gone? Why was I spared? Why are 500,000 Americans dead? I don't  know. But I do have a strong belief that we all have a purpose, and  everyone in this Chamber has a purpose the Almighty has for us, and we  just don't know what it is yet.   I feel, now that I have been gifted bonus decades, I want to know  what I should do with those years. How should I lead my life? The  bottom line is, we all should ask ourselves that question and exercise  the power that we have within each of our souls to be kinder, to be  gentler, to be more understanding, to smile when somebody walks on an  elevator. It costs us nothing to do these things. We should live for  others. And above all, we should love and never be ashamed to be  vulnerable and love thy neighbor.   We want to honor Luke Letlow? You want to honor his legacy and his  life? Then live and love and be joyous and be kind. Live for others  with all of your hearts. I am not the least bit ashamed to say that I  am going to try.   That is what we are here for, and that is our purpose. Let's  acknowledge the bounties and the blessings and the very gift of life  itself because life is short, and it is delicate, and it is fragile,  and it is fleeting, and it is also so very beautiful.   Luke, we are praying for you. We miss you; we love you; and we are  going to be there for Julia and your kids.   