 Mr. President, a few weeks ago, President Biden  nominated Tracy Stone-Manning to be the leader of the Bureau of Land  Management. Many people in my State don't know much about the Bureau of  Land Management. We don't have a lot of areas actually managed in our  State by BLM. It has more than 10,000 employees. It manages roughly an  eighth of the Nation's land, including 65 million acres of our forests.  The land holds 30 percent of our minerals. Whoever leads this entity  leads the issue of how we are managing our forests, how we are handling  our minerals, how we are handling our energy development, livestock  grazing, recreation, and, yes, timber harvesting.   The individual President Biden nominated we now know was an Earth  First! ecoterrorist. She actually typed out, as she has admitted in the  past, a threatening letter that was sent out to leaders who were doing  forestry in Idaho, saying in her letter that she typed out--and she has  admitted that she typed out the threatening letter--that ``we,'' as she  put it, drove 500 pounds of spikes into the trees in the Idaho forest  and then threatened them, to say: If you harvest those trees, it will  not be good for you.  [[Page S5092]]    The challenge that we have here is that we have an individual who has  admitted that she actually was a part of a group to do tree spiking.  Now, what we don't know is if she actually drove a spike. We have no  idea. But we do know that she turned evidence on the other people who  did and admitted as a part of her plea bargain that she is the one who  actually did the letter from a rented typewriter to be able to make  sure she couldn't be traced and even in the letter said: If you find  me, it would be ``your worst nightmare.''   So what do we do about this? Typically, when you are going to deal  with the person who handles forestry for the United States and the  Bureau of Land Management and you find out this person has been  involved in tree spiking, which actually is designed to injure or kill  people who are logging or people who are actually harvesting the lumber  in the sawmills and actually processing that lumber, it would cause a  pause.   I cannot imagine what it is going to be if she is actually confirmed  in this position, and the individuals who come to her to get a permit  to be able to do any kind of forestry work, because they would have to  actually come to her office, what they would think when they actually  walked through the door, because the Bureau of Land Management notices  timber sales and signs off on timber sales for the country. The Bureau  of Land Management is the one that makes forest product sale plans. The  Bureau of Land Management is the one that develops, maintains, and  revises the plans for all public management, including identifying  areas for timber sales. In fact, the Bureau of Land Management is also  the group who sends in the firefighters to the wildfires to be able to  put out the fires, which could be including some of these same trees in  the days ahead that apparently still have the spikes in them from  decades ago. Understanding this is not just a loose issue. Individuals  from the Biden administration just recently have talked about how  timber harvesters and haulers are critical to forest management across  the country. We need these individuals to help with our forest  management. We have wildfires in the areas that individuals in the  Biden administration have testified because we are actually not  maintaining our forest management enough. We are not doing enough  harvesting and thinning in those areas, and so it is actually a  problem.    In fact, Christopher French, the Deputy Chief of the National Forest  System, recently testified the Forest Service research indicates we  need to dramatically increase the extent of impact of fuels treatment,  such as thinning, harvesting, planting, and prescribed burning across  all landscapes.   But yet the leader for the Bureau of Land Management who has been  recommended is an individual who has been outspoken in opposition, so  much so that she has been active in actually promoting spiking trees.   And it is not just spiking trees. It has also been her environmental  issues about grazing land--understanding the Bureau of Land Management  is responsible for millions of acres of grazing pastureland across the  West. Because the Federal Government owns so much land across the West,  many ranchers actually then lease out some of that land for grazing.  She has been outspoken as an opponent against this. That is not going  to help our ranchers across the West.   And what was most stark to me was this presentation that she had  years ago, where she designed several of what she considered to be  environmental-focused advertisements, this being one of them where she  has a picture of a young girl, and the heading is: ``Can you find the  environmental hazard in this photo?''   And then she lists out at the bottom of it: ``That's right. It's the  cute baby that's the environmental hazard.''   With this statement below that, she wrote: ``We breed more than any  other industrialized nation.''   Listen, I understand every President has the right to pick their  team, but when the leader of the Bureau of Land Management considers  this little girl to be an environmental hazard, have we not crossed a  threshold of saying our problem with our environment is that we have  too many little girls?   Honestly, is anyone else disturbed by this as a possibility to lead  the Bureau of Land Management, to make a decision about how we are  going to manage our forests, how we are going to handle our grazing  land, and what is going to be the general attitude about permitting and  people?   Because, apparently, from what she wrote, one of the biggest  environmental hazards we have as a country is we breed too much.   I don't think that little girl is a hazard. I think it is a little  girl. And I will absolutely oppose Tracy Stone-Manning to lead the  Bureau of Land Management. And I would ask my colleagues, even one of  my colleagues on the other side, to say: Do you not see a problem with  this nominee?   If so, let's find another person. Surely there is another Democrat  out there who doesn't have this set of views, who can lead our  forestry, our grazing area, and our mineral rights. Surely there is one  more Democrat who is out there somewhere who does not share these  views, because I don't think that little girl is a hazard. I think she  is a blessing.   With that, I yield the floor.   