 Madam Speaker, what a mess. Truly, what a  mess.   Just about 9 months ago, I stood on this floor when we were debating  the Biden bailout bill, and I warned the gentleman from Nevada how much  the seniors in his State were going to lose in Medicare cuts. I said it  State by State for everyone who spoke. You know what? Everyone on that  side of the aisle, Madam Speaker, acted like it wouldn't happen. They  still wanted to spend $2 trillion.   But guess what? Reality has set in, and we are here. Unless you try  to wipe away the scorecard for your reckless spending, seniors are  going to have cuts. Why? Because of a law that Democrats passed in  2010, the Pay-As-You-Go Act.   Nancy Pelosi loved the act then. President Obama signed that act into  law, Madam Speaker. You guys just want to wipe the slate clean.   Madam Speaker, we are here today for two reasons. First, because  Democrats blew up a bipartisan agreement this afternoon--this  afternoon--and second is because there are looming cuts to seniors and  farmers and to programs that millions of Americans rely on because of  reckless Democrat spending.   Republicans have warned since March that these cuts would happen. In  fact, the $2 trillion Biden bailout bill that Democrats rammed through  Congress is what triggered a sizable portion of these cuts in the first  place under the Pay-As-You-Go Act.   Their bailout bill is the largest tranche of spending ever added to a  paygo scorecard in the history of Congress--in the history of  Congress--the $2 trillion expenditure back in March.   Speaker Pelosi said in 2009 that pay-as-you-go budgeting ``will help  return our Nation to sound fiscal health.'' It was President Obama who  signed paygo into law, as I stated. But now the Democrat deficit  spending is forcing cuts, and they are singing a much different tune.   In fact, just today--just today--the chairman of the House Budget  Committee said about paygo: It ``has never been an effective tool of  fiscal policy.''   The fact is, Democrats should be working in a bipartisan way to  protect seniors from these cuts, including those stemming from the  Budget Control Act sequester and the Medicare physician fee schedule.  But in typical fashion, Democrats have decided to abandon  bipartisanship and just kick the can down the road over and over again.   We can stop these cuts, but we should do it in a responsible way, one  that addresses wasteful spending and puts in place some commonsense  reforms.  [[Page H6932]]    How about rescinding money from the Biden bailout bill that is  fueling inflation? Maybe Congress could tighten up our laws so Federal  benefits and payments aren't flowing to illegal immigrants instead of  American citizens, or put commonsense work requirements in place for  Federal programs so American businesses can reopen.   Legislation I have introduced today does just that, and I would hope  my colleagues across the aisle would support this effort to save  seniors and others from cuts.    This includes those cuts Democrats have  directly caused with their reckless spending this year. Since the  beginning of this Congress, House Democrats have passed $7 trillion--$7  trillion--in new spending.   We have an inflation crisis, a border crisis, an energy crisis, and  Democrats also chose to create a debt limit crisis that they want  Republicans to help solve. One party, one rule, this is what you get.   We have been clear from the beginning: If Democrats are going to  pursue a partisan agenda that adds trillions to the debt, they can find  the votes to raise the debt limit themselves. Republicans will not  cosign a loan to enact a radical socialist agenda.   