 Mr. President, last week we paused as a Congress to  recognize half a million people who have died in the United States due  to COVID. Unfortunately, that number is still climbing. Half a million.  That is a lot of families that are affected. Those are a lot of lives  lost. That is a lot of pain that we have experienced as a nation, and  obviously that is a global pain that is being experienced.   Over the last now 11 months, this Congress has gathered in a  bipartisan way five times, with wide bipartisan majorities, to be able  to address the issue of COVID-19. We have allocated $4 trillion, all of  it borrowed, all of it--none of this was budgeted money--all of that  borrowed money, with a common agreement that this is a pandemic and a  crisis and that to be able to stabilize the American economy, we have  to do what we have to do, but we should not do more than we have to,  knowing that every dollar we are spending is borrowed.   Last year, at almost this exact same date, this Congress gathered  together and put together a $2 trillion CARES Act package. It was an  aggressive package because we saw the shutdown of the American economy.  Quite frankly, we saw the shutdown of the world's economy at that time  period. Literally, the world seemed to stop by the end of March, and we  all went into seclusion. We saw dramatic spikes in unemployment and  desperate need around the country, but we all knew this was a crisis  moment and we would get through it and we would get out of it.   Now, almost a year later, where we saw unemployment soaring to 15  percent-plus across the country, we are now at 6.7 percent  unemployment. Every State is opened at some stage, and some States  completely opened. Many schools are open. Some schools continue to stay  closed and say they are afraid and that they are not going to reengage,  while thousands and thousands of other schools around the country are  open and taking care of their kids in person.   We have seen this patchwork of response, but one thing is very true  about right now versus 11 months ago. We are in a very different place  now, as an economy and as a nation, than what we were 11 months ago.  But the strange thing is, now, 11 months later, my Democratic  colleagues are putting forward a $1.9 trillion package, almost the  exact same size of what we had getting into the beginning of this. They  are doing it. As just about everyone sees we are at the end, they want  to borrow another $2 trillion.   It is not just $2 trillion to be able to spend toward COVID. I wish  that were so. One percent of this package actually goes toward  vaccines. Five percent of this package actually goes toward public  health. In the school funding portion of it, 95 percent of the funding  in the school funding portion of it, which is $170 billion for school  funding, won't even be spent this year at all--at all.   Let me run that past you again. Ninety-five percent of the $170  billion allocated for funding for schools won't be spent in the year of  the pandemic at all. It is future spending. To give you a picture of  how big $170 billion is toward education, the total U.S. education  budget for the entire Department of Education this year is $66 billion.  For the entire year, for all of education in the whole country, it is  $66 billion, and my Democratic colleagues say: But we need to spend  $170 billion just for COVID, which, by the way, we are not going to  even start spending until next year.   Do you know why? Because this bill is not about COVID. I wish it  were, because there is real need out there. I wish it were. This is for  things like $350 billion to go to cities and States, to be able to bail  out some of their pension funds and other things that are there.   Why do I say that? Because when you look at the statistics of the  revenue loss for the States--across the entire United States, the  revenue loss for all States is .1 percent from last year--.1 percent-- not 1 percent, .1 percent change, because almost every State is  dependent on property tax, and as people who pay property tax know, you  are still going to have to pay your property tax. So the revenues,  quite frankly, continue to stay strong.    In many of the cities that I have in Oklahoma--in fact, one of the  cities in my State just last week reported their revenue for sales tax  revenue is up 20 percent--20 percent, in their revenue--because people  are staying home and shopping more. They are doing more shopping  online, so the tax revenue is actually coming back into their States  and their cities even more in many of these communities.   But there is $350 billion allocated to these cities. You would think,  well, there will be some fair distribution. Actually, that would be  nice, but it is not true. They set up an unemployment formula that is  based on, those States that shut down the longest and  [[Page S984]]  kept everything closed the longest, they are the ones that actually get  the most money.   So, in other words, if you reopened your economy and you worked to  get your schools opened and you worked to get jobs opened, you get a  chance to have very little support. If you stayed closed and kept your  schools closed and kept your businesses closed, well, then you will get  additional dollars coming in, regardless of what your revenue is--even  for big States like California that their revenue actually went up last  year.   Let me run that past you again. California's revenue went up last  year. They get $27 billion out of this, after their revenue went up.   Remember that, in the CARES Act last March, this Congress added $150  billion to cities and States, $150 billion, and spread that around the  country to be able to cover it because there was a panic to think there  were going to be major losses, but at the end of it, .1 percent off of  the previous year.   This has additional funding for Planned Parenthood. I am not sure why  abortion is needed for COVID relief, but they have additional money for  Planned Parenthood included. They have a tunnel for San Francisco,  which clearly is not COVID related, a bridge in New York State, $50  million for climate justice grants. There are--on and on and on--all  these additional things that are just stuck into the process.   And I would say this Congress has been active to be able to do what  it takes to be able to help in every moment, but we have also tried to  be wise in the process to say let's spend what needs to be spent when  it needs to be spent.   Let me give you an example of that. As I mentioned, for vaccines in  this particular bill, 1 percent is set aside for vaccines. That would  be interesting except for the fact, in vaccines, the CDC has  distributed only $3 billion of the almost $9 billion that Congress has  allocated to the CDC for vaccine distribution. They still have almost  $6 billion remaining for vaccines right now.   They have spent only $20 billion of the $37 billion allocated for the  vaccine treatment and development and testing--only $20 billion of the  $37 billion for the actual development and treatment--still another $6  billion remaining for distribution.   And on top of all that, today the Biden administration said they have  struck new deals with vaccine folks so they can get vaccines to every  single American by the end of May. They already have all that they need  for vaccine distribution, development, and purchasing, yet this  particular bill asks for billions more in vaccine because that sounds  like a good idea--except, when you check the facts, they already have  all they need for the vaccine purchase, development, distribution.   But it sounds good, kind of like, we need more money for education.  It sounds good when you say you need more money for education, except  for the vast majority of the education funds, like around $86 billion,  is still unspent from the previous bills in education money that was  sent.   For the ag money that has been allocated, $26 billion for ag just  done in December, only $24 billion remains of that $26 billion. In  other words, ample funds are still sitting there for ag, for assistance  for schools, for vaccines, for testing.   There is $14 billion still remaining in the fund for testing,  untapped. But my Democratic colleagues can go to the microphone and say  we need money for schools and for vaccines and for testing. And  everyone is like, ``Oh, my gosh, certainly, we do,'' until you check  the facts and find out this is not about vaccine and testing and  schools at all. It is about all the pet programs that go with it, and  it is about allocating billions and billions and billions of dollars to  agencies so they can hold them and use them for other things.   That is what this is about, and it hides under the cloak of COVID,  and it hides behind the pain of half a million Americans who have lost  friends and family members.   Don't use their pain to be able to amp up government. Let's have the  debate about issues that we need to have on government, but don't abuse  the pain of Americans and pretend you are trying to fix something that  we are not trying to fix.   I yield floor.   