 Madam Speaker, let me be blunt: there is a crisis at  our southern border. You have heard about it from my Republican  colleagues and I over the past few days. Just this year, more than  200,000 people have illegally crossed our border, including four known  terrorists.   We must do something to stop this disturbing trend. The U.S. is a  country of law and order. We must continue working to reform our broken  immigration laws and enhance our border security.   That is exactly what this legislation will do. The Farm Workforce  Modernization Act is a truly bipartisan bill, negotiated over many  months by agriculture and labor representatives alike, to ensure those  who wish to can come to our country, abide by our laws and contribute  to our farms, ranches, and local communities.   The bill creates an employment- and merit-based program for foreign  workers to legally work in agriculture, eliminating incentives for  illegal migration and strengthening both our national security and our  national food supply chain.   This legislation streamlines our H-2A guest worker program, giving  employers more flexibility and allowing access for year-round  agriculture sectors like dairy and horticulture.   Finally, the bill phases in E-Verify. So, once these laws are in  place, we can enforce them and ensure that workers maintain a legal  work status.   Madam Speaker, I come from one of the most productive agricultural  regions in the world, where many of our crops are labor intensive. As  much as producers would prefer to hire American workers to work in  their fields, in their orchards, and in their dairies, there simply  isn't enough interest among domestic workers to get these jobs done.   For decades, Congress has attempted to pass comprehensive immigration  reform to address our agricultural workforce, but we have been  unsuccessful. This bill is the targeted, bipartisan solution our  farmers and ranchers need.   I want to thank Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Diaz-Balart, Mr. Simpson, Mr.  LaMalfa, and many others. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so  we can get it to the President's desk for America's agricultural  industry.   