 Madam President, when Senators were last in this  Chamber, our Democratic colleagues were shooting down amendment after  amendment to ensure their largely non-COVID-related spending plan  remained very liberal and purely partisan.   Republicans proposed amendments to cap extra government help for  wealthier Americans, to ensure that direct checks would only go to  citizens and legal residents and not to people in prison, and to rein  in runaway State and local bailouts and refocus the bill on urgent  COVID-related actual needs. But Democrats banded together to defeat  every one of these commonsense changes. As the Democratic leader  happily explained to reporters later on Saturday, his whole conference  put lockstep party unity ahead of substance and ahead of bipartisan  compromise.   So the nearly $2 trillion partisan spending spree that President  Biden's Chief of Staff brags is ``the most progressive domestic  legislation in a generation'' is on its way over to the House. Already,  we hear reporting that this giveaway will simply wipe out the budget  deficit of New York State and eliminate a big part of the deficit in  San Francisco, courtesy of the taxpayers in Kentucky and Middle  America. Already, we hear the administration saying they want some of  these sweeping new welfare policies to become permanent, like a no- strings-attached benefit that disregards all the pro-work lessons of  bipartisan welfare reform. Meanwhile, it only manages to spend about 1  percent on vaccinations and less than 9 percent on the entire health  fight.   Democrats inherited a turning tide. The vaccine trends and economic  trends were in place before the bill was ever voted on, before this  President was sworn in, but they are determined to push to the front of  the parade with an effort to push America to the left.   Meanwhile, House Democrats are wasting no time pursuing even more  purely partisan legislation. Last Wednesday, the House passed H.R. 1,  their effort to rewrite the ground rules of American elections and  seize power from States and localities. Just like the spending plan, in  both Chambers, once again the only thing bipartisan about the bill was  the opposition.   This is House Democrats' bid to put Federal bureaucrats in charge of  local election rules; to undermine voter ID requirements with massive  loopholes that undermine them; to require every State to permit ballot  harvesting, which lets paid political operatives produce stacks of  ballots with other people's names on them; to overturn or change  hundreds of State election laws; and to turn our highest election  authority, the equally balanced FEC, into a partisan majority body to  crack down on speech and ideas they don't like.   It is quite the recipe for rebuilding public faith in our democracy  on all sides--a purely partisan effort to seize unprecedented power for  Washington, DC, on a razor-thin majority. It is a hugely harmful idea  at the worst possible time.   