 Mr. President, I come to the floor to echo the sentiments  of my colleague, Senator Marco Rubio. Our annual national defense bill  is being held up because Speaker Pelosi and Leader Schumer are refusing  to allow a vote on a provision--the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention  Act--that prevents Chinese goods made with forced labor--slave labor-- from entering the United States. This bill was previously passed by the  Senate on a unanimous vote.   The Chinese Communist Party's atrocities against its minorities,  particularly Uyghur people, include genocide and crimes against  humanity. These are well known. Uyghur women are forcibly sterilized  and impregnated by Han Chinese men. Adults are ripped from their  families and are sentenced into concentration camps and carry out slave  labor. It is estimated that nearly 1 million Uyghur people are being  treated this way and held in these camps.   There is no question that it should be U.S. policy to hold  accountable those responsible for the forced labor of the Uyghurs and  ensure that companies--our companies--are monitoring their supply  chains and circumstances of workers making products in China, to make  sure those products that are made by slave labor by the Uyghur people  are not brought into this country. That is the feeling of the unanimous  vote of the Senators, which we already expressed.  [[Page S8891]]    Congressional Democratic leadership is claiming that the problem with  including this amendment is a technicality, but let's be clear that  what is really happening here is there are some corporations that  Democrats don't want to offend. For example, Democrats want cheap  batteries for their so-called Build Back Better agenda. And nearly 80  percent of the rare earth metals, including other materials like  lithium and cobalt and the like that are used to make those batteries,  come from China.   And let's underscore this. When companies and politicians avert their  eyes from China's predations, from China's slavery, they are  effectively paying the cannibals to eat them last. China is coming for  them, and it is coming for us.   Now, we have, in this year's National Defense Authorization Act, the  opportunity to strike a blow against China's slavery. I implore Speaker  Pelosi and Leader Schumer to move past procedural roadblocks and send a  clear, convincing message to China and the world at large that goods  produced with slave labor are not allowed in the United States of  America.   