 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, we, as Members of Congress, all personally experienced  the January 6 insurrection. And we owe it not only to the people of our  Nation,  [[Page H2627]]  but to the democratic institutions in which we serve to investigate  this attack, prosecute those involved to the full extent, and ensure  that such an event never happens again. Madam Speaker, there is only  one man, one person who is quoted on the walls of this august Chamber,  this people's House.   Madam Speaker, that quotation is above your head, and it is by that  man, Daniel Webster. This Nation was founded on the principle that we  are a Nation of laws, not based on the caprice or the whim of people.  We are a Nation of laws and there was no stronger advocate for that  principle than Daniel Webster.   And he said this: He said: The law: it has honored us; let us honor  it by executing it in its fullest severity.   If we don't do a proper job of investigating that insurrection on  January 6 and prosecuting the people at fault, and the people in  derogation of the criminal laws of this Nation, we will make a mockery,  a sham of everything that Daniel Webster stood for.   To achieve the goal of full accountability and adherence to the law  in my position of chair of the Commerce, Justice, and Science  Appropriation Subcommittee, I have been actively involved in addressing  the issues raised following the January 6 insurrection, beginning with  the immediate investigation and continuing over the days and weeks  following the attack on the Capitol.   My subcommittee dug into the subject at public hearings this spring.  We explored the subject of domestic violent extremism in our hearing  with the Attorney General and the Justice Department's national  security division.   Based on the results of these efforts, the CJS Subcommittee included  funding for three priorities from January 6 security supplemental:  Reimbursing several Justice Department bureaus for the January 6- related expenses; more resources to enhance the security of Federal  judges; and most importantly, increased resources for Federal  prosecutors to ensure they have the funding to implement the widest  possible prosecution policy aimed at bringing to justice the  perpetrators of January 6.   Again, I urge my colleagues to support this critical piece of  legislation to ensure the safety and security of our democracy. Madam  Speaker, I thank my fellow subcommittee chairs.   