 Madam Speaker, by direction of the  Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United  States Capitol, I call up the report (H. Rept. 117-216) and  accompanying resolution recommending that the House of Representatives  find Mark Randall Meadows in contempt of Congress for refusal to comply  with a subpoena duly issued by the Select Committee to Investigate the  January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol.   The Clerk read the title of the report.    Madam Speaker, by direction of the  Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United  States Capitol, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 851) recommending  that the House of Representatives find Mark Randall Meadows in contempt  of Congress for refusal to comply with a subpoena duly issued by the  Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United  States Capitol, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent  that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and  extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this measure.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, it is regrettable that we are back on the floor  considering another criminal contempt referral, but our former  colleague, Mr. Meadows, has left us no choice.   The select committee is investigating an attack on our democracy, and  it is essential that witnesses cooperate with our investigation to get  answers. The law requires them to do so. And when a witness defies the  law, that amounts to more than obstructing our investigation, it is an  attack on the rule of law.   In September, the select committee subpoenaed Mr. Meadows for records  and testimony because we believed he had information relevant to our  investigation.   For weeks, we went back and forth with Mr. Meadows, through his  lawyer, to try to get cooperation. We extended his initial deposition  date to November 12. When the date came, he hadn't produced any  documents, and he didn't show up. Throughout this time, Mr. Meadows and  his representatives made a lot of noise about executive privilege and  so-called absolute immunity; the idea that people who serve or served  in certain senior roles are completely exempt from testifying before  Congress.   Now, let's be clear. Courts have rejected absolute immunity at every  opportunity, and the Justice Department has never authored an opinion  that would support the sort of claim Mr. Meadows had made about his  unofficial conduct. And we have lots of questions for Mr. Meadows about  the unofficial conduct. And as for executive privilege, President Biden  has chosen not to invoke it as far as Mr. Meadows is concerned.   So Mr. Meadows was obligated to comply with our subpoena and appear  at a deposition. When he didn't, we were prepared at that point to move  ahead with contempt proceedings. But at the same time, Madam Speaker,  out of an abundance of fairness, we gave Mr. Meadows a final chance to  cooperate.   When he faced the possibility of contempt a few weeks ago, he finally  decided, in part, to do the right thing and start providing  information. He turned over roughly 9,000 pages of records that he  himself said couldn't be covered by any claim of privilege. He also  said he would appear at a deposition with the select committee, which  we scheduled for December 8.   This is key. In an investigation like ours, when you produce records,  you are expected to come in and answer questions about those records.  And because not even Mr. Meadows was asserting any privilege claim over  these records, there is no possible justification for wholesale  refusing to answer questions about them.   But that is what he did. He told us the day before his deposition-- the same day his book was published--that he would no longer cooperate  with our investigation, and that he wasn't coming in to be interviewed.   Put all the other arguments aside. This isn't about any sort of  privilege or immunity. This is about Mr. Meadows refusing to comply  with a subpoena to discuss the records he himself turned over. Now he  is hiding behind excuses.   And at the end of the day, it is a simple proposition: If you are  making excuses to avoid cooperating with our investigations, you are  making excuses to hide the truth from the American people about what  happened on January 6. You are making excuses as part of a coverup. And  if you echo these excuses, if you base your arguments on these excuses,  if you adopt these excuses as your own to explain why you will not take  action, then you are part of that coverup, too.   I want my colleagues to think long and hard about that; because as  the select committee has made clear in the last day and will continue  to make clear, there was a steady stream of communication between  certain Members of Congress and Mr. Meadows about matters central to  our investigation.   We have questions about those communications. We will pursue those  questions. And we won't let the facts be buried by a coverup.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader  of the House.    Madam Speaker, just for the record, the  gentleman from Ohio is aware of congressional oversight prerogatives.  When Mr. Meadows was a member and later chairman of the House Committee  on Oversight and Reform, he himself demanded testimony from senior  executive branch officials and chided those who failed to cooperate  with congressional oversight.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Schiff), the distinguished chairman of the House Intelligence  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Luria), a distinguished member of the  select committee, as well as the Committees on Armed Services, Homeland  Security, and Veterans' Affairs.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close  after the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney) and the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks).   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   I thank my colleague from Wyoming for supporting this effort of the  committee. She has been a wonderful member of the committee, and I look  forward to continuing the relationship.   I thank my colleagues who presented on the majority side today who  made a clear case of why Mr. Meadows' defiance is unacceptable.   I take no joy in having to ask this House to make this referral. Mr.  Meadows served here with us for 7 years, but that doesn't excuse his  conduct. If anything, he should know better.   It is disappointing that he put himself in this category with a small  handful of uncooperative witnesses who are drawing out a lot of  attention hiding behind every privilege you can think of trying to slow  down and slow-walk this process. We want to hear from them all.   But we have heard from more than 300 witnesses. Just this week, three  significant individuals have already come in and spoken with us on the  record. As you have heard, last night and today, we have made some  significant findings. This investigation is moving ahead swiftly, but  even with all that cooperation, we need to send a clear message that  this sort of defiance of the rule of law cannot stand.   We need to hear from Mr. Meadows, and his refusal to appear is plain  and simple contempt.   I ask all Members to support this resolution, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   