 Madam President, Colin Kahl is President Biden's nominee  to be the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. This is the top  strategic planning position at the Department of Defense--the No. 3  position at our Department of Defense. The role is critically important  to the national security of our country and the safety of our allies  around the world.   Unfortunately, Mr. Kahl is temperamentally and professionally unfit  to hold this--or, for that matter, virtually any other--job at the  Pentagon. He is impulsive, intemperate, offensive, and has consistently  demonstrated terrible judgment.   For the past several years, Mr. Kahl has endeavored, for some  inexplicable reason, to be something of a Twitter celebrity--not  exactly aiming his sights high. In pursuit of this goal, he has  personally attacked the character and reputation of virtually every  Republican Senator, as well, I would say, with lots of Democratic  Senators.   He has tweeted that Members of both parties who supported the  withdrawal from the terrible Iran nuclear deal ``won't be satisfied  until they get the war they pushed for decades.''   He wrote that 45 Senators who supported weapon sales to Saudi Arabia  share ``ownership of the world's worst humanitarian crisis.'' This  claim, in which he referred to the war in Yemen, of course, ignores the  role of Iran's murderous, terrorist proxies, something, of course, that  Colin Kahl repeatedly turns a blind eye to everywhere in the world-- Iran's evil malignancy.   On a separate occasion, Mr. Kahl said that every Republican who  supported an end to combat operations in Syria ``debased themselves at  the altar of Trump.'' He then added that the party of Lincoln is ``the  party of ethnic cleansing.'' Let's let that sink in for a moment.   Joe Biden has nominated a man to be the No. 3 official at our  Department of Defense who has accused one of the two main political  parties in our country as being ``the party of ethnic cleansing.'' It  is hard to imagine an uglier or more vicious accusation than that.   Perhaps Mr. Kahl could ask Bill Clinton and Susan Rice, on whose  watch the ethnic cleansing in Rwanda happened.   When John Bolton was about to become the National Security Advisor,  Mr. Kahl, quite reasonably, stated on social media: ``We are going to  die.''   To my knowledge, we are not dead, and Mr. Kahl is very much alive,  despite John Bolton being appointed as a staffer in the U.S.  Government. He also claimed that the Republican Party had a ``death  cult fealty'' to former President Trump. These statements and many more  make it difficult to conceive of a circumstance in which this nominee  could successfully forge a productive relationship with Members of the  Republican Party in the Senate or the House or anywhere else, for that  matter.    Mr. Kahl's ranting and raving on social media in 2017 may have even  gone from offensive to criminal on several occasions. It appears that  several of Mr. Kahl's tweets divulge or confirm classified and  sensitive information. I recently joined 17 of my fellow Senators in  requesting a full FBI investigation into this very serious and  troubling matter. No vote should occur until that important inquiry  takes place.   Now, the nominee's transgressions on social media are somewhat  reminiscent of Neera Tanden's foolish statements on that social media  platform. I think this Chamber set a reasonable standard when it  rightfully rejected her nomination, and we ought to maintain that  standard with this nominee.  [[Page S2111]]    In many ways, though, Mr. Kahl's behavior is worse than Ms. Tanden's  because his poisonous partisanship, his narrow-sightedness, and his  short temper will directly affect his job. He is up for a post that is  less partisan and more cooperative in nature than was Ms. Tanden's. His  position will require him to be under extreme stress, where he will  need to listen to a full range of options, engage in careful  deliberation, and regularly make life-and-death decisions. I have to  say, his auditions as a social media celebrity over the last 5 years  don't inspire confidence in his ability to do so.   When I asked him about this at his hearing, he said he may have  gotten caught up in the passions of the moment or that these were  stressful, trying times. Some of these social media statements, I would  point out, came in the middle of the night when Mr. Kahl was presumably  sitting on his couch at home watching his news feed. If he thinks that  is a stressful or trying moment, what is he going to do when he is  sitting in the Pentagon and Vladimir Putin is invading southern  Ukraine?   Talking about foreign policy decisions, I would point out that Mr.  Kahl has been like Joe Biden--wrong about nearly every important  foreign policy decision over the last decade. In 2010, Mr. Kahl said  that concerns about a rapid withdrawal from Iraq were ``exaggerated''  and it was ``very unlikely to trigger a dramatic uptick in violence.''  He missed that one by just a little bit because soon thereafter, 30,000  radical Islamic extremists conquered a quarter of Iraq, and ISIS  carried out horrific terrorist attacks on multiple continents.   In 2012, he ridiculed then-Candidate Mitt Romney's, now-Senator Mitt  Romney's assertion that Russia was a major geopolitical threat. Of  course, 2 years later, Russia invaded Ukraine and conquered Crimea. It  has since been an obsession of the Democratic Party, even though Joe  Biden has once again reverted to the Democrats' traditional dovishness  on Russia, something presumably Mr. Kahl would support.   In 2017, he predicted that recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of  Israel, where the seat of Israel's Government is located, would result  in a ``third Intifada.'' Instead, Israel has signed multiple historic  peace deals.   In 2018, when President Trump warned Iran against pursuing nuclear  weapons, Mr. Kahl wrote the ``war drums are already sounding.'' But no  war happened.   That same year, when President Trump withdrew from the terrible Iran  nuclear deal, Mr. Kahl said: ``War will be all that is left.'' No war  happened.   In 2020, when the United States finally delivered justice by killing  Iran's terrorist mastermind Qasam Soleimani, Mr. Kahl said Mr. Trump  had ``started a war with Iran in Iraq.'' Yet again, no war happened.   Mr. Kahl's inability to accurately assess these events almost defies  probability. After all, even a broken clock is right twice a day.   On issues of war and peace, Mr. Kahl is reliably unreliable and  consistently wrong. This is not a fault that one of the chief strategic  planners, the No. 3 official at the Pentagon, and one of the most  powerful policy advisers in the government ought to have. No Pentagon  nominee should be this partisan, this divisive, and this controversial.   Republicans have given every Defense Department and intelligence  nominee a fair hearing, and most have passed this Chamber with healthy  bipartisan majorities and in some cases unanimously. Mr. Kahl is  different. Mr. Kahl is different because his toxic statements and  reputation would inhibit the workings of the Department of Defense.   Every time, as Secretary Austin and senior Pentagon personnel testify  before the Senate, Members of this body will wonder if the policies  they are presented with are the product of hard-headed serious planning  or the workings of a political hack.   A man of Mr. Kahl's judgment and temperament and his record of  disastrous policy judgments is unfit to be the Under Secretary of  Defense for Policy, and I will oppose his nomination, as every Senator  should.   I yield the floor   