 Mr. President, my fellow Senators: On November 4 of  this year, I introduced an amendment to this year's national defense  bill. This amendment focuses on the Office of Net Assessment. That  office is within the Pentagon.   The Office of Net Assessment's purpose is to produce an annual net  assessment, which is a long-term look at our military capabilities and  those of our greatest adversaries.   In 2019, when I began to look at Stefan Halper's contracting work for  the Office of Net Assessment, something didn't look right. So I asked  the inspector general to look into it.   For those who are unaware, Halper was a central figure in the  debunked Russia collusion investigation. And I don't have to explain  the Russia collusion investigation; everybody in the U.S. Senate knows  something about that and they know what it refers to.   Halper secretly, at that time, recorded Trump campaign officials  during Crossfire Hurricane.   Halper also received over 1 million taxpayer dollars from the Office  of Net Assessment for several research projects. But the question is:  Were they really research projects?   But the inspector general found some problems with his contract:   The Office of Net Assessment didn't require Halper to submit evidence  that he actually talked to the people he cited in his work, which  included Russian intelligence officers.   Secondly, the Office of Net Assessment couldn't provide sufficient  documentation that Halper conducted all of his work in accordance with  the law.   Thirdly, the Office of Net Assessment didn't maintain sufficient  documents to comply with all of the Federal contracting requirements  and OMB's guidelines.   The inspector general also found that these problems weren't unique  to Halper's contract. This is the inspector general speaking up on  this. I am reporting what he said. So these findings indicate systemic  issues within the Office of Net Assessment in the Pentagon.   Moreover, this office has spent taxpayers' money on research projects  unconnected to net assessments. In other words, they are spending money  and wasting money that doesn't deal very closely with our national  defense.   Two cases in point: The office funded a report titled ``On the Nature  of Americans as a Warlike People: Workshop Report.''   Now, that report highlighted the ``level of American belligerency  which is the result of the persistence of Scotch-Irish culture in  America.''   That ought to get a lot of your attention. What does that have to do  with the assessment of the capability of us to deliver on the  constitutional responsibility of the Federal Government to the defense  of the American people? Or what does that have to do with our assessing  the capability of our enemies?   Yet another report focused on Vladimir Putin's neurological  development and potential Asperger's diagnosis.   Now, I have highlighted these reports for the Pentagon, and I have  asked for records from the Office of Net Assessment relating to some of  its other work as well. To date, they still haven't been able to  provide all of the records that they ought to provide to the Congress  of the United States, under our constitutional responsibility, to see  that money is faithfully spent according to congressional intent and  that the laws are faithfully executed.   While the Office of Net Assessment was busy wasting taxpayers' money  and not responding to congressional requests, China built its  hypersonic missile program.   Are we on top of that program? It has got something to do with our  enemy's capability.   As a result of all of these failures, then, like I told you, I  introduced my amendment to the defense bill on November 4. The  amendment would require the Government Accountability Office to  determine how much taxpayer money this unit actually uses for net  assessment--the reason they were set up.   Are they doing their job? Are they following the law? Are they  spending the taxpayers' money responsibly?   I think I have shown, in some instances, where they have not.   The amendment would filter out taxpayer-funded research that has  nothing to do with net assessment. In other words, the Office of Net  Assessment ought to be doing net assessment, and that deals with the  capability of the U.S. Government to do the No. 1 responsibility of the  Federal Government: the national defense of the American people.   The second responsibility of this Agency is to determine the  capability of our enemies to do damage to us. In other words, it is  time that we find out how much money the Office of Net Assessment needs  to actually do its job instead of acting like a slush fund for  irrelevant or political research projects.   Of course, if this happens and the taxpayers' money is spent  properly, this, in turn, will save the taxpayers, potentially, millions  of dollars a year.   I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on November 15, the Pentagon announced  that it completed its fourth consecutive annual audit and received a  fourth consecutive failing opinion.   This is what the Pentagon believes: If it somehow merely just  conducts an audit, then somehow conducting that audit is a success  despite the fact that it has been a requirement under the law for the  last 30 years for Agencies--and that means all government Agencies--to  conduct and pass an annual audit. The Department of Defense is about  the only one that doesn't meet the requirements of the law.   The Department points to other signs of progress, such as that they  were able to downgrade one material weakness from a previous audit and  the closure of some 450 adverse findings. That, somehow, is progress.  It is not progress--at least, it doesn't meet the demands of the law.  However, the fact remains that the Department of Defense is unable to  accurately account for billions of taxpayer dollars it spends each  year.   Funding for the Department of Defense is crucial to our national  security. Men and women who volunteer to wear the uniform and, hence,  defend our country--these people deserve to be well paid and well  equipped.   In light of the rising threats around the globe, it is more crucial  than ever that not one dollar is lost to fraud, waste, and abuse. A  clean audit, which the Defense Department has never had, is the key to  whether Department of Defense money is spent responsibly.   A key underlying problem to the continued failed audits is the  financial management systems used by the various military Departments.  The Department of Defense uses hundreds of different financial systems  that are outdated and are unable to communicate with each other. They  cannot generate reliable transaction data and are not auditable.   There are inadequate internal controls in financial management  systems, presenting an environment that is ripe for waste and fraud.  Without internal controls at the transaction level, military leaders  can never know how much things cost.   I have tried to work with leaders in the Department on this subject  for years, but time and again, I have been disappointed.   The Defense Department's inability or its unwillingness to make  necessary and overdue changes should be unacceptable to any Senator.   I filed an amendment to the bill before the Senate this year to  address the root cause of the Pentagon's failed audits. The underlying  bill provides for an independent Commission tasked with examining the  budgeting and planning processes at the Pentagon. My amendment will  require that very same Commission to also make recommendations on  bringing financial management systems up to snuff.   The Department of Defense will never be able to get a clean audit  opinion while these systems remain unfixed, and the Department of  Defense has demonstrated an inability or unwillingness to deploy an  accounting  [[Page S8432]]  system capable of capturing payment transactions and generating  reliable data. If you can't follow the money, you will never be able to  get a clean audit.   I am glad that my amendment has been included in the substitute  amendment of the Defense bill before the U.S. Senate now, and I urge my  colleagues to support this effort through to final passage to finally  make real progress towards getting to a clean audit opinion. Fiscal  accountability and military readiness are not mutually exclusive. It is  not an either-or scenario. Earning a clean bill of fiscal health will  strengthen military readiness and boost support for necessary increases  to defense spending in Congress, and it would get the backing of the  American people to a greater extent than it does today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   