 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the  Private First Class Joseph P. Dwyer Peer Support Program Act. I want to  thank my colleague, Representative Zeldin, for his good work and his  efforts on behalf of veterans who serve our country with great honor.   Roughly 15 million adults in the United States suffer from post- traumatic stress disorder, otherwise known as PTSD. The Department of  Veterans Affairs indicates that between 15 and 30 percent of Vietnam  veterans have had post-traumatic stress disorder in their lifetime;  about 12 percent of Desert Storm veterans have had post-traumatic  stress disorder; and between 11 and 20 percent of those who served in  Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom now also, sadly, have  been subject to post-traumatic stress disorder in a given year.   These statistics are staggering, and, sadly, because of PTSD, many  veterans have taken their lives. Our servicemen and -women sacrifice so  much to protect our freedom, and we must do all we can to help them  recover and prevent these tragic losses.   In 2013 the State of New York, under the leadership of Representative  Zeldin and others, established the Dwyer program to support veterans  suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain  injury, otherwise referred to as TBI, by connecting veterans with other  veterans who suffer through similar struggles. Over the years, the  program has created a safe, confidential, and educational network for  thousands of veterans to support each other on their transition to  post-service life; and this is so important.   The Veterans Administration has found that one key part to help our  veterans is to ensure that they feel connected to their communities and  know that they are not alone in their struggles that they face and that  they can come back and become a contributing member to their community  as they were when they left. Expanding the Dwyer program nationwide,  therefore, is crucial to save lives and help our veterans successfully  transition to civilian life when they come home.   The San Joaquin Valley of California, which I am honored to  represent, is home to nearly 30,000 veterans. Throughout my time in  Congress, veterans and their families have been one of my top  priorities. I have spent 17 years working side by side with the  Veterans Administration assisting veterans with PTSD, creating a  veterans' home, expanding veterans' healthcare, and providing a whole  host of efforts that deal with post-traumatic stress disorder and  pending claims for service-connected benefits. When we support them, we  also must never forget about their families because it is both them and  their families.   Next month on November 11 we are going to celebrate Veterans Day, and  I can't think of a better thing that we can all do than to work on this  legislation successfully and say thank you to those who have served our  Nation. I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation to  provide our veterans with the support, healthcare, and treatment they  have earned and, therefore, that they deserve. This nationwide  expansion is long overdue.   I want to congratulate and thank my colleagues for their efforts. We  can do more, and we must do more. Every veteran counts on us to do our  part because they have done theirs.    I commend the gentleman and my colleagues on this effort.  It is very important, and it is the right thing to do.   