 Madam Speaker, I really wish I was here  expressing my support for the fiscal year 2022 Military Construction,  Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies bill, because it includes  funding for many important construction projects and programs for  veterans. But, unfortunately, I cannot support the bill for three  reasons.   The responsibility of the Subcommittee on Military Construction,  Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies is to provide adequate resources  for our servicemembers, ensure that we fulfill the promises America  made to our veterans, and be good stewards of tax dollars.   While this bill includes funding for many priorities, including child  development centers, barracks, suicide prevention programs, and  electronic health records, it is not part of a bipartisan funding  framework that appropriately allocates funding between defense and  nondefense programs.   The bill also drops two restrictions on funding that have protected  Americans from the transfer of detainees, terrorists, to the United  States for more than 10 years. There is no reason to allow these  terrorists on U.S. soil. They need to remain in Guantanamo Bay and pay  for their heinous crimes.   Finally, I oppose the majority party's attempt to force hardworking  citizens to pay to end unborn human life. The Hyde amendment protects  every American from seeing their tax dollars used to fund something  that is the exact opposite of the American value of life, liberty, and  pursuit of happiness.   It is simple. Congress must maintain the Hyde amendment.   Despite my concerns, I think we can resolve our differences, address  these issues, and provide responsible levels of funding for the next  fiscal year.   In closing, I want to thank Chairwoman Wasserman Schultz for her work  on this bill and stewardship of the Subcommittee on Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. Along with the  staff, she has personally worked to address many requests from all  Members in this bill.   Also, I thank Ranking Member Granger and Chairwoman DeLauro for their  support.   