 If you're a terrorist right now and you're       sitting out there watching this, you're saying to yourself,       hey, it's not that hard to get into the Capitol. Maybe it's       not hard to get into the White House or the Supreme Court       building or somewhere else.    Our government, our intelligence agencies, and our law enforcement  have implemented additional safety measures since the attack on January  6, but while we secure this physical space, what message will we send  the rest of the world?   We already know what message our adversaries took from January 6.  This is how some of them responded after the attack.   For America's adversaries, there was no greater proof of the  fallibility of Western democracy than the sight of the U.S. Capitol  shrouded in smoke and besieged by a mob whipped up by their unwillingly  outgoing president.   To make matters worse, our adversaries are even using the events of  January 6 not only to denigrate America but to justify their own anti- democratic behavior, calling America hypocritical.  [[Page S658]]    Here is what the Chinese Government is saying. The spokesperson for  China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the Capitol riots ``should  spark `deep reflection' among U.S. lawmakers regarding how they discuss  the pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong, suggesting that the U.S. is  hypocritical in denouncing Beijing's crackdown in the city while it  struggles with its own unrest at home.''   The Global Times, an outlet affiliated with the Chinese Communist  Party, even tweeted a series of side-by-side photos of two events: the  siege of the U.S. Capitol and a July 2019 incident in which pro- democracy protesters in Hong Kong broke into the city's Legislative  Council building.   Think about that. President Trump gave the Chinese Government an  opening to create a false equivalency between Hongkongers protesting  for democracy and violent insurrections trying to overthrow it.   As Representative Gallagher described in realtime:   (Text of video presentation.)         