 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to moving the previous  question so that we can consider the bipartisan legislation I  introduced, along with several of my colleagues, to address a crisis  along the southwest border and provide resources for the men and women  of the Department of Homeland Security who are serving on the front  lines of this security and humanitarian nightmare created by the  policies of this administration.   Madam Speaker, the Border Surge Response and Resilience Act is a  commonsense approach for preparing for future migrant surges and is a  direct response to a recommendation of the bipartisan and effective  Homeland Security Advisory Council, which I hope will be reconstituted  by the current administration.   I often hear from my friends on the other side of the aisle accusing  Republicans of complaining about problems rather than offering  solutions. Well, today, we are providing the opportunity to vote on a  commonsense, bipartisan, and thoughtful solution.   I just returned from my second trip to the border in recent weeks.  Any of us who have traveled there recently can observe what is  happening and can attest to just how bad the crisis on the ground  really is.   At the border itself, it is wide open. The wall construction has  stopped. Border Patrol agents have told us if the wall is constructed,  80 percent of the drug-trafficking activity is focused and funneled to  other areas where they can easily interdict the drug traffickers.   Madam Speaker, I was a Federal organized crime prosecutor for 20  years before coming to Congress, and I worked on the border as a  Federal organized crime prosecutor going after cartels. I can tell you  that they own the border.   If someone wants to cross the border, they have to pay. Chinese are  paying $50,000 to $70,000 per person. Mexicans and Central Americans  are paying $4,000 a person to come across.   Every single day that this crisis goes on, the cartels are being  enriched to the tune of at least $15 million a day. In the last month,  it is highly likely they were probably enriched to the tune of close to  $1 billion in a month.   The Border Patrol agents are despondent. They are being pulled off  the line, at least 40 to 50 percent at a time, in the Rio Grande sector  alone to deal with the crisis. The drug traffickers  [[Page H1972]]  are smart enough to know: If I throw 100 people across the border over  here, all the agents have to come off and deal with them. And then that  place that they came off from, we are going to go right across there  with the drugs.    In the Rio Grande Valley sector alone is a 2,000 percent increase in  fentanyl coming across the border. Fentanyl is killing our kids all  over this country. It is mixed with heroin; it is killing our kids.  That is what the Border Patrol agents are telling us because all they  want to do is to be able to enforce the laws on the books and to have  the ability to do so. They do not have the ability to do so because of  the administration's change of policies on January 22. They say there  is a direct correlation.   Yes, there are problems in Central America. They have been there for  20 to 30 years; they haven't changed. If I had kids down there, I would  bring them up to the border, too. But there is a right way to do  things, and there is a wrong way. Running across the border and  creating this crisis is the wrong way.   Madam Speaker, let me tell you what I saw at the detention centers  like Donna.   People are put in pens, for lack of a better term. Thirty, forty  people are supposed to be in there. I saw hundreds. I sent a picture to  my wife. There are so many kids. They were all wrapped up in aluminum  blankets. You couldn't see anything other than the aluminum blankets.  They were literally stacked next to each other like cordwood.   Not a single child was tested. They are released from that facility  because they just can't keep them there, and they are released without  being tested.   When we were at the border, we encountered a couple of people at the  border at midnight. The next morning, on a flight to Dallas-Forth  Worth, they were on that flight. No ID. No idea who they were.   They put them on a plane without identification. They put them on a  plane highly likely without testing because they said they are not  testing right away. But when they do test, they know that 10 to 15  percent of these kids test positive for COVID.   They are putting people in our communities all across this country,  not telling those communities that they are coming, and they are  coming. They are oftentimes not being tested for COVID and, obviously,  probably positive.   That is what is going on. In the Donna facility alone, we are  spending millions of dollars a day to deal with this. There is nothing  more tragic than seeing an 11-year-old girl who was sexually assaulted  on her way up to the border and who is pregnant there.   That is what is going on. That is the reality of the situation, and  it is an unforced error that we didn't need to have.   The administration, candidly, was caught short. But candidly, too,  previous administrations were caught short with border surges.   So, I am not here to complain about the situation. I am here to offer  a solution, and the solution is our bill, which I mentioned.   In addition to ensuring future preparedness along the border, this  provision will create a $1 billion fund to be made available in support  of our frontline enforcement personnel. It requires transparent metrics  that were triggered when certain events happened, and it supports  border security and law enforcement professionals. This funding would  help prevent a humanitarian crisis from spiraling out of control, as it  has on this one and on others before it, candidly.   If you don't know this, I will tell you: The money that is being  spent to deal with this crisis now is being taken away from the funds  set aside for the salaries of our law enforcement professionals on the  border. That is a fact. We are going to need a massive supplement just  to make sure that our Border Patrol agents can get paid.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues, in a bipartisan fashion, to  support the security of the United States. This is not about arguing  over what President Biden did on January 20. This is about saying,  going forward, when we have these crises--and they will occur again-- that we are ready next time, that there is money set aside, that there  is a plan, and that when certain things happen, the money kicks in and  we are ready to go.   That is what I am asking my colleagues, to support the frontline men  and women by supporting this provision.   