 Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk  about what Americans are talking about all across the country, and that  is the fact that energy prices are rising and doing it dramatically.   Energy is called a master resource for a reason. It powers our  communities, our homes, our military, and our economy. It fuels the  trucks that bring goods and groceries to market. It keeps the lights on  at small businesses all across the country, and it heats our homes.  This is the reason why higher energy prices mean higher prices in every  other part of our life.   Now, over the last 9 months, people have been seeing this all across  the country. Energy prices have gone up, and not just by a little. They  have gone up a lot. It has contributed to higher prices for just about  everything we do and everywhere we go.   The cost of a tank of gas is about a dollar higher now than it was  when Joe Biden came into the White House. As a result, if you go to  fill up at your local gas station, it is about $25 more to fill your  tank today than it was back in January, on the 20th, when Joe Biden  took the oath of office.   Now, it is not just gasoline that has gone up; it is the gas we use  to heat our homes. Natural gas powers over half of the homes that are  heated across America. And the price is now at a 7-year high. So as a  result, families are going to pay a lot more not just to drive, but  also to heat their homes this winter.   And it is interesting because here in America, we have the energy  resources we need; we are just not able to use them because of this  administration.   Under the last administration, America became the largest producer of  oil and natural gas in the world--in the world--America. America's  energy dominance worked to help us reduce our trade deficit. It brought  home more jobs, brought industries home to America. It fueled the best  economy in my lifetime here at home in America. And as a nation, we  became energy independent for the first time in 70 years.   Well, these were historic achievements by America's energy workers.  In my home State, the State of Wyoming was proud to play a major role  in these achievements. Wyoming is America's No. 1 per-capita exporter  of energy. We  [[Page S7048]]  produce it in Wyoming, and we send it around the country and around the  world. We power America and we power the world.   Yet, ever since Joe Biden became President, it has become a lot  harder. Now, I talk to energy workers at home all of the time in  Wyoming, all across the State, and what they continue to tell me is it  has never been more difficult than it is right now. In just 9 months,  Joe Biden has already become the most anti-American energy President in  our Nation's history.   On his first day in office, he drew a target on the back of American  petroleum energy, and he pulled the trigger. He killed the Keystone XL  Pipeline, and that ended thousands of good-paying jobs at the height of  a pandemic. President Biden also shut down oil and gas exploration near  the Arctic. He banned oil and gas leasing on Federal land.   This has been devastating to Western States: Wyoming, Colorado,  Nevada, and New Mexico.   Nearly half of Wyoming is Federal land, and now Joe Biden says that  land is off limits to Wyoming energy workers.   Because of Joe Biden's radical anti-energy agenda, people in every  corner of this country are paying higher prices for energy. We are  paying more at the pump, paying more at the grocery store--paying all  around.   Even one of the Democrats' favorite economists, Mark Zandi, says the  American people are now paying $175 more every month--$175 every  month--more than they were a year ago. That includes gas, groceries,  rent. Joe Biden inflation--it is equivalent to $2,100 a week. That is a  heck of a paycheck cut for American workers.   So who gets hurt by this?   Well, it is struggling families. It is seniors. It is people living  on a fixed income.   Polls show that about half of the country lives paycheck to paycheck.  Forty percent of the country says they couldn't afford to cover an  emergency if the cost were above $400.   Well, in the Joe Biden economy, people are paying five times that  amount--the amount they can't handle for an emergency--just in the cost  of annual inflation.   The Biden White House doesn't seem to care very much about it,  doesn't understand it--clueless. Last week, the White House Chief of  Staff retweeted a message which said inflation is a ``high class  problem.''   He couldn't be more wrong. If the White House believes this, they are  woefully--woefully--at a loss for understanding what is happening in  this country, because what is happening is exactly the opposite of what  the White House thinks. The White House Chief of Staff clearly doesn't  understand the struggles of working families all across this country.   Now, the big Democrat donors in Chuck Schumer's Brooklyn, NY, or  Nancy Pelosi's San Francisco--they are going to be just fine. It is the  working families in rural America who are getting hurt the most.   And as winter is coming, energy costs are going to go up  significantly. The U.S. Energy Information Administration--branch of  the government--says energy bills will be up dramatically this winter  compared to last.   This inflation nightmare is absolutely at a point where there is  still no end in sight. The American people believe it is going to  continue and it is going to get worse.   Democrats have finally been hit with the reality that people are  worried about the high cost of energy. So what have they decided to do  about it? What will the White House do about it? What will the  administration do about it?   Astonishingly, in August, the National Security Advisor begged Russia  and OPEC and the oil cartel to pump more oil. It is hard to believe  that really happened. It is also hard to believe--my friend and  colleague the senior Senator from Alaska told us in the Energy  Committee that the United States is using more oil from Russia than we  are from Alaska right now.   If you don't believe it in terms of the fact that the administration  is asking OPEC and Russia to produce more oil to help lower the costs  in the United States, just go to the White House website. They put it  on the White House website.   Joe Biden would rather buy energy from our enemies and send American  dollars overseas than produce it here at home. He would rather send  American dollars overseas to our enemies than explore for American  energy and the resources that we have, where we have the capacity to  lead the world.   Last week, the Biden administration made an off-the-record call to  U.S. energy-producing companies. The administration had the nerve to  ask them to lower their prices at the same time that this  administration has forced them to lower their production. It is  economics 101: supply and demand. It is basic arithmetic.   And now the Energy Secretary says that we might have to use the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve to try to bring more energy onto the market  to help deal with the costs that have gone up as a result of the Biden  policies. We went to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve during the first  Iraq war and after Hurricane Katrina and during the Arab Spring. In  other words, this is something we do in a crisis.   The Biden administration won't say it out loud yet, but let's admit  it; there is a crisis, and it is one that Joe Biden and this  administration have created. It is a crisis of Joe Biden's own making,  and it is a crisis that Joe Biden could end tomorrow because we have  the capacity at home to do it.   Instead, what are the Democrats doing? Well, they are threatening to  make it even worse. Democrats in the Senate are pushing a $3.5 trillion  reckless tax-and-spending spree. Last month, one Commissioner of the  FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, told us at the Energy  Committee that to pass this $3.5 trillion bill would be ``like an H- bomb'' on America's energy markets. That is because the bill contains  huge portions of what has become known to be the disastrous ``green bad  deal.''   Here are just a few of the examples that are included in this $3.5  trillion Democratic bill in the House right now: $8 billion for a so- called Civilian Climate Corps. These are taxpayer-funded climate  police. They will get free housing, free clothing, free college  tuition, free childcare to go out and police the environment based on  the climate.   The Democrat spending spree also includes $10 billion for what the  Democrats call environmental justice in higher education. The bill  includes $105 billion for what the Democrats call climate justice and  then green energy subsidies.   Let's take a look at the subsidies. These subsidies include huge  subsidies for people who buy and drive electric vehicles. And who buys  and drives electric vehicles? Basically, people with lots of income,  not the average American. The government is already giving billions of  taxpayer dollars to electric vehicle manufacturers and owners. Nearly  80 percent of the tax credits go to households making at least $100,000  a year. That is who this administration is beholden to. The spending  spree would give up to $12,500 to married couples to buy electric  vehicles. A single person earning up to $400,000 a year could get a  subsidy. A married couple earning up to $800,000 a year could get a  subsidy.   Now, how are the Democrats going to pay for all these things, all  these handouts? Well, they want to put more taxes on producing natural  gas. What is that going to do to the average person trying to heat  their home this winter? It is going to raise natural gas prices even  higher. Oh, and at the same time, we would eliminate 90,000 American  energy jobs. It is going to raise energy costs for people all across  the country.   The administration's answer is the last thing we need in this country  right now. We in this country have the best energy resources in the  world. We also have the best energy workers in the world. It is time to  let these good men and women do their jobs. American people don't need  trillions of dollars more in taxes and spending and debt. We need more  American energy. It is time for Joe Biden and the Democrats to get out  of the way of affordable American energy. The people of this country  need it badly.   I yield the floor.   