 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  leading this Special Order today on behalf of the Congressional Black  Caucus as we rise together to celebrate the African-American community  and to commemorate an unsung holiday known as Juneteenth.   Now, I was 21 years old when I first heard of Juneteenth. That was  the year that I arrived in Texas to go to law school at Texas Southern  University.   Having been born here in the District of Columbia, somewhat north-- some folks say it is south, but I considered it to be the north, but  now I accept it as being in the south.   Back then, I didn't learn anything about Juneteenth living here in  Washington, D.C., nor did I learn about it when I moved south to  Atlanta at the age of 17. So the first time I heard was in Texas, and  it was a joyful celebration, a joyful day. But since I have left Texas  and gone back to Georgia, we don't really celebrate Juneteenth in  Georgia.   Right now, this year, will constitute the first county in Georgia--it  would be my home county, DeKalb County--that will recognize and  celebrate Juneteenth as a holiday. And it is a holiday that should be  enjoyed by all of Americans, not just by Black people, but by White  people, too, because when one of us are in bondage, it means all of us  are in bondage. When all of us are free is when we are truly free.   So Juneteenth marks the 156th celebration of the ending of slavery in  this Nation, and since then we have made significant strides in the  expansion of civil rights. We have outlawed segregation, integrated our  schools, and done important work to increase access to the polls.   Nonetheless, even 156 years later, America and the way her laws are  applied remain biased against the Black man. Our neighborhoods and our  schools are still subject to de facto segregation, and schools with  larger African-American populations are unlikely to receive adequate  funding and support.   Our justice system is a continuation of this systemic bias. Under the  guise of public protection, we arrest and forcibly confine African  Americans five times as often as White Americans for the exact same  crimes. Now, these realities directly contradict American ideals.   And so on this anniversary of Juneteenth, I believe the best way to  celebrate the community and honor our past is to take deliberate action  to make our country a just and equitable home for all Americans.   But how can we do that when Republicans are now on this issue called  critical race theory, and they want to ban all discussion about this  legal concept that they have turned into a political football. It was a  legal concept that now has taken on some kind of a dastardly meaning.    And the only thing it is, is first an acknowledgment that the  vestiges of racism, the vestiges of slavery and racism still exist in  this country, and a discussion about how it impacts our current  reality. That is all that we are talking about. We are talking about  realizing history, celebrating history in the case of Juneteenth. We  have a lot to celebrate, and all of us should celebrate, but we cannot  do that unless we know what our history is.   And my friends on the other side of the aisle are taking deliberate  acts now to suppress it. I told you, I just heard about it, you know,  when I was 21 years old. You know, we need our people to know about  this. We need America to know about it, and we can all celebrate  together, just like we do with all the other holidays like  Thanksgiving, for instance.   Madam Speaker, I don't mean to be divisive, but I do want to speak  truth.   