 Mr. President, I see a very different country, apparently,  from my colleague. And I respect Senator Cornyn.   I sat at this desk on March 6. We had been voting, as the Presiding  Officer from Hawaii remembers. We had been voting all night. It was a  Saturday at about 12:30. We had voted for about 11 hours. And we  defeated by one vote an amendment where Senator Grassley and my  colleagues from the Finance Committee and the Senate Republicans tried  to delete the child tax credit from the American Rescue Plan. We then  took a second vote around noon on Saturday, after 11 or 12 hours of  voting, where we passed the American Rescue Plan by one vote.   Two different times, the Republican Party, which always votes for tax  cuts for the richest people in the country, always on party-line votes,  always under the very discredited theory that with tax cuts the dollars  trickle down to workers and to the middle class and the rest of the  country--they will always vote for a big tax cut for rich people, but  they opposed twice--unanimously opposed, every single one opposed--the  child tax credit.   (Mr. KING assumed the Chair.)   Today is the magic day. I remember saying to Senator Casey, when we  passed the American Rescue Plan, that this is the best day of my career  in public service because we are going to reduce the child poverty rate  by 50 percent.   This isn't a tax cut for rich people, so they can buy another home or  another yacht or another vacation place. This is money in the pockets  of working-class and middle-class and struggling people from Maine and  Ohio and Texas and Iowa and all over the country.   So, today, people should start checking their bank accounts, looking  at their phones, checking their bank accounts, looking in their  mailbox. Starting today--today, Friday, Saturday, Monday--the great  majority of American families will see this tax cut. They will see this  $250 or $300 a month. They are going to start receiving it. There will  be $250 if the child is 6 or over. There will be $250 6 to 17. If they  are 5 or under, it will be $300 per month per child--on July 15, August  15, September 15, October, November, December.   Then, with the second half of the tax cut, they will get a lump sum  starting next year when they file their taxes. Ninety-two percent of  kids in my  [[Page S4918]]  State--92 percent of children under 18--are eligible for this.   These are all numbers and these are all statistics, but here is what  it means. I did a series of roundtables in Cleveland and Columbus and  Dayton and Cincinnati and Toledo and Youngstown and Fremont and Bryan  and Defiance, OH. Here is what I heard. One woman said: You know, my  son, for the first time in his life, I can send him for a week at  summer camp because of this child tax credit.   A father said: I can buy the equipment for my daughter to play  fastpitch softball now.   Another said: I am so anxious--I heard this many times--I am so  anxious at the end of every month during the last week. How am I going  to cobble together the money to pay my rent? And often I have to choose  between buying enough food and paying my rent.   Others said: Now I can work more hours because I can afford daycare  for my children.   A few said things like: You know, now, per child--my babies are 3 and  4 years old--I can put $100 a month aside for each of them so they can  go to Lorraine Community College or Sinclair or Northwest State  Community College or Ohio State University or Denison. They can get a  start on saving money. Why wouldn't we want to do that?   We talk about infrastructure around here. Infrastructure is building  a foundation so families can launch their children to a better life.  And providing families $250 or $300 a month--month after month after  month--gives those families, give those kids an opportunity they never  would have had. Why wouldn't we think this is the best day this  Congress has had in 25 years when we do that? It is pretty simple.   You know what I really like about this--and I know the Presiding  Officer appreciates that in Maine; Senator King in Maine, Senator  Grassley in Iowa--we don't make the decisions about what these parents  should do. We provide them the dollars. They spend it best, whether it  is a family in Dubuque or a family in Portland or whether it is a  family in Mansfield or Cleveland. I don't know what is best for them.  We provide them the dollars. They make the decision of what is best for  their child--summer camp, diapers, softball games, saving for college,  just having enough to eat, occasionally getting to go out to a diner  down the street in Lima, OH. All those kinds of decisions, let the  parents make.   We are giving them that. If we care about family values, if we care  about our families, give them a little more help. It will make a huge  difference in their lives.   That is why it is so important. It starts today, then next month, and  the month after, for a year.   We need to renew this. We need to make sure it is permanent. If we do  that, it is going to launch a whole generation of kids and give them  more opportunity. What is not to love about that?   I yield the floor.   