 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 811, and I ask  that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, before this coronavirus pandemic hit this  country, our economy was booming. Jobs were soaring. Over the last  year, our country has suffered tens of millions of job losses.   This amendment creates a point of order against any legislation that  would increase legal immigration until we return to where we were  before this pandemic.   I believe in legal immigration. We are a country built by immigrants,  but legal immigration is meant to serve the American economy, meant to  benefit this country and American workers, and I do not believe we  should be significantly increasing legal immigration at a time when  tens of millions of Americans are out of work.   So this amendment is designed to say: Let's put American workers  first. When American workers go back to work, then we can discuss and  consider legislation to increase legal immigration, but we shouldn't do  so until the tens of millions of Americans who have lost their jobs  return to work.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional  Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of the applicable budget  resolutions, I move to waive all the applicable sections of the act and  the applicable budget resolutions for purposes of amendment 811, and I  ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 871 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, this amendment is designed to provide relief  to the tens of thousands of blue collar workers that work in refineries  across this country. Refineries right now purchase what are called  RINs, which are artificial regulatory licenses that they must purchase.  They were originally designed to be at 1 or 2 cents apiece. In the past  year, they have skyrocketed. In the past year, RINs have skyrocketed up  to $1.12 apiece, the highest level since 2013. That is a 650-percent  increase in the past year. Just a year ago they were trading at 15  cents. What does that mean? That means $15 billion in regulatory cost  for refineries.   And let me say something importantly: Not one penny of that $15  billion goes to corn farmers or ethanol producers. It goes to Wall  Street speculators. So this amendment would provide--it would cap RINs  at 10 cents apiece. What that would mean is this is a choice between do  you want millions of dollars to go to Wall Street speculators or do you  want the money to go to blue collar workers and refineries?    I ask for the yeas and nays.   