 Madam President, I rise in support of Senator  McConnell's legislation.   On August 27, 2020, just 13 months ago, Hurricane Laura hit  Louisiana. Forty-five days later, Hurricane Delta hit Louisiana.  Nineteen days after that, Hurricane Zeta hit Louisiana. We got a little  bit of a break. Four months after that, we were part of the historic  winter storm, about which we have all read. And then 3 months after  that, we had a historic rainfall event in Louisiana, up to 12 inches,  unrelated to a hurricane. Three months after that, Hurricane Ida hit  Louisiana. And 2 weeks later, Hurricane Nicholas hit Louisiana.   Every one of these storms was over 100 miles per hour sustained  winds. The  [[Page S6693]]  wind for Hurricane Ida was clocked at its highest at 185 miles per  hour. If you add up all the damages, it is about $150 billion in 13  months.   Now, other States were impacted by these storms, but Louisiana took  it full in the face. This was as brutal a blow as nature has inflicted  on an American State in modern history. We will be coughing up bones  for years, and this legislation is going to help us recover.   In fact, this legislation does every single thing that my colleagues  Senator Cassidy and Senator McConnell talked about that my Democratic  friends want to do, everything: keeps government open, maintains flood  insurance, gives disaster relief not just to Louisiana but to my  friends in the Northeast part of our country, to my friends on the west  coast. It does help my State, Southwest, Southeast, North Louisiana,  but we are not the only ones.   Senator McConnell's legislation does everything except one thing, one  thing: increasing the debt ceiling that Senator Schumer can do in a  matter of days on his own.   Why are we fighting over this? You know, nature abhors a moron. It is  moronic for us to be having this fight when it can be so easily solved.   Everything in Senator McConnell's legislation can easily pass this  body with 70 votes, and we know it. And then Senator Schumer can come  right behind by simply amending the budget resolution, and our problems  are solved. Nature abhors a moron. Let's don't be moronic.   I yield back to Senator McConnell.   