 Mr. President, January 6 was a disgrace. American  citizens attacked their own government. They used terrorism to try to  stop a specific piece of domestic business they did not like. Fellow  Americans beat and bloodied our own police. They stormed the Senate  floor. They tried to hunt down the Speaker of the House. They built a  gallows and chanted about murdering the Vice President. They did this  because they had been fed wild falsehoods by the most powerful man on  Earth because he was angry he lost an election.   Former President Trump's actions preceding the riot were a  disgraceful--disgraceful--dereliction of duty.   The House accused the former President of ``incitement.'' That is a  specific term from the criminal law.   Let me just put that aside for a moment and reiterate something I  said weeks ago. There is no question--none--that President Trump is  practically and morally responsible for provoking the events of the  day. No question about it. The people who stormed this building  believed they were acting on the wishes and instructions of their  President, and having that belief was a foreseeable consequence of the  growing crescendo of false statements, conspiracy theories, and  reckless hyperbole which the defeated President kept shouting into the  largest megaphone on planet Earth.   The issue is not only the President's intemperate language on January  6. It is not just his endorsement of remarks in which an associate  urged ``trial by combat.'' It was also the entire manufactured  atmosphere of looming catastrophe; the increasingly wild myths--myths-- about a reverse landslide election that was somehow being stolen in  some secret coup by our now-President.   Now, I defended the President's right to bring any complaints to our  legal system. The legal system spoke. The electoral college spoke. As I  stood up and said clearly at that time, the election was settled. It  was over. But that just really opened a new chapter of even wilder-- wilder--and more unfounded claims.   The leader of the free world cannot spend weeks thundering that  shadowy forces are stealing our country and then feign surprise when  people believe him and do reckless things.   Now, sadly, many politicians sometimes make overheated comments or  use metaphors--we saw that--that unhinged listeners might take  literally, but that was different. That is different from what we saw.  This was an intensifying crescendo of conspiracy theories, orchestrated  by an outgoing President who seemed determined to either overturn the  voters' decision or else torch our institutions on the way out.   The unconscionable behavior did not end when the violence actually  began. Whatever our ex-President claims he thought might happen that  day, whatever reaction he says he meant to produce, by that afternoon,  we know he was watching the same live television as the rest of us. A  mob was assaulting the Capitol in his name. These criminals were  carrying his banners, hanging his flags, and screaming their loyalty to  him.   It was obvious that only President Trump could end this. He was the  only one who could. Former aides publicly begged him to do so. Loyal  allies frantically called the administration. The President did not act  swiftly. He did not do his job. He didn't take steps so Federal law  could be faithfully executed and order restored. No. Instead, according  to public reports, he watched television happily--happily--as the chaos  unfolded. He kept pressing his scheme to overturn the election.   Now, even after it was clear to any reasonable observer that Vice  President Pence was in serious danger, even as the mob carrying Trump  banners was beating cops and breaching perimeters, the President sent a  further tweet attacking his own Vice President. Now, predictably and  foreseeably under the circumstances, members of the mob seemed to  interpret this as a further inspiration to lawlessness and violence,  not surprisingly.   Later, even when the President did halfheartedly begin calling for  peace, he didn't call right away for the riot to end. He did not tell  the mob to depart until even later. And even then, with police officers  bleeding and broken glass covering Capitol floors, he kept repeating  election lies and praising the criminals.   In recent weeks, our ex-President's associates have tried to use the  74 million Americans who voted to reelect him as a kind of human shield  against criticism--using the 74 million who voted for him as kind of a  human shield against criticism. Anyone who decries his awful behavior  is accused of insulting millions of voters. That is an absurd  deflection. Seventy-four million Americans did not invade the Capitol.  Hundreds of rioters did. Seventy-four million Americans did not  engineer the campaign of disinformation and rage that provoked it. One  person did it--just one.   Now, I have made my view of this episode very plain. But our system  of government gave the Senate a specific task. The Constitution gives  us a particular role. This body is not invited to act as the Nation's  overarching moral tribunal. We are not free to work backward from  whether the accused party might personally deserve some kind of  punishment.   Justice Joseph Story was our Nation's first great constitutional  scholar. As he explained nearly 200 years  [[Page S736]]  ago, the process of impeachment and conviction is a narrow tool--a  narrow tool--for a narrow purpose. Story explained this limited tool  exists to ``secure the state against gross official misdemeanors'';  that is, to protect the country from government officers.   If President Trump were still in office, I would have carefully  considered whether the House managers proved their specific charge. By  the strict criminal standard, the President's speech probably was not  incitement. However--however--in the context of impeachment, the Senate  might have decided this was acceptable shorthand for the reckless  actions that preceded the riot. But in this case, the question is moot  because former President Trump is constitutionally not eligible for  conviction.   Now, this is a close question, no doubt. Donald Trump was the  President when the House voted, though not when the House chose to  deliver the papers. Brilliant scholars argue both sides of this  jurisdictional question. The text is legitimately ambiguous. I respect  my colleagues who reached either conclusion.   But after intense reflection, I believe the best constitutional  reading shows that article II, section 4 exhausts the set of persons  who can legitimately be impeached, tried, or convicted. It is the  President. It is the Vice President and civil officers. We have no  power to convict and disqualify a former office holder who is now a  private citizen.   Here is article II, section 4: ``The President, Vice President and  all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office  on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high  Crimes and Misdemeanors.''   Now, everyone basically agrees that the second half of that sentence  exhausts the legitimate grounds for conviction. The debates around the  Constitution's framing make that abundantly clear. Congress cannot  convict for reasons besides those. It therefore follows that the list  of persons in that same sentence is also exhaustive. There is no reason  why one list--one list--would be exhaustive but the other would not.   Article II, section 4 must limit both why impeachment and conviction  can occur and to whom--and to whom. If this provision does not limit  impeachment and conviction powers, then it has no limits at all. The  House's ``sole power of Impeachment'' and the Senate's ``sole Power to  try all Impeachments'' would create an unlimited circular logic,  empowering Congress to ban any private citizen from Federal office.   Now, that is an incredible claim. But it is the argument the House  managers seemed to be making. One manager said the House and Senate  have ``absolute, unqualified . . . jurisdictional power.'' Well, that  was very honest, because there is no limiting principle in the  constitutional text that would empower the Senate to convict former  officers that would not also let them convict and disqualify any  private citizen--an absurd end result to which no one subscribes.   Article II, section 4 must have force. It tells us the President, the  Vice President and civil officers may be impeached and convicted.  Donald Trump is no longer the President.   Likewise, the provision states that officers subject to impeachment  and conviction ``shall be removed from Office if convicted''--``shall  be removed from Office if convicted.''   As Justice Story explained, ``the Senate, [upon] conviction, [is]  bound in all cases, to enter a judgment of removal from office.''  Removal is mandatory upon conviction. Clearly, he explained, that  mandatory sentence cannot be applied to someone who has left office.  The entire process revolves around removal. If removal becomes  impossible, conviction becomes insensible.   In one light, it certainly does seem counterintuitive that an  officeholder can elude Senate conviction by resignation or expiration  of term--an argument we heard made by the managers. But this  underscores that impeachment was never meant to be the final forum for  American justice--never meant to be the final forum for American  justice. Impeachment, conviction, and removal are a specific  intragovernmental safety valve. It is not the criminal justice system,  where individual accountability is the paramount goal.   Indeed, Justice Story specifically reminded that while former  officials were not eligible for impeachment or conviction, they were-- and this is extremely important--``still liable to be tried and  punished in the ordinary tribunals of justice.''   Put another way, in the language of today, President Trump is still  liable for everything he did while he was in office, as an ordinary  citizen--unless the statute of limitations is run, still liable for  everything he did while he was in office. He didn't get away with  anything yet--yet. We have a criminal justice system in this country.  We have civil litigation, and former Presidents are not immune from  being accountable by either one.   I believe the Senate was right not to grab power the Constitution  doesn't give us, and the Senate was right not to entertain some light- speed sham process to try to outrun the loss of jurisdiction.   It took both sides more than a week just to produce their pretrial  briefs. Speaker Pelosi's own scheduling decisions conceded what  President Biden publicly confirmed: A Senate verdict before  Inauguration Day was never possible.   Now, Mr. President, this has been a dispiriting time, but the Senate  has done our duty. The Framers' firewall held up again. On January 6,  we returned to our post and certified the election. We were uncowed. We  were not intimidated. We finished the job. And, since then, we resisted  the clamor to define our own constitutional guardrails in hot pursuit  of a particular outcome. We refused to continue a cycle of recklessness  by straining our own constitutional boundaries in response.   The Senate's decision today does not condone anything that happened  on or before that terrible day. It simply shows that Senators did what  the former President failed to do: We put our constitutional duty  first.   