 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Bowman for reserving the  time on the floor of the House of Representatives so that we can speak  the truth about what too many families and too many people--mostly poor  people--have to endure, not only in America but around the world.   I was born and raised in the northeast San Fernando Valley, and I am  very, very proud to say, in the Senate I have a colleague who grew up  in Pacoima just like I did. His parents were immigrants of Mexico, and  so were mine. We went to the same elementary school and the same high  school, but yet at the same time we ended up being on the city council  together for some years, he as a council president and I as a new  member.   He said to me: Tony, what committee do you want to chair?   I said: I want to chair the committee that oversees the airport, the  ports and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.   At that time the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power was the  largest water and power district in America.   Why did I want to be on those committees?   Because those three entities are spewing more into our atmosphere  than any other organizations in Los Angeles. It gave me the opportunity  to live my values, to be able to grow up in a poor community, yes, in  the hood, in the northeast San Fernando Valley, on that side of town  where there are more dumpsites in that part of L.A. County--a county of  10 million people--but they have concentrated more dumpsites in my  backyard than any other place in that county.   For Alex Padilla, our families, and me, we had to endure that for  generations. But here Alex is, a city council member, the president of  the council, choosing to put me as the chairman of that committee. And  while I was on that committee, I forced the Los Angeles Department of  Water and Power to finally clean up their act.   Believe it or not, the progressive Los Angeles Department of Water  and Power belongs to the city of Los Angeles, the people of Los  Angeles. We were fooled into believing that we are a progressive  community and that we would not be spewing out dirty fossil fuels to  create the electricity that we depend on every day. But we did, Madam  Speaker.   Approximately 60 percent of all of the energy that was being produced  for our city and for our community was coming from fossil fuels. Under  the presidency of President Alex Padilla,--who is now our United States  Senator from California--he gave me the mantle of being the chairman of  that committee, we forced the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power  to cut their emissions in half, to literally divest themselves of dirty  coal plants, and to finally clean up our act.   I am very, very proud to say that as the first council member to  represent that community to be born and raised in Pacoima, I was the  first council member to tell a company that owned a private dumpsite  when they wanted to expand it again and again and again, I was the  first council member to say: No, you are not.   We denied them their expansion. That was the first time it had ever  happened.   Again, Madam Speaker, for far too long we were being represented by  people who didn't realize or understand what it is like to grow up in a  community where environmental injustice prevails and proliferates. We  suffer from asthma rates that other communities don't suffer. Our  children do. Our families do. We suffer from groundwater that is more  contaminated than any other place in America.   We finally brought the grants from Washington, from city hall, and  from Sacramento, our State capital, to clean up our act and to clean up  our groundwater.   Those are the kinds of things that we are doing in Congress. Those  are the kinds of things that the Green New Deal has brought to light  where before only certain people experienced it and only certain people  cared.   Now, today, we are talking about something that I am very proud of. I  am very proud to be one of the original cosponsors of the Green New  Deal in this Congress, but equally proud, with my colleague Congressman  Bowman, to be an original cosponsor of the Green New Deal for Public  Schools Act. These are the kinds of investments that we need to make as  Congress.   Equally important, we need to make sure that we continue to remind  every single person that we are in this together. As go our  communities, as goes our country, and as goes the environment, so does  the planet. Even though some billionaires are flying up into the sky  and getting into outer space, this is our planet, Madam Speaker. We  cannot escape it.   Why try to escape it?   Why not just look in the mirror and see what we all can do about it?   That is the responsible thing to do. That is something that we can  and should be proud of.   So I stand here today to encourage every single one of us to help  clean up our act and to, once again, thank my colleague, Congressman  Bowman, for inviting me and the rest of us to speak the truth on this  floor today about how important it is that we have a Green New Deal  for all.    