 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the objection.    Madam Speaker, I would like to start by making two basic  points:   Number one, individual States who administer elections must ensure  that they are conducted fairly, uniformly, and in accordance with the  law; and   Number two, every American wants to be, and deserves to be, confident  that our elections are secure and that all eligible legal votes are  counted accurately and in a transparent manner.   And I will say this. In my district in Lancaster and York Counties, I  think that occurred. I am very proud of my county election officials,  who upheld the Pennsylvania Constitution and followed the letter of the  law; but, unfortunately, that sentiment is not shared across the  Commonwealth.   Today, my objection is not about voter fraud; it is grounded on  unconstitutional measures taken by bureaucrats and partisan justices in  the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that have unlawfully changed how this  election was carried out. This potentially changed the outcome and  certainly caused millions of our States' voters to question the  election results. Other speakers have outlined this issue.   In brief, the Pennsylvania State Legislature, in 2019, passed a  bipartisan election law reform bill, and then the partisan Pennsylvania  Supreme Court took it upon themselves to rewrite that law just 7 weeks  before the election. They unlawfully legislated from the bench and made  substantive changes to the law, including allowing for unsecured drop  boxes and ordering that ballots received after the election be counted,  among other things.   The Pennsylvania Secretary of State took it even further. Her  unilateral, unconstitutional changes resulted in counties treating  ballots differently so that some voters had the opportunity to change  mail-in ballots to correct deficiencies, while in other counties, their  ballots simply were not counted.   As Members of Congress, we serve as a voice for our constituents.  This is the one time I have a voice in this process, and I cannot  simply look away when tens of thousands of my constituents have real  and legitimate concerns about how this election was conducted in  Pennsylvania.   In fact, I think an inadequate response to those concerns by  Pennsylvania officials is one of the major problems. Simple measures  like audits should be routine and random and supported by both parties,  and I believe they are critical for restoring faith in Pennsylvania's  elections moving forward.    The bottom line for my constituents is that Pennsylvania's officials,  at all levels, failed to conduct a uniform and legal election, and for  that reason, they inappropriately and unlawfully certified the State's  electors.   Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller), my colleague.   