 Cancel culture is eroding the very foundation of who we  are as an American people. Rowan Atkinson, the star of the British TV  series ``Maigret'' said that it is like a medieval mob coming to burn  witches. That is what the cancel culture is all about.   How about taking an analogy from George Orwell's ``Nineteen Eighty- Four'' novel where they take history and they throw it into the chute.  They revise history constantly, and you can't even control what you  think anymore, Mr. Speaker. That is what cancel culture is becoming.   How about from a book called ``The Girl With Seven Names'' about a  courageous young woman who escaped from North Korea and she tells us  how North Korea did the same thing?   How about China under the Chinese Communist Party as reported in  ``The Hundred-Year Marathon'' by Mr. Pillsbury who wrote that book?   That is what we see happening, this attempt to erase who we are as  individuals and then replace them with something else.   Let me give you some other examples. Pepe Le Pew is no longer  tolerated by the left and by the woke mob. Miss Piggy is canceled. Dr.  Seuss books are canceled.   Here are some others. How about this one: Goya Foods, because this  guy had the temerity, Robert Unanue, who is the CEO of Goya Foods, had  the temerity to support President Trump so people attempted to boycott  and cancel his business. Senator Josh Hawley wrote a book. He is  canceled because he says that he wants election integrity.   How about Washington, Lincoln, and Jefferson?   San Francisco erases those schools named after Washington, Lincoln,  or Jefferson.   Matthew Yglesias, the liberal opinion writer who resigned from Vox, a  company that he cofounded, because his woke staff says he is too center  right.   How about Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, and Laura Ingraham?   They were all attacked for being conservative voices.   The attack is to silence conservatives' voices. The new rule is we  will only be tolerant if you are accepting of our views--not just  accepting--if you comply--not just comply--you bow to the tyrannical  rules of the left.   Gina Carano, the ``Mandalorian'' actress, was fired by Disney because  she says that being a Republican in 2021 is like being a Jew in Nazi,  Germany. So she has got to go. They canceled the action figure named  after her.   Adam Rubenstein, a former New York Times reporter and editor, has got  to go because he lets Tom Cotton's piece get published in The New York  Times. Oops. We can't have that.   J. K. Rowling, the very successful author of the Harry Potter series,  is canceled because she has the temerity to suggest that transgender  rights might endanger women's rights. You can't have any conflicting  view out there, Mr. Speaker. No, you can't do that.   Then Mike Lindell, you know him, he is the My Pillow guy. He is on TV  all  [[Page H2187]]  the time advertising. You can't have him because he is a friend and  supporter of Donald Trump and questions the election results.    We have reached the point in our society where the left says that if  you do not bow your knee to what we say is the new norm--and the only  acceptable dogma--if you are a heterodox in any way, Mr. Speaker, we  will cancel you, we will dock you, and we will erase you. That cannot  stand, and it will not stand.   This group and the gentleman from Colorado will continue to fight. I  thank the gentleman for yielding. We will continue to fight this  outrageous attack on who we are as American people.   