 Mr. Speaker, today I had a chance to ask some questions  to Attorney General Garland and talk about what is happening at the  Department of Justice.   What became very evident as we were having our question-and-answer  today is that there are two sets of rules in America. It starts with  our immigration system, where we are seeing people come across our  southern border, people being imported from all parts of the world, and  they are getting free things from the American people. They get food  stamps. They get free housing. They get all of those things that are  free, while Americans have to pay for it.   One of the questions I posed to the Attorney General is in regard to  Facebook, and I think that very much highlights that there are two sets  of rules in America. Recently, Facebook Vice President William  Castleberry, said: ``We do allow people to share information about how  to enter a country illegally or request information about how to be  smuggled.''   Don't you think an administration, in particular an Attorney General,  would be concerned about that?   Let me read to you U.S. Code title 8, subsection 1324. It makes it  illegal for any person to knowingly encourage or induce an alien to  come to, enter, or reside in the United States in violation of law or  for individuals to aid or abet illegal entry.   Yet, Facebook is allowed to do that. Are they a full-blown subsidiary  of the Biden administration at this point? A person has to be very  concerned over the last couple months that that is what is happening.   The Attorney General would not make a commitment that he is going to  investigate what is illegal activity from one of the largest companies  in the United States of America and, clearly, one of the most powerful  companies in the United States of America.   Also what came out of our hearing today, in my State is Fort McCoy,  and we have been hearing stories coming out of Fort McCoy as a result  of the mass migration perpetrated on the American people by the Biden  administration over the last 2 months.   We found out very early on that there was no SIV process that was  going on, no Special Immigrant Visa process. They were just being  waived in on parole.   We found out people could leave any time that they want to. We found  out that 600 people were in quarantine with measles, COVID, and  tuberculosis--just being allowed into our country.   We found out that there were people being charged with violent  crimes, a man raping two young boys in that camp at Fort McCoy. We  found out that a man was beating his wife to death at Fort McCoy. We  found out at Fort Bliss that a female soldier was being beaten by  Afghan men.   The American people wonder; they wonder why there are two sets of  rules.   My good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Perry), brought up the story in regard to the rape on the Philadelphia  train that has horrified Americans. The assailant was an illegal  immigrant with prior convictions related to sexual abuse and drugs. He  should have been deported. However, he was allowed to stay in the  United States after an appeals board determined that his prior sex  crime was not serious enough to merit his removal.   I asked the Justice Department, how serious does a sex crime have to  be?   These are the two sets of rules that we are seeing in America, and  they are seeing it in a stark basis, with the mass migration that is  coming into our country.   We have an Attorney General that is being urged by school boards  across the  [[Page H5777]]  country to entertain the use of the PATRIOT Act on mothers and parents.  We won't use the PATRIOT Act on people who propose to come into the  United States of America illegally, but we will use it on our own  citizens? Something is wrong, America.   