 Mr. Speaker, I am excited to be one of the sponsors of  this great legislation, and I am grateful that it includes, as title  II, my bill, the  [[Page H697]]  Northwest California Wilderness, Recreation, and Working Forests Act.   This bill addresses some lands in my district that are some of the  most biodiverse ecosystems and exciting outdoor recreation  opportunities you will find anywhere in California. These areas are  home to old-growth trees critical for carbon sequestration, rivers that  provide fish habitat and unparalleled recreation, and mountain trails  that offer hiking, biking, and other unique experiences.   Being active in the outdoors and experiencing wild places is a way of  life in my district. Over the past year, with lockdowns and isolation,  we have seen how important getting outside has been for our well-being.  We all depend on the ecological, economic, and mental health benefits  that our public lands provide, and that is why my legislation takes a  multifaceted approach to public land management.   First, it includes an ambitious restoration plan to improve forest  health, promote fire resilience, and protect communities.   Second, it recognizes the importance of the outdoor recreation  economy by increasing recreational opportunities and tourism. Investing  in our public lands means we are also investing in communities near our  public lands, and that is why there is so much broad support in my  district for this bill.   Then, finally, this legislation protects important wild places. These  areas include critical habitat and ecosystems as well as some of the  best fishing, hiking, and white water runs in the State. It takes  conservation seriously because it is urgently needed for the future of  our planet.   I would also like to explain the process. I believe good process  leads to good policy, and we have worked very hard on this bill,  starting when I first got to Congress. We have asked stakeholders about  policy issues that should be addressed in public lands legislation. The  legislation was further refined over more than 5 years of work. I have  repeatedly sat down with constituents at public meetings and otherwise.  We have discussed all the concerns that were addressed by local  officials.   I believe that this comprehensive, carefully developed bill reflects  that good process in the fact that we have such broad support,  including conservation organizations, outdoor recreation groups, dozens  of businesses, community leaders, adjacent landowners, and former and  current elected officials from all the affected counties. It also drew  bipartisan support in the Natural Resources Committee, which is a rare  thing for a wilderness-related bill.   This bill is focused on a future for northwest California, where  public lands are resilient and our outdoor recreation economy grows  while we preserve environmental values for future generations.   