 Madam Speaker, I thank Vice Chairman Johnson for  yielding to me and the adequate job that he is doing.   Madam Speaker, I recently overheard some East Tennesseans talking at  the gas pumps at the local Pilot station. And a fellow said, it is  almost like these politicians want to make gas more expensive. Well, I  think my constituents are on to something.   Conversations like this one I have heard at my local Pilot station  have been happening everywhere all across this country. Americans are  so displeased with gas prices, they are slapping these Biden ``I did  that'' stickers on the pumps. I don't recommend doing that, but it  seems to me somebody is taking the initiative to do it.   Madam Speaker, Joe Biden's war against affordable energy is hurting  millions of Americans' ability to travel. Commutes to work, family road  trips, trips to the park, airline travel--all are soaring in costs. The  White House lacks any and all sympathy for what this crisis means for  working Americans.   Joe Biden's Energy Secretary even laughed when asked how her  department planned to stabilize gas prices. I thought that was the  ultimate act of arrogance. It is the ``let them eat cake too'' kind of  thing.    I guess this is easy for Joe Biden and his Cabinet to ignore.  American taxpayers fund all their travel in those fancy private cars  and jet airplanes they fly around in. Their attitude is insulting and  it is arrogant. No wonder Joe Biden is blind to what is going on. He  never sees a bill for any of it, not a doggone bit.   The holiday season is right around the corner, people will be  celebrating Hanukkah and Christmas, and I predict holiday travel this  year will be the most expensive on record. Americans will have Joe  Biden's war on affordable energy to thank for their enormous travel  expenses.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Johnson for the adequate work he is  doing.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Keller), and thank him for his better-than-lackluster handling of  this event tonight. It is much appreciated.   Madam Speaker, for the past several weeks, I have been coming down  here to make the point over and over again that Joe Biden's vaccine  mandate is ridiculous and unconstitutional. Many of my colleagues have  done the same. We all agree that no American should lose their job for  deciding not to take the coronavirus vaccine.   Today, our efforts paid off. Biden's Occupational Safety and Health  Administration announced just a few hours ago that it is suspending  plans to implement a vaccine mandate on large employers. The  bureaucrats saw the writing on the wall after a court blocked the  vaccine mandate last weekend.   The victory doesn't mean the fight is over. Joe Biden's  administration will try again to punish Americans who decide not to  take the shot. As a matter of fact, they are even advising some to just  disregard the court order.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Keller for leading this effort to  overturn Biden's vaccine mandate. It is good to know we have this  legislative measure ready to go if Biden launches another attack on  unvaccinated Americans.   Madam Speaker, many Americans still have questions about the  coronavirus vaccine. They should have the freedom to make the choice  that is right for them without government threatening their jobs. Our  country is a symbol of personal liberty and freedom, a government  vaccine mandate is out of touch with these values.   We have a responsibility to preserve our Nation's values to protect  our constituents from extreme government overreach.   