 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I would like to add to that. What is lost on this body  many, many times over is the inhumane treatment that these many, many  travelers are experiencing not only before they get to the United  States but then after.   This is not the land of milk and honey for everyone, folks. There are  people who are pressed into indentured servitude once they actually  arrive here.   Madam Speaker, I had the privilege of going down to the Arizona- Mexico border about a month ago with the gentleman from Texas and was  able to see firsthand and meet with Customs agents, Border Patrol,  local law enforcement, and the farmers and ranchers. What falls on deaf  ears is the terrible, terrible treatment.   Our friends from across the aisle think that they are being  compassionate by opening up the border and declaring amnesty for  everyone. What they don't understand is that those folks are so poorly  treated by the cartels as they travel north.   You can break it into three sections.   As they travel north, these women are raped. These children are  violently assaulted. They are forced and coerced  [[Page H1344]]  into carrying drugs across the line. And then they are forced to pay  $5,000 to $7,000 to try to pay for that passage.   Once they get to the border, they are then forced to carry drugs  across the border.   Once they get north and are actually in our country, what happens is,  many times over, they are forced to pay 25, 30 percent of their weekly  income back to a cartel, which then continues to fuel other illicit  crimes.    Madam Speaker, I would absolutely agree with that. And  my good friend from Texas, I think with your fabulous legal mind, you  can tell me. As we have these 180 cities across the Nation and 11  States that have declared themselves sanctuary places that these folks  can go to, could we say that they are complicit in these crimes when  they are incentivizing these people to travel north and get trapped in  these situations?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman.   Then the last point that I would make--as my good friend from  Virginia, who was here earlier, made--and that is, it impacts every  community across our Nation.    We all are border cities now. The State of Montana is very proud to  host to seven sovereign nations, the reservations. What happens is they  become target areas for wide distribution of methamphetamine and other  illicit drugs and sex trafficking. Then, those problems begin to spill  out into the other communities around there, so the entire State ends  up becoming a big, big problem.    It has. The gentleman from Texas, I think, would agree  that we are in a sad state when the humans across this Nation have  devolved into where they now have become collateral.   The family, friends, and relatives of the people who have crossed the  border illegally, their family and their friends have devolved into a  place that they are collateral to make sure that the payments are made  for the people who have actually crossed the border to the north.   