 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the Access to  Congressionally Mandated Reports Act, which I have worked on along with  my House Oversight and Reform Committee colleague, Congressman Mike  Quigley.  [[Page H3872]]    This bill will help modernize Congress and expand the legislative  branch's oversight over the executive branch.   Every year, Federal agencies prepare and submit thousands of in-depth  reports to various congressional committees. These reports cover topics  such as the implementation status of new agency programs or legal  requirements in recently passed laws.   They also cover the ongoing effort of the Federal Government to  address waste, fraud, and abuse as well as policy priorities like our  Nation's financial stability, cybersecurity, homeland security, and  public health readiness.   In short, congressionally mandated reports are a key part of how the  United States Congress fulfills its Article I oversight duties over the  executive branch.   Beyond holding hearings and passing laws, the legislative branch  mandates that executive branch agencies report to the House and Senate  on their activities and compliance with the law.   As representatives in the House, we have an obligation to the  American people to maintain constant visibility into the executive  branch. And congressionally mandated reports are one of our most  useful, daily oversight tools.   However, there is a problem. Congress lacks a central inventory of  the reports we require Federal agencies to send us. This makes it hard  to know for certain if agencies are fulfilling their legal reporting  obligations or for new congressional Members and staff to find reports  from previous years.   Additionally, the American public has little to no access to these  valuable reports, which contain key insights into agency programs and  missions that directly affect them.   H.R. 2485 is the solution we need. With the bill's establishment of a  single website at the Government Publishing Office we will be able to  find the reports we need when we need them.   A fully searchable inventory of these reports makes complete sense in  the modern world. This new portal will enable each and every House  Member and staffer to do their job on behalf of the American people  they represent.   After all, American taxpayer dollars are funding the preparation of  these reports as well as the agency activities they report on.   And for sensitive reports containing classified information, there  are protections to ensure that only the proper congressional committees  will be able to access such reports.   Again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. Mike Quigley, for working  with me to improve and reintroduce this government-wide transparency  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2485.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 272, the Congressional Budget  Justification Transparency Act.   This bill is a timely and important reform to ensure Congress and the  public can review all Federal spending. This bipartisan legislation  make it possible for the public and every member of Congress to readily  find and compare the annual budget justification and supporting  materials that each agency prepares and sends to Congress. This  detailed review is critical to ensuring that our tax dollars are spent  properly.   This reform is also needed now more than ever. Last year alone, the  Federal Government spent more than $6.8 trillion. Unfortunately, this  trend in massive government spending does not seem to be slowing down  any time soon.   The Congressional Budget Justification Transparency Act will require  all agencies to make their budget justification materials available  online in plain language. In doing so, this legislation will empower  Congress' ability to conduct oversight of Federal agencies' use of  taxpayer dollars by consolidating agency data. It will also provide  much-needed transparency to the American people.   Requiring each agency to provide detailed plain language explanations  of how they intend to spend taxpayer dollars ensures Americans can  review those decisions at any time.   I want to thank my colleague, Congressman   Mike Quigley, for working  with me on H.R. 22 which we were able to pass through the House back on  January 5 of this year. I was glad to see the Senate's recent action  advancing this much-needed reform bill through Congress.   This legislation illustrates the importance of working across the  aisle to improve congressional oversight to ensure American tax dollars  are spent efficiently and effectively. Today the House sends the  Congressional Budget Justification Transparency Act to the President's  desk.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working on many more bipartisan  government accountability bills and encourage my colleagues to support  this bill.  [[Page H3874]]        