 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as we finally, finally begin to turn the  corner on the coronavirus pandemic, we have the hard work of rebuilding  our economy.   One of the core engines of the American economy is intellectual  property. From the smallest startup to the largest multinational  company, intellectual property is central to creating jobs, boosting  economic output, and protecting consumers. So it is appropriate that,  today, we celebrate World Intellectual Property Day, which recognizes  the important role that intellectual property plays in promoting  innovation, creativity, and economic growth.   This year's World IP Day theme celebrates the contributions of small-  and medium-sized businesses to the global marketplace. Why? Well, these  small enterprises make up 90 percent of the world's businesses. Whether  through protecting their brands with trademarks or their inventions  with patents, intellectual property allows these small companies to  grow and succeed; yet, here at home, far too many Americans with an  entrepreneurial spirit find key elements of the intellectual property  system out of their reach.   Last week, the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Intellectual  Property--and I am privileged to chair that--held an important hearing  to find ways to boost access in the patent system. We know that women  and people of color are chronically underrepresented in the patent  system, which results in a serious loss to our economy.   I am particularly proud that this hearing featured testimony from  Georgia Grace Edwards, a Middlebury College graduate and entrepreneur,  who realized that, after spending a summer in Alaska and 8 to 12 hours  at a time on ice, she was at a serious disadvantage when it came to  answering nature's call during her treks. Like so many innovators  before her, Georgia Grace got to work in designing a new zipper--in  sense, it was such a great thing--that could be incorporated into a  variety of women's pants.   Now, while she was ultimately able to successfully navigate the  patent system and secure protection for her idea, here is the problem.  She faced a number of barriers along the way: the high cost of  obtaining a patent, particularly from legal fees; a lack of knowledge  about how the patent system works; and the lack of representation of  women throughout the system.   Ten years ago, Congress enacted the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act,  which put structures in place to help access the patent system and  bring up a far more diverse set of inventors into the innovation  economy, and at our hearing, we heard specific ideas for building on  the success of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act.   As the President awaits nominating the next Director of the U.S.  Patent and Trademark Office, I want him to choose a nominee who shares  a commitment to increasing access. It is not just the huge companies  that need it; it is the small inventors.   It is important that the next Director of the U.S. Patent and  Trademark Office respect the law, including the statutory bounds set by  Congress. You know, the last administration took steps to undermine the  Leahy-Smith Act. They acted outside those statutory bounds.   I have always sought to curb the potential for poor-quality patents  to be abused. That drove much of the work we did 10 years ago. So I  look forward to supporting a nominee for PTO Director who shares my  view that it is important to weed out poor-quality patents, avoid the  potential for abuse, but at the same time reinforce the protection  provided to high-quality patents.   We must also work to ensure that hard-working small business owners  and creators who rely on copyright protections to make a living are  able to protect their works online.   While I appreciate the steps that some online platforms are taking to  address the persistent problem of online infringement, much like the  issue of diversity in the patent system, more work needs to be done.   Last month, I joined with Senator Tillis and other members of the IP  Subcommittee, and we sent a letter to major online platforms outlining  specific voluntary measures they could adapt to crack down on online  infringement. I hope that on World IP Day, the leaders of these online  platforms will take a moment to consider the plight  [[Page S2189]]  of the individual songwriter or photographer or the independent film  producer and give serious thought to steps they can take to ensure that  creators can adequately protect their works online. You know, for these  small and independent creators, nothing short of their livelihoods is  at stake.   Finally, I want to recognize the important work our IP system does to  protect consumers. The trademark system helps to guide consumers in  finding which products are legitimate but also which are not.   Unfortunately, fraudsters are relentless in exploiting opportunities  to fool consumers into buying counterfeit products, and that has been  especially dangerous during the global pandemic. Just last month,  authorities seized more than 65,000 counterfeit 3M N95 masks--not like  the real one I am holding. But that is just the tip of the iceberg. As  the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am committed to  ensuring that Customs and Border Patrol has the resources it needs to  respond to the ever-evolving counterfeiting threat. A diverse,  accessible, and effective intellectual property system that rewards  creativity and innovation is essential to our Nation's continued  prosperity, and I look forward to working with Ranking Member Tillis  and the other members of the IP Subcommittee, as well as with the  Appropriations Committee, to both celebrate the achievements of  American inventors and ensure that their contributions are being  protected   