 Madam President, America is in crisis. Today,  the Federal debt sits at a staggering $27 trillion, and it has grown by  more than $4 trillion in just the last year. Now, Congress is debating  whether to spend another $1.9 trillion, raising our debt to nearly $30  trillion.   Less than 10 percent of this massive $1.9 trillion package actually  goes directly to COVID relief, and just 1 percent is dedicated to  vaccine-related programs. The rest is filled with wasteful liberal  priorities.   Speaker Pelosi and Leader Schumer, bridges and tunnels have no  business being included in a COVID relief bill. It is shameful. Only in  Washington can people throw these numbers and ideas  [[Page S1013]]  around without a care for what it means for our future. It is  dangerous, and it is time to get serious.   Congress has the responsibility to thoroughly review how every single  tax dollar is spent by the Federal Government and make sure we are  spending wisely. Sadly, this is rare behavior in Washington. Congress  spends with reckless abandon and rarely considers how today's  foolishness will impact our children and grandchildren, and we are  seeing President Biden and Senate Democrats continue this dangerous  behavior. For them, the Obama-era thinking of ``Never let a crisis go  to waste'' is alive and well.   Estimates show that there is roughly $1 trillion in enacted but  unspent COVID-19 stimulus funding. Last month, I wrote to President  Biden's Acting Director for the Office of Management and Budget  requesting any documents related to enacted but currently unspent  COVID-19 stimulus funding. The response: None. Total silence.   Here is what that means: The Senate has no idea how States are  spending their allocated funds, and we don't know what the actual needs  are. It would be completely irresponsible and an abdication of our duty  as stewards of American tax dollars if the Senate continues to approve  further spending without more information.   That is why my colleagues and I are introducing a resolution calling  on President Biden to inform the Senate of how much unspent funds are  left over from the previous COVID spending bills. We want to be very  clear. This resolution only asks for information from the President  that will help the Senate make an informed decision.   I am proud to be joined today by Senator Lankford and Senator Ernst  to ask for transparency.   It is pretty simple. Ever since the pandemic started, I have wanted  the Federal Government to step in and help those who are hurting and  have lost their jobs. I will completely agree that we need to do more  to help families and small businesses that continue to suffer from the  impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. Relief is needed, but it has to be  targeted. We have to consider our debt and do only what is necessary  for those in need.   I grew up in public housing and watched my parents struggle to find  work and make ends meet. I saw my dad's car get repossessed twice. I  never want a family to go through what mine did growing up. But before  another dollar is spent, especially dollars going to liberal  initiatives that have nothing to do with COVID relief, there needs to  be a full and clear accounting of all enacted but unspent funding. The  decisions we make today have serious impacts on our children and  grandchildren.   But before I continue, I yield to my colleagues from Iowa and  Oklahoma and thank them for their effort.   I now yield to Senator Ernst.    Madam President, I thank Senator Lankford and  Senator Ernst.   Passing this resolution will show the American people that Congress  can be both responsive to the needs of American families and small  businesses hurt by this pandemic while also remaining fully accountable  for the proper stewardship of tax dollars.   This is about basic transparency and getting the facts. If this  resolution passes and the administration shares the information I have  been requesting, it will go a long way in helping Congress craft a  targeted bill that directly addresses the real needs in our Nation  today.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration  of S. Res. 88, submitted earlier today. I further ask that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I am extremely disappointed in  my colleague's decision to block this resolution. My colleagues and I  wouldn't be doing this resolution if we were receiving the information  that my colleague said we were receiving.   This has nothing to do with whether Senate Republicans want to  provide relief. We want to provide relief. We want to do it in a  targeted manner, and we want to make sure that we don't waste taxpayer  dollars.   This objection just blocked the Senate from requesting basic  information  [[Page S1015]]  that will help us do our basic jobs. Senate Democrats just objected to  transparency. This means they are against giving us the facts, against  ensuring accountability, and against getting targeted help to the right  people. My colleague is choosing to prevent the Senate from receiving  information that is pertinent to our ongoing negotiations.   Senate Republicans believe in relief of those hurt by COVID-19. We  want to help our small businesses. We want to help those who have lost  their jobs. We want to make sure families are able to survive this  crisis and come out on the other side with their health and livelihood.   My colleague's objection shows that Senate Democrats are not actually  interested in finding a bipartisan solution to our Nation's problems.  Instead, they want to blindly spend money on provisions completely  unrelated to COVID, as if there are no consequences to racking up more  debt and spending beyond our means.   I am thinking about the kids who are just like me, growing up in  public housing, with parents who are barely scraping by. We need to  help those families. In order to do that, we need to better understand  where the need is.   I am disappointed in my colleague's decision, and I hope he  reconsiders.   I yield the floor.   