 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Kentucky, the Speaker pro tempore from Kentucky, and also my good  friend from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone) for their work. I would like to  thank Mr. Pallone and Ranking Member McMorris Rodgers for allowing this  piece of legislation to come to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2355, the  Opioid Prescription Verification Act of 2021. As my good friend Mr.  Bilirakis just said a few minutes ago, this bill builds on the  successes in the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act that was  signed into law by President Trump in 2018. Our bill adds to this  success by incentivizing electronic prescribing of opioids.   This bill also encourages the full use of States' existing  prescription drug monitoring programs to help facilitate informed and  responsible dispensing of controlled substances.   My bill will ultimately help doctors and pharmacists track the  prescriptions a patient has received and ensure they cannot be altered  or copied and used multiple times in an illicit manner. This will help  reduce prescription shopping and curb illegal sales that result in  unprescribed use of opioids, which have tragically led to millions of  overdose deaths.    This idea actually came from a meeting I had with local law  enforcement in the Bloomington-Normal area in central Illinois. I have  to thank Chief Bleichner and also Sergeant Kapchinske for coming up  with the idea because they had to track down some illicit opioid pill  shoppers in their communities. By the time they figured out this group  was shopping for opioid pills, the criminals were able to secure over  300 pills that would have been sold on the black market and could have  added to our death tolls.   The dramatic increase in overdoses during the COVID-19 pandemic has  also shown that we must be doing more to prevent opioid abuse. The  Opioid Prescription Verification Act is an important tool in our fight  against the opioid epidemic.   The original concept of this bill was to encourage States to  implement protocols for opioid prescriptions similar to the federally  mandated ID check on Sudafed-type drugs that has been in Federal law  since 2005 because they can simply be used to illegally manufacture  deadly methamphetamines.   While I believe a Federal mandate for manual checks for opioids would  stop a significant number of bad actors, expanded use of e-prescribing  will be an important and effective tool to combat the abuse.   I thank, again, Chairman Pallone, Ranking Member McMorris Rodgers,  and also Ranking Member Guthrie; my good friend Mr. Bilirakis; and also  Congresswoman Wagner for helping move this bill and finding this good,  principled compromise today. I also encourage my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on this important bill.   