 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend, the  Representative who we affectionately call Chief Demings, for organizing  this Special Order hour. You don't get many friends like Congresswoman  Demings. She is a true leader; she is thoughtful; and she is a true  public servant.   I join her, Mr. Speaker, this National Police Week to honor and  remember the officers who lost their lives last year in the line of  duty.   I can remember, years ago, traveling with my colleagues from the  Indiana State Excise Police to honor my colleague's dad, who passed  away in a high-speed pursuit on State Road 231. He was the sheriff,  Sheriff Jim Baugh of Putnam County, and we came out here years ago to  honor Mr. Baugh.   Though nothing can bring back the lives that have been lost or ease  the collective grief we feel, we take comfort in knowing that we will  never forget them or the sacrifices they have made.   We pledge, Mr. Speaker, to keep their legacy alive through our  efforts to improve policing for every community, for all Americans.   As a former law enforcement officer, this priority is deeply  personal. I want to pay special tribute to all the law enforcement  officers in my district who are working to keep our city safe and build  greater trust with the neighborhoods they serve.   I also want to honor the Hoosier officers statewide who have lost  their lives. One such officer I would like to recognize is Officer  Breann Leath, an Indianapolis Metro Police Department officer who was  shot and killed last April while responding to a domestic disturbance.   She was 24 years old, Mr. Speaker, a veteran of the National Guard,  the mother of a young son, and part of a family and a proud legacy of  law enforcement. She had her whole life and a great career ahead of  her, only to have it tragically cut short.   Today and every day, Mr. Speaker, we honor her and those like her who  have been killed in the line of duty.   Mr. Speaker, I would also be remiss if I did not take this  opportunity to recognize the countless Americans who we have lost to  police brutality.   In Indianapolis alone, and in communities across our country, the  list grows longer each day. We must honor their memory and commit to  enacting reforms that save lives in the future.   Now, let's be clear, Mr. Speaker. We are not advocating for these  reforms in order to punish police or to make their jobs harder. We also  want to improve their lives as well. We want to provide police with  better training and the right resources. We want to help police build  stronger and healthier relationships with the communities they serve.  [[Page H2251]]    We also want police to be able to focus on keeping the peace and  relieve them of their many other duties that they are expected to do  even when they are not trained or equipped to carry out these  additional duties.   As a former law enforcement officer and as a Black man who has been  the victim of police excess and misconduct, it is clear to me that  these changes are desperately needed.   We can improve policing and save lives by passing the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act. The House has done its work and passed it  twice, last year and this year. Now, the Senate must be bold and pass  it as soon as possible so President Biden can sign it into law.   Thank you again to all the law enforcement officers who risk their  lives to keep Americans safe, and a special thanks to those we have  lost.   