 Mr. Speaker, jeez, we could talk for 2 hours.   First thing, one of the things that hasn't been mentioned here is the  increase in the income tax credit for single people has a marriage  penalty in it. I bring it up because I know the strength that Black  Lives Matter had in this last election. I know it is a group that  doesn't like the old-fashioned family. I am disturbed that we have  another program here in which we are increasing the marriage penalty.   Second thing, we have loan forgiveness on farms based on ethnicity.  Some people are going to get forgiveness; some people aren't. I think  that is incredibly divisive. I think we started out with a divisive  inaugural speech right off the bat, and to go down this route is only  going to create divisiveness in America.   The third thing, to have a bill with this high spending, with the  Federal Reserve printing up this amount of money, is inevitably going  to result in inflation.   I feel so sorry for young people today. As the cost of housing goes  through the roof, I don't know how they are going to be able to afford  a house. But we also have increase in food costs and increase in energy  costs. I don't want to call it the Joe Biden inflation, but I am afraid  that is where we are heading.   Fourth thing, in the rush to judgment, giving checks to people who  are incarcerated. I have talked to my correctional officers about this.  I don't know how they are supposed to feel, in which they have to work  every day and the people who they are taking care of are going to be  getting checks out of this.   Finally, I have had two municipalities in my district, from which I  have been contacted, in which the amount of money they are getting is  over 10 times what they feel would make them whole.   I think we are being very reckless about the degree to which we are  spending money here.    Mr. Speaker, one more time we see people uncomfortable  with our Constitution. Our forefathers gave us the right to bear arms  because they wanted law-abiding people to have the right to defend  themselves.   Until Ferguson and the rise of the antipolice movement about 5 years  ago, the murder rate in this country fell by over one-half between the  early 1990s and around 2014.   What happened at that time?   We whipped up some antipolice hysteria, and since that time things  have gone wildly up. Now the majority party introduces a cache of bills  designed to make it more difficult for law-abiding people to access a  weapon while not having any impact on people who wouldn't obey the laws  anyway.   They don't like the idea of private transfers. They don't like the  idea of being able to get a gun in less than 10 days. They don't like  the idea that if the government doesn't give the proper information  over--well, apparently, they like the idea that they want to keep  people from getting guns if the government, for whatever reason, is  slow in turning things over.   In any event, let's go back to the things that worked for 25 years  before the rise of the antipolice movement if we really want to see  improvement.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to, one more time, address  what is going on here and the perceived problem.   Here in the United States, the number of murders from the beginning  of the 1990s until Ferguson had fallen repeatedly, and the murder rate  was half of what it once was with a tough law enforcement stance.    At that time, in the Ferguson shooting, when Officer Wilson, who was  eventually found entirely innocent by the Obama Justice Department,  when that person died, we whipped people into an antipolice frenzy.  Because of the antipolice frenzy, we had the murder rate in this  country go up by 20 percent.   It then began to drop again until last year when we had the horrible  events in Minneapolis. One more time, we whipped people up into a  frenzy, and the number of murders in 1 year in Minneapolis went up 70  percent; in New York, 40 percent; in Chicago, 55 percent; and in  Milwaukee, 95 percent, with the same gun control laws in cities that  are run by mayors who are as antigun as you will find.   The problem here is we whipped the people into an antipolice frenzy.  The police became passive, and a lot of people died. The people who  were whipped into the antipolice frenzy ought to stop and consider the  huge increase in murders.   