 Madam President, I was watching Senator Ernst give this  speech. And as to that ``Help Wanted'' sign, I thought I was back in  Springfield, MO, my hometown, where I was this weekend. There were  occasions when I was driving down a block, and I started looking to see  if there was a place that didn't have a ``Help Wanted'' sign up. They  were everywhere--``Help Wanted'' signs, hiring bonuses, rates well  above the minimum wage. Our minimum wage is $10.30 in our State. There  were rates well above that being advertised on the ``Help Wanted''  signs.   You know, we all were disappointed by the job numbers that were  issued at the end of April. But, obviously, the job numbers didn't  reflect the fact that there weren't jobs to be had. It was just that  there weren't people taking the jobs to be had.   We need to think about everything we can to create an environment  where people want to go back to work, where people are encouraged to go  back to work, and where people who can't go back to work have that  basic unemployment benefit. Nobody is begrudging that, but I think it  is clear that we have made some mistakes here.   Now, many of us were concerned about this when it initially came up,  and we were not able to turn back the additional bonus at the time,  though the predictions were just too true about what might happen.   What small businesses in Missouri are saying is pretty consistent all  over the State. In St. Louis, the manager of Mary Ann's Tea Room said:  ``It is heartbreaking that the business is there, but I can't hire  anyone.'' And that restaurant was forced to just close down because  they didn't have enough workers.   In Kansas City, the president of the Big Biscuit restaurant said:  ``We've never had a hiring drought like this before.'' And according to  him, he said, there is ``no doubt we are up against unemployment that  has been artificially increased and stimulus payments that give people  the opportunity not to show up for work.''   In Branson, just as the busy summer season is getting underway, the  general manager at Mel's Hard Luck Diner says he is so short-staffed  that they have to close Sunday evenings now--a time when they would  normally be open, just to compensate for the fact that they don't have  enough people to do the 7 evenings and 7 days of business that they  were used to doing. He says he can't even get people to show up for a  job interview, let alone show up to work.   Just down the street in Branson, at one of the great theme parks in  America, the Silver Dollar City Theme Park, they told me a couple of  weeks ago that they could hire 150 people the next day--that would  still be their view, by the way--if they could find 150 people. They  have 150 jobs, and they have more customers than they have people, so  not everybody could get in the park that would normally be able to come  to the park.   In Columbia, right in the middle of our State, the owner of Just  Jeff's said: ``There's not a person that I come into contact with . . .  as a businessowner or manager or something like that, that isn't in a  terrible pinch right now for help.''   That is just a snapshot of all we are seeing. I talked to one person  who runs a family hotel chain. It is a big family hotel chain based in  St. Louis. He said: We have the customers now who are coming back, but  we don't have the help. We could fill more rooms than we are filling if  we had people who could clean the rooms and get them ready the next  day.   Businesses are ready to be back and be fully open, but they don't  have the workers they need.   We had an amendment in the CARES Act, one of the five bipartisan  bills we passed last year, that would have prevented people from making  more when they are unemployed than when they  [[Page S2760]]  are working. I said at the time, when I voted for that amendment, that  I was concerned that these enhanced unemployment benefits would really  create a time when people didn't want to go back to work, and,  unfortunately, that is exactly what happened in Missouri and around the  country   It has been a tough year, we all know that, for small business  owners. We stepped up and tried to think of early ways to keep people  on their payrolls rather than on the unemployment rolls. By the way,  even at that time, many of those businesses were saying, well, that is  a great idea. We would like to keep them on our payroll, but they can  make more money on the unemployment rolls. Is that fair to them, to not  let them go to this unemployment that the government and its policies  made so appealing?   They were trying to fight the worst public health crisis ever and  trying to keep businesses afloat. Now they are trying to figure out: As  we come out of the public health crisis, what do we do to keep that  business going?   You know, that misguided government policy--that comment Ronald  Reagan used to make--is one of the scariest things you could hear: ``I  am from the government, and I am here to help.'' This seems to be a  case where that truly has been a scary thing: The government, trying to  help, trying to reach out and do what at least a majority of our  colleagues thought was the right thing, has created a situation that is  different than it needs to be.   Twenty-one States have now either decided to stop participating  already or have announced that they are going to stop participating.  Governor Parson in Missouri made that decision. As Senator Ernst  mentioned, the Governor of Iowa has made and 19 other Governors have  made that decision.   The average unemployment benefit in the States in America right now  is $618 a week. That is the average. That includes the $300 that the  Federal Government has put into every one of those checks that are  still going out at that level. That is $15.46 an hour. Certainly, one  way to mandate a $15 hourly pay rate is just to decide that is what you  are going to make if you are unemployed. Well, it hasn't worked. It  won't work. Our State of Missouri and other States are moving away from  this.   In Washington, we make policies, and one of our responsibilities is  to be sure that we are keeping an eye on unintended consequences. The  law of unintended consequences is one of the great certainties of  making law, and we need to watch out for that. We have a huge  unintended consequence here. We saw what happened when now the Biden  administration is trying to explain why it is not their policies that  appear to be slowing the recovery down, but we all know that this is  part of that problem.   We have done something to cause this problem. We need to figure out  how to solve this problem. This should not be something that States,  one at a time, reject. We need to get our economy back on track as  quickly as possible.   There is virtue in work, and I hope we make work more appealing again  than not working.   Thank you.   