 Mr. Brown, reserving the right to object, I don't want to  laugh. This is too serious. But we have the chairman of the Republican  Senate campaign committee who comes down to the floor--he knows better.  I mean, he just knows better. He knows this is a political stunt. It is  what he does.   I don't think the chair of the Senate Republican campaign committee  gets paid extra to do this kind of stuff, but it is just clearly a  political stunt. He knows. He doesn't really know--I don't know what he  knows, but I do know that I haven't seen his interest in housing since  he has been in the Senate. I am the chair of the Housing Committee.  When I was ranking member with Senator Crapo, for whom I have great  respect, I didn't see any. But all of a sudden, he has this interest in  low-income people's housing to make sure that they have safe,  accessible, affordable places to stay.   He knows--he should know; I don't know how he would not know--that  HUD is not requiring proof of vaccination for people to use their  services. There is no hint of any of us--I mean, because I am lucky  enough to be chair of this committee, I do more in housing than perhaps  anybody in this body--at least one of the three or four who do the  most--and I don't know anybody who is saying we are going to require  proof of vaccine. So it is just a political stunt.   I don't know if the Senator from--I think it is Florida; I am not  sure--the Senator from Florida is going to, as soon as this is over,  take down these debates and show how he is standing up for people's  access to housing, especially low-income, but he is proposing that the  Senate take up and pass a bill to address a problem that just isn't  happening.   The sad part is, we know how real housing issues are in this country.  It isn't a stunt for people trying to figure out how they are going to  pay the rent. We know that before the pandemic, 25 percent of renters  in this country were paying more than half their income for rent. That  means if the car breaks down, it means if their child gets sick, it  means if they have a minor workplace injury and they miss a week of  work, it means that then their lives are turned upside down because  they are evicted.   I wish I saw my colleague and the other officers of the Republican  Senate campaign committee out on this floor fighting for those renters,  fighting for those low-income people who are paying $700 or $800 a  month in rent in Hartford or in Cleveland and could pay less if they  owned a home, but they don't have the downpayment. It would be great to  see them come out on the floor and work with us--work with us--the  Senator from Connecticut and me and others, to help low-income people  come up with that downpayment. There are 27,000 Floridians who were  experiencing homelessness even before the pandemic.   So I just wish I saw this concern and these concerns in other ways.  Housing is a foundation for opportunity. It is the biggest cost most  families face. The cost is way too high. We can't build an economy that  works for everyone when housing prices eat up more of families' budgets  year after year. We can work to fix that.   I encourage the Senator from Florida to join us to fix the real  problems in  [[Page S7053]]  rural areas, in big coastal cities, in small towns on Lake Erie or the  Atlantic Ocean. It is a national problem that needs a national response  and a national, significant investment. Let's take housing problems  seriously. Let's stop the political stunts. Let's work together for the  people whom we serve.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, I have a message for Ohio voters, my great  State of 12 million people.   To Ohio voters, to parents, I say: Check your bank accounts.   On Friday, most Ohio parents--the parents of more than 2 million  children, 92 percent of children in our State--most Ohio parents, once  again, saw $250, or $300, or $600 in tax cuts directly deposited in  their banks accounts, or maybe they got the check in their mailbox.   To parents, I say: We know how hard you work at your jobs and raising  your children.   Any parent--any parent--knows how much work it is to take care of  children, especially young children.   I am the lucky, proud grandparent, grandfather of eight  grandchildren. I watch my children--five of our grandchildren live in  Ohio; three of them live out of State not too far away. I watch them. I  watch how hard they work, how difficult it is to take care of young  children. And it has only gotten harder, of course, we know, over the  last year and a half.   So often I say to these parents: Your hard work doesn't pay off like  it should.   We have seen what happened over the past few decades: productivity  goes up, stock prices have soared, executive compensation is off the  charts; yet wages have barely budged.   Meanwhile, you know how expensive it is to raise children:  healthcare, school lunch, diapers, clothes, school supplies, braces,  sports fees. The list never seems to end. One of the biggest expenses,  of course, for so many families is childcare.   Parents feel like they are stuck. The more they work, the more  expensive childcare is. You feel like you can't keep up, no matter how  hard you work.   It is why we passed the child tax credit--the largest tax cut for  working families ever. It is about finally, finally, making your--Ohio  parents--your hard work pay off so you can keep up with those extra  expenses that keep coming when you are raising a family.   Stories pour into our office from parents from Sandusky to  Portsmouth, from Ashtabula to Middletown and Hamilton, from Toledo to  Gallipolis--stories we hear over and over about these tax cuts; stories  about how expensive childcare is, how parents are using their money to  afford childcare so they can go back to work or, in some cases, work  overtime.   Kristen of Columbus said she is using this to pay for ``Daycare. For  two kids [at] $600/wk.''   Brittany said, ``Daycare.''   Ellie said, ``Daycare.''   Alex in Cleveland: ``Every penny goes to daycare. 4 kids in daycare .  . . $800/week.''   These tax cuts mean more parents are in the workplace. They can  afford to go to work. It is that simple.   And let's be clear. Getting $300, getting $600 a month per child in  tax cuts doesn't discourage anyone from getting a job, or doesn't cause  any of them to quit.   I am going to leave my job that pays $30,000 a year because I am  getting $3,000--said no one ever to us.   There is no way you could afford to raise a family on that. You still  need a job. These tax cuts help parents afford that job.   It is all about dignity of work. I can't count the number of families  that said: You know--I said on this floor a few minutes ago that 25  percent of renters in this country spend half their income on rent. So  we know how anxious those families are on the last week of the month.   One of the things I have heard perhaps more than anything else about  this child tax credit is: The last week of the month, we don't have to  deny our kids dessert, or we don't have to cut something else because  some of that anxiety has been lifted off our shoulders because we are  getting $250 per child in the child tax credit.   It makes a huge difference in just their lives. As I said, it is  about the dignity of work. All work has dignity, whether you punch a  clock or swipe a badge, whether you work for tips, whether you are on  salary, whether you are caring for children, whether you are taking  care of a sick parent.    Raising children is work. Raising kids is a hell of a lot more work  than moving money from one overseas bank account to another, or than  checking your balance in your stock portfolio.   That didn't stop Mitch McConnell from rewarding the wealthiest CEOs  and hedge fund managers and Swiss banks account owners. We remember  what happened. We looked down the hall in Senator McConnell's office,  just 100 feet or so down there, and you see--particularly 3 or 4 years  ago, you  [[Page S7054]]  saw the lobbyists lining up there as he was dolling out to the  wealthiest CEOs and the hedge fund managers and the Swiss bank accounts  holders and the politicians, doing their bidding: pass that tax cut for  the wealthy and for corporations and outsource jobs.   Don't think a lot of those CEOs didn't take the tax cut, outsource  jobs, set up manufacturing in those countries, and sell back in the  United States. And then they took part of the tax cut and did stock  buybacks to make themselves richer.   Senator McConnell and the leaders in this body all knew that is what  that was all about. But when it comes time for a tax break for families  making $10- or $20- or $50- or $75,000 a year, they are absent.   We know that it was a partisan vote. Every Democrat voted for the  biggest tax cut in American history. Every Republican voted against the  biggest tax cut in American history. Fortunately, there were more of us  than there are of them. It was 51 to 50.   They promised their tax cuts for the rich would trickle down. We know  they never do. They keep the money for themselves. They spent that  money on stock buybacks.   Now, as I said, without a single vote from Republicans--I don't like  to be partisan around here. I represent a State that leans Republican.  A lot of Republicans vote for me because I work with them and want them  to succeed, as I want everybody to succeed. But we also know this tax  cut shows whose side you are on.   It is a pretty simple contrast--are you on the side of workers, or  are you on the side of these big corporations that outsource jobs? Do  you want tax cuts for billionaires and decamillionaires, or do you want  tax cuts for working families?   Overwhelmingly, Americans from all over the country, from all kinds  of backgrounds agree with that. Everyone is lining up behind extending  the child tax credit expansion: the faith community, the civil rights  community, the children's advocacy community, Catholic Charities, Bread  for the World, RESULTS, the Coalition on Human Needs, Leadership  Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the Children's Defense Fund.   So many others are writing us in the last week in support of keeping  these checks going, in support of extending the child tax credit 1  year, 2 years, 3 years, 5 years, 10 years, making it permanent, because  every single month we show parents and workers we are on your side.   So count on it. Starting July 15, first check; a month later, mid- August, second check; a month later, mid-September, third check; just  last week, the fourth check. Two hundred and fifty dollars if your  child is between the ages of 6 and 17; $300 per child if your child is  under 6. It has been like clockwork. It has made a difference.   We haven't quite reached everybody in my State--2.5 million children  are eligible, 2.4 million. We have reached about 2.3 million of them.  So we are still working to find those other parents who don't know  about this for their children.   But think of what that has done for 92 percent of my State's  children. Ninety-two percent of the kids in my State, their parents are  benefiting from this.   One man said to me: You know, for the first time ever, I can buy my  child--I can buy my daughter fastpitch softball equipment.   At the same meeting, a woman, a mother, told me: You know, for the  first time ever, my son can go to summer camp now, first time ever.   Other parents were talking about childcare. One family said: You  know, we can put aside $100 a month so my daughter can go to Sinclair  State Community College, or maybe the University of Dayton, or maybe  Ohio University.   Other families talk, as I said, Mr. President, about rent, the  anxiety they feel at the end of every month to come up with that rent  check so they don't get evicted.   Every single month, we are showing parents and we are showing workers  we are on your side. We will keep doing that. I hope more Republicans  join us and we can do this bipartisan, but, either way, we will not  stop fighting to make sure parents' hard work pays off for years to  come.   