 Madam President, I rise today, along with my friend and  colleague from Arkansas Senator Cotton, to honor Independence County  Deputy Sheriff Frank Ramirez, Jr.   Deputy Ramirez called Batesville, AR, home and was proud to help  protect his community. Sadly, that service was required, and this  requirement was making the ultimate sacrifice when he died in the line  of duty on Thursday, November 18, in an early morning crash that  occurred while he was responding to a call.   He leaves behind a wife and two children, among many other loving  family members, as well as his brothers and his sisters in law  enforcement who admired him deeply and felt honored to serve alongside  him.   Frank Ramirez, Jr., graduated from Batesville High School and was  formerly an officer with the Batesville Police Department before  joining the  [[Page S8813]]  Independence County Sheriff's Department as a patrol deputy.   He had a passion for serving and protecting, and he followed through  on that desire by becoming a law enforcement officer, sworn to uphold  the law and safeguard the vulnerable.   Those who knew him, both in uniform and out, consistently described  him as a good man. Even for someone so young, there is no better  compliment to be paid than that. It is a testament to the way he lived  his life--doing the right thing, meeting his obligations, and showing  genuine care and compassion for others.   Although his passing did not come at the hands of a suspect, it  stings just the same. It should remind us of the harrowing, uncertain  fate that awaits every man or woman who wears a badge.   These citizen servants are not guaranteed comfort or safety or the  opportunity to see the next day when they clock in, but they choose to  shoulder the risk, put on their uniform, and step out the door,  reporting for duty to protect and serve and do good in ways that are  just as often unseen as seen.   While danger comes in different forms throughout a shift or career,  it nevertheless always lurks nearby. No assignment is ever completely  without hazards or without jeopardy. Yet our police, sheriffs, and  troopers do the job anyway because they have been called to and because  they understand the need is great, even if the odds are long or the  numbers are too few.   That is what sets Deputy Ramirez and his colleagues apart. They run  toward danger and uncertainty when the rest of us flee. We must always  remember and honor these fallen heroes and pray the character they  embody carries on to new generations.   But today, we are here to reflect on the life and sacrifice of one,  Deputy Frank Ramirez, Jr., a noble, brave, public servant, a devoted  husband and father, a protector of this community, and as so many have  already remembered, a good man.   On behalf of all Arkansans, we are grateful for his dedication and  his sacrifice. Our prayers are with his loved ones and the brothers and  sisters in blue left to go on without him after his End of Watch.   The thin blue line is without one more courageous officer today, but  Deputy Ramirez's legacy will help instill even greater pride and  passion among its ranks because of the life he lived and gave for the  benefit of so many others.   May he rest in peace, and may God comfort all who mourn him.   I yield the floor.   