 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 567, I call up  [[Page H4152]]  the bill (H.R. 4346) making appropriations for Legislative Branch for  the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, and for other purposes, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Legislative Branch  Appropriations Act.   While this subcommittee may be small, it has a very important role. I  very much appreciate the hard work and collegial attitude of all the  members of this subcommittee, particularly the contributions and  cooperation of our ranking member, Ms. Herrera Beutler.   This is a good bill. I am proud of this bill and I am proud that it  makes a substantial investment to expand recruitment and retention of  staff, prioritizes funding to expand diversity and inclusion campus- wide, and funds needed investments to support the day-to-day operations  of the House so that we can support our constituents.   Included within this bill is a 21 percent increase for the Members'  Representational Allowance, which covers staff, district office space,  and day-to-day operations for lawmakers to best serve our constituents.  This has been a priority for me as I recognize the important role of  expanding pay and benefits for our staff as we strive to recruit a more  diverse workforce in our offices, and then to retain these staff,  instead of losing them to the private sector.   Additionally, this year's bill makes important steps in exploring  other areas where we can expand benefits for staff to compete with the  private sector. And so, this year's report directs the Chief  Administrative Officer to conduct a benefit and retention study to look  at possibilities such as tuition credits, the creation of 529 accounts,  a House-wide leave policy, and childcare subsidies so that we can  continue to meet the needs of existing and future staff.   It is vital that we prioritize initiatives to expand a diverse and  talented workforce here on Capitol Hill. The report provides an  additional $350,000 to establish a task force within CAO to include the  Office of Diversity and Inclusion, the Office of Congressional  Workplace Rights, and any other House office as may be necessary, to  develop a methodology for regularly surveying the House workforce on  pay and benefit issues, to provide guidance and support for the content  and development of a centralized human resources hub and to make policy  recommendations.   Additionally, while the bill continues the prohibition of cost-of- living adjustment increases for Members, in order to ascertain all the  facts on this issue we also require the CAO to provide a report  comparing Members' pay with executive and managers' pay in the private  sector who have similar levels of experience and responsibility.   In a year full of trauma and hurt, with the apex being the  insurrection on January 6, our human resources entities within the  Capitol complex have adapted to the evolving and increasing mental  health needs of our campus. The bill includes $2.3 million, a $635,000  increase for the Office of Employee Assistance, and a $1.7 million  allocation for the Office of Well-Being to ensure that people here on  Capitol Hill have the resources to support the needs of our community  and to fund culturally  [[Page H4159]]  sensitive mental health services so everyone feels comfortable seeking  the support they need.   We have also included $2 million for the House Modernization  Initiatives account to build off last year's efforts to make Congress  more effective, efficient, and transparent on behalf of the American  people.   Second, the bill provides $15.4 million to expand the paid internship  program. This will increase the amount to $35,000 per Member office to  pay interns. We have also extended this funding to committees, and  continue to support these funds being used for interns both in D.C. and  in district offices.   We want to make sure that any citizen in this country, any young  person in this country who wants to come to Washington, D.C., is able  to do that. We are trying to eliminate those economic barriers so that  people can come here and get the experience they need to improve their  lot in life, and to serve their country.   But we also recognize the ongoing inequities in congressional  internships, so we included language directing the Office of Diversity  and Inclusion working in conjunction with the Chief Administrative  Office to conduct a feasibility study on recreating a centralized House  internship program--similar to the old LBJ intern program from many  years ago--which could provide various support services, such as  housing, training, professional development, and focus outreach on  students attending historically Black colleges and universities, Tribal  colleges and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and other  minority-serving institutions. I believe this is a vital step for us to  create a pipeline for students from all backgrounds, all economic  areas, to come and work on Capitol Hill.   The bill also includes $3 million for the Office of Diversity and  Inclusion and directs the CAO to increase their staff cap from 7 to 10  staffers to allow them the additional workers that they need.   Additionally, once again, this year's bill includes language to  permit DACA recipients, Dreamers, to be able to work for Congress and  other legislative branch agencies.   Turning to other legislative branch agencies, the bill provides  strong support for the security and operational needs of the House and  surrounding Capitol complex.    H.R. 4346 includes $600 million for the Capitol Police, which is an  almost $90 million increase above the fiscal year 2021 bill. This  provides vital resources for training, recruitment, retention, and  readiness efforts. This funding will provide for a total of 2,112 sworn  officers.   Additionally, this continues to build off previous efforts in  ensuring a robust trauma and resiliency program for our sworn and  civilian officers. This is an extremely important investment as they  continue to heal from the events of January 6 and Good Friday. And we  saw further testimonials yesterday in the hearing as to why exactly  this investment is needed.   The bill includes an increase of $37 million from 2021 for the  Library of Congress, as it is this subcommittee's duty to protect the  valuable collections and preserve the Library's ability to chronicle  this great Nation and provide access to our history for generations to  come.   And it includes $3.8 million to continue the Library's work on the  Veterans History Project to collect and preserve the personal accounts  of American war veterans.   The bill also increases funding for the Architect of the Capitol over  2021 by $152 million to address necessary construction activities, such  as the Cannon Office Building renovation. Also included are various  other provisions to ensure the Capitol Visitor Center and Capitol  complex are accessible for individuals with disabilities and all  visitors who wish to tour the Capitol or meet with their Members of  Congress.   And, finally, the bill includes language for the removal of statues  or busts in the Capitol of those who tried to overthrow the Government  of the United States or were white supremacists.   Before I finish, I would like to recognize the staff for all their  hard work and time they have put into this bill. From the majority  committee staff, I would like to thank my clerk, Steve Marchese and  Rachel Jenkins from my personal office. From the minority committee  staff, I would like to thank Michelle Reinshuttle. And, again, to the  Chair of the full committee, Rosa DeLauro, Ranking Member Kay Granger,  and Ms. Herrera Beutler. This was a great team effort to put this thing  together, and we are proud to submit it to the body today.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), who is the chair of the full Committee on  Appropriations.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Just a quick  response, Mr. Speaker.   We have passed a bill, the rescue package, that sent billions of  dollars to the local communities to pay for police, fire, and first  responders, State support for teachers. We passed a supplemental bill  out of this Chamber that reimbursed the National Guard and made huge  investments into the Capitol Police. In both instances, we didn't get  one Republican vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Hoyer), our distinguished leader.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to  close.   This is a good bill, and we have put a lot of work into this bill.  The essence of the Legislative Branch appropriations bill is an  understanding that everybody that works on Capitol Hill is a public  servant.   The Capitol Police, those on the dais, the people who clean the  offices, the people who do all of the construction, the young staffers,  the middle-age staffers, the older staffers have spent sometimes  decades trying to make this government run and help this government  run.   This bill is an opportunity for us to continue to invest into those  people, making sure that they can stay here, they can work here, they  have competitive wages, competitive benefits compared to the executive  branch, compared to the judicial branch, compared to the private  sector; and also knowing and understanding that we have an obligation  to protect this Capitol.   That is what we have done in this bill. We have made increases to  Members' allowances so that they can maintain their staff and the  talent that they have. We are making sure that we have a paid  internship program here so that some young person from Youngstown,  Ohio, or some small town or city across the United States can actually  take advantage of the opportunity to stay for a summer or semester in  one of the most expensive housing markets in the whole United States.   I am very proud of the investments we are making in this bill. I am  proud of all of the efforts to protect this Capitol, the first branch  of our democracy, and I am very much looking forward to voting on this.  This will provide the needed funding for the day-to-day operations of  the House. I urge all Members of this body to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 567, I rise as  the designee of the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) to offer  amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 45 seconds.   The amendments en bloc include a number of proposals offered by my  Democratic colleagues. It reflects our shared values of investing in a  more diverse congressional workforce, strengthening the legislative  branch, and providing for the day-to-day operations of the House.   I urge my colleagues to support the important proposals contained in  this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), the distinguished chairman of the Veterans'  Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I am prepared to close on this bill, but since my name was invoked, I  want to make a couple of comments to what the minority leader was  saying, maybe much to the chagrin of staff who is here.   Fear, fear, fear. The Attending Physician of the United States  Capitol, the top doctor for Congress, asked us to put on masks when we  come to a Chamber with 435 people. I hate these things. It is  absolutely terrible having to put this back on. We do it because the  top doctor for all of us asked us to.   I may not be from a hotspot. The Speaker may not be from a hotspot.  Speaker Pelosi may not be from a hotspot. Somebody in this Chamber is  coming from a hotspot. Somebody represents the hotspots. They get in a  plane, and they fly here, and they interact with all of us. Then, we  leave here, and we go home to our families. Some take care of their  sick parents. Some take care of kids who may have an autoimmune  disorder.    I find it absolutely immature and appalling to somehow diminish it to  try to score cheap, political points. That is exactly what we saw a few  minutes ago. That is beneath a minority leader of one of the major  political parties in the United States of America, saying we should  take no caution that someone from a hotspot is working in this Chamber  and could potentially get someone infected that could go home to a sick  parent or an immunocompromised kid.   That is beneath us, and it is certainly beneath leadership here in  Washington, D.C.   I am sorry, I had to comment on that because it is very frustrating.  We are dealing with a complicated pandemic, a new strain, and we are  trying to figure everything out.   The Attending Physician says, since you are a group from all over the  country, be a little bit cautious. And he gets mocked. This is the  doctor we all go to. You are denigrating the Attending Physician? Has  it gotten this bad here? We will be the first ones to go down there  when we are sick, need an antibiotic, or to get a checkup.   I mean, come on. Stop. Just stop with this craziness. We are trying  to be safe. We are trying to protect our family members, our kids, our  parents, close relatives.   The minority leader mocks that and mocks the top doctor, who has a  very distinguished record and a very distinguished career and spends  his life making sure we are healthy. It is shameful.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 567, I rise as  the designee of the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) to offer  amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 45 seconds.   The amendments en bloc include a number of proposals by my  colleagues. This is a bipartisan amendment.   It includes funding to prioritize the removal of accessibility  barriers on the Capitol complex, conduct a study on security risks and  technical limitations of the Capitol switchboard system, and provides  for a collaborative drafting program to help Members' offices work  better with the House Office of Legislative Counsel.   I urge my colleagues to support the important proposals contained in  this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 567, I rise as  the designee of the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) to offer  amendments en bloc.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I have offered this en bloc for purposes of  legislative efficiency. I strongly oppose it.   This amendments en bloc makes severe and harmful changes to the bill  under consideration. This amendment would strike language that will  enable noncitizens who meet requirements under DACA to be employed by  the United States Congress and to cut funding from the Office of  Diversity and Inclusion.   Let's address the first point around DACA.   This is allowing Dreamers to work for the legislative branch. I can't  figure out for the life of me why the minority would like to refuse the  American Dream to people who came to the United States as children, for  people who are, for all intents and purposes, Americans.   I have met these recipients, these Dreamers, and they have personally  told me their stories. I encourage each of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to talk with a Dreamer, to listen to their stories. It is  absolutely heartbreaking. They have done absolutely nothing wrong.   They were brought to this country by no choice of their own. Their  parents brought them here. The United States is their home. They have  built their lives here, whether that means getting an education,  raising a family, or contributing to our economy.   We are a generous and compassionate Nation always looking to form a  more perfect Union, a country that has empathy for a struggling family  in a new country, in a country that lifts up our younger generation so  that they can have a better future.   The vast majority of Americans overwhelmingly support allowing these  young people to continue their relentless pursuit of the American Dream  because they knew in their hearts that they are American. As Americans,  there is no better place for them to continue to serve their country  than here in the United States House of Representatives, the people's  House. To deny them this opportunity is about the most un-American  thing we could do here today.   Madam Speaker, again, their parents brought them here, and they have  been here for years and years and years. They should have an  opportunity to give back to this country.   Madam Speaker, I am opposed, on the second point, to decreasing  funding for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion by $1.5 million.   The Office of Diversity and Inclusion is committed to maintaining a  diverse and inclusive workforce in the House of Representatives. Their  mission is to assist in developing practices to recruit and retain a  diverse workforce.   I am proud of this year's bill. It provides $3 million for the office  in fiscal year 2022 and increases their staff cap from 7 to 10. The  $1.5 million in additional funding for 2022 and expanding staff cap  would give them the needed funding to support ongoing operations while  providing additional flexibility to expand their work.   Additionally, this increase in funding will enable ODI to implement  various other provisions that are included in the Legislative Branch  bill, such as assisting the Chief Administrative Officer in the Office  of Congressional Workplace Rights to establish a task force about the  workforce in the House.   As I mentioned in my opening remarks, this task force will develop a  methodology for regularly serving the House workforce on pay and  benefits issues and provide guidance to us on how we could create a  centralized human resources hub to improve human resource management  practices throughout the House.   Finally, this increase in funds will allow the Office of Diversity  and Inclusion to conduct a feasibility study on re-creating a  centralized House internship program. We have citizens in this country,  young students--White, Black, Brown--who can't afford to come here to  work. They can't afford to get an internship here. They work hard, do  everything right, try to climb the ladder. We want to provide  opportunity.   This money will help reach out to those people and bring them into  the legislative branch to give them the experience they need, the  contacts they need to develop, the education that they need to move  forward.   Madam Speaker, I am proud of what we have in this bill, and I will  oppose this amendment. It is vital we prioritize initiatives to promote  diversity and the opportunity for people from all over the country to  come work in the legislative branch and intern in the legislative  branch.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this amendments en bloc, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no.''   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I encourage a ``no'' vote, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   