 Reserving the right to object, as my colleague  is aware, I have an outstanding request with the Commerce Committee,  which  [[Page S9244]]  my colleague chairs, for us to hear testimony from Commerce Secretary  Raimondo and Transportation Secretary Buttigieg or their Senate- confirmed leadership about the supply chain crisis.   I have been clear that until we hear from these Agency leaders,  either in the Commerce Committee or in an open meeting, that I would be  holding all Department of Transportation and Department of Commerce  nominees from moving forward in an expedited manner.   We have had crisis after crisis due to the failed leadership of  President Biden and his appointees. Just look at the inflation crisis  caused by the Democrats' reckless spending that is hurting families and  putting too many Americans in the position of deciding whether to fill  their gas tank, heat their house this winter, or put food on the table.   Just this week, I spoke with a veteran in Land O' Lakes, FL. He is a  small business owner, and he has seen prices on raw materials rise by  50 percent just this year. Even though he has seen greater demand, he  is not making more money because of the rising prices.   If he tries to pass those costs on to his customers, he will lose  business. On top of that, rising gas prices are making it difficult to  afford taking his kids to basketball and karate practices.   I have also talked to an operator of a food bank in Osceola, FL. She  used to see 15 families each day, and now she is seeing upward of 70  families each day.   Food prices have gone through the roof, making it more expensive for  her to get food to give to people who are hurting at the very time  demand is up. I talked to a mom in Punta Gorda, FL. Her gas costs have  more than doubled, and her monthly grocery budget doesn't go as far as  it used to.   Recently, she has started visiting her local food pantry once a month  so she has enough to feed her kids. That is something she has never had  to do before. These are real Floridians who are hurting. Thank goodness  for organizations like food pantries and everyone else who is helping  families who are struggling because the Biden administration has spent  months doing nothing to solve this crisis.   In fact, they are actively hurting them as inflation rises to record  highs and is threatening to rise even more as Biden pushes his reckless  tax-and-spend agenda.   I cannot and I will not consent to allowing these nominees to move  forward in an expedited manner. We should take a vote so every Senator  can get on the record with their support or opposition to these  nominees.   Therefore, Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I still can't understand, if the  Biden administration is doing so many things, why wouldn't they want to  come brag about it? Why wouldn't they want to tell all Americans  exactly what they are doing?   The reason they don't want to do it is it is not getting better. I am  still hearing day in and day out from people all over my State who are  hurting because the Biden administration is not doing anything to solve  the supply chain crisis.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object,  you know, my father was an over-the-road truckdriver. He drove for  Admiral Freight Line. My uncle was an over-the-road truckdriver. He  drove for a consolidated freight line.   I watched the difficulties my father and my uncle had performing  their jobs, and it was at a time when truckers weren't paid well, and,  actually, most truckers were laid off by Thanksgiving because most of  the goods were there for the Christmas season.   In my father's case, I don't remember a Christmas that my dad was  actively working. So I think it is very, very important that we do  everything we can to help truckers, and I am glad that truckers today  are paid better than they were back when my father and my uncle drove.   My uncle actually died in a trucking accident. So I think it is very  important that we do everything we can to support our truckers. And  what I still can't understand is why the Commerce Committee does not  want to hear exactly what the Secretary of Transportation or the  Secretary of Commerce is doing to help our truckers. What are they  doing to improve the supply chain?   You would think they would want to come down here to say exactly what  they have done to make the life of truckers better so that we get more  people in trucking rather than less.   So I think we should--I cannot allow these nominees to go forward in  an expedited manner. Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object,  you know, my colleagues keep talking about the infrastructure bill. The  difference between their infrastructure bill and what we did while I  was Governor of Florida is this: I actually spent our infrastructure  money on roads, bridges, airports, and seaports, and, at the same time,  we spent $85 billion in 8 years in one State doing that. We also cut  taxes and fees 100 times, and we actually reduced our debt by a third,  over $10 billion.   The infrastructure bill--the so-called infrastructure bill--had less  than 50 percent of it in infrastructure. People said it was paid for,  and it wasn't.   So I am glad people want to keep saying that it is a so-called  infrastructure bill, but let's remember: It wasn't paid for; they said  it was. And it wasn't all for roads, bridges, airports, and seaports,  which is what they said it was in the beginning.   So, therefore, I object.    Mr. President, first of all, facts are facts.  Less than 50 percent of the bill had anything to do with roads and  bridges, airports and seaports.   We were told all along it was going to be paid for; it wasn't. The  Congressional Budget Office confirmed that.   So facts are facts.   On top of that, the majority leader could have, if these were  important nominees, as my colleagues keep saying they are, they could  have filed cloture and done these nominees.   I mean, think of what we have done this last 2 weeks that we have  been up here. Very few nominees have come through.    Mr. President, so I think my colleague doesn't  understand that when you borrow money, you eventually have to pay it  back.   The government doesn't produce income. It takes money from people.  That means that when that bill--the so-called infrastructure bill--runs  deficits, somebody's taxes are going up. Whether they go up today or  tomorrow, they are going to go up.   And, by the way, it is part of why the Democrats had to raise the  debt ceiling by $2.5 trillion, and that is $2.5 trillion that Americans  families are going to have to pay for.    Mr. President, I would do what I did in  Florida. I walked into a $4 billion budget deficit. I balanced the  budget. I cuts taxes and fees 100 times. I paid off a third of the  State debt. I never increased my State debt. I actually cut it by $10.5  billion. That is exactly what we ought to be doing here. We can't keep  wasting money because somebody is going to pay for it.    Say again?    Absolutely.    Part of it. Last year, what we did was suspend  the debt ceiling.    Mr. President, my experience is totally  different than my colleague from Montana's experience.   My experience is you build your economy by growing jobs. You build  your economy by investing in education, where you get a return. So, in  my 8 years as Governor of Florida, we added 1.7 million jobs. We cut  taxes and revenues grew. It allowed us to make record investments in  education, in transportation, and in the environment. By the time I  left office in Florida, we had the second lowest tuition of higher  education in the country. According to the U.S. News & World Report, we  were No. 1 in education, but we did it by getting a return on all of  the dollars. We didn't do it by just spending money without getting a  return.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   Let's remember why I am here.   For weeks, I have been asking the chair of the Commerce Committee to  invite the Secretaries of Transportation and Commerce to come tell us  what they are doing to fix this supply chain crisis. We still have 100  cargo ships off the coast of California. Is it getting better? No, it  is not getting better. I was on a call this week, and I did not hear  one thing that has been done to solve this supply chain crisis.   When I was the Governor of Florida, we had hurricanes. We had to work  hard to make sure we didn't run out of fuel. To make that happen, what  we would do is we would put everybody together. I often went to the  ports to make sure that we got the fuel through, and we did. We got it  done.   I have not seen the Secretary of Transportation go out to the Port of  Palm Beach to solve any problems at all. I have not heard of anything  the Secretary of Commerce has done to go out to California and solve  this supply chain crisis. On these nominees, cloture could have been  filed by the majority leader. For whatever reason, the majority leader  decided not to do it.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   First, I want to thank my colleague from Washington for holding the  hearing with the airlines, and there are two things about that.   I was surprised that I didn't get a very good answer from the  airlines about, did we get a return on the--what?--$54 billion we  provided the airline industry? I was extremely disappointed that United  Airlines was cavalier with the employees in my State who were basically  let go or laid off without pay only because they decided not to get the  vaccine for religious purposes.   In coming back to this issue, I still am waiting for the Secretary of  Transportation and the Secretary of Commerce to come to a public event  so all of our constituents in my State can hear exactly what they are  doing to solve the supply chain problem. I can tell you that I was on  this phone call, and this problem is not getting better. There are  still 100 cargo ships off the coast of California. I want to hear  exactly what they are doing and so do the citizens of my State.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President reserving the right to object.   I want to be clear. I like infrastructure. I spent $85 billion on  infrastructure. With $10 billion a year, we had a dramatic increase in  infrastructure. It is part of the reason we added 1.7 million jobs. I  also did a lot of work to try to make sure we increased trade in  Florida. We have 15 seaports. I believe in all of this.   I also believe we have a supply chain crisis right now. It is not  getting better. I am shocked that my colleague does not want to ask the  Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Commerce to explain to  the American public why this is not getting better.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, the one thing  that has not been addressed is, if this were so important, why didn't  my colleagues go to the majority leader--same party--and ask him to  file cloture on these nominees?   I still also have never been told why, when I have been asking for  this for weeks, these two Secretaries won't show up and tell my  citizens why they can't solve the supply chain problem. Therefore, I  object.   