 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her great  leadership on this.   Madam Speaker, it is one thing to remember the Nation's Confederate  traitors. It is another thing to glorify them. It is time to stop  glorifying white supremacy in black robes and Confederate traitors who  defected from the Union and took up arms against the United States.   Now, I represent Frederick County, Maryland, where Justice Taney  lived. The city of Frederick, 5 years ago, took down their statue of  the man who wrote the Dred Scott opinion, which found that an African  American could never be a citizen within the meaning of Article III of  the Constitution, and in which he wrote: ``Blacks have no rights which  the White man is bound to respect.''   In the name of original intent, Justice Taney transformed our  Constitution into a White man's compact. He disgraced the Supreme  Court. It would take the Civil War, the Reconstruction amendments, and  the civil rights movement to dismantle the white supremacist  constitution.   Now we are going to replace him with a great Marylander, who has  stood the test of time, Justice Thurgood Marshall, who was one of the  architects of the legal strategy to dismantle Jim Crow and to replace  Plessy v. Ferguson.    Madam Speaker, Justice Marshall argued the White primary  line of cases: Smith v. Allwright and Terry v. Adams. He argued Brown  v. Board of Education. He became the first African-American Supreme  Court Justice.   As for all the other Federal officeholders who took an oath to  support our Constitution but then defected to the Confederacy and waged  insurrection and rebellion against the United States, they were banned  by Section 3 of the 14th Amendment from ever serving in public office  again, at the Federal level, at the State level, or at the local level.   Why should they occupy a position of honor and reverence in this  building?    Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Maloney for her wonderful  leadership of the Oversight Committee.   I rise in support of H.R. 2662, the Inspector General Independence  and Empowerment Act.   The inspectors general are a remarkable innovation in American  Government that have saved us untold billions of dollars and checked  the corrupt abuse of power by people controlling Federal departments.  They are essential to our ability to legislate as the Article I branch  and to do meaningful oversight over the executive branch of government.   That is true in general, but it is especially true when we have a  President like Donald Trump who categorically refused to recognize  congressional subpoenas, blocked members of his administration from  coming to testify before Congress in an unprecedented way, and  generally refused to cooperate with congressional factfinding at all.   When a President refuses to cooperate with the legislative branch,  when he obstructs Congress at every turn, the IGs are our only source  of information. It is imperative that we protect our inspectors  general's independence and their impartiality so they will not be  reduced to the level of being Presidential sycophants who are party  loyalists.   The Supreme Court has recognized the importance of IG independence,  noting that it is ``vital to effectuating Congress' intent and  maintaining an opportunity for objective inquiries into bureaucratic  waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement.''   This bill will ensure that the IGs have the tools that they need to  conduct thorough investigations on behalf of the American people, and  it will protect them from unjust political retaliation.   