 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I and then,  after me, Senators Leahy and Peters be allowed to complete our remarks  in their entirety before the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, the debate about the legislative filibuster  is not a debate about S. 1 or S. 101 or S. 901. No, this is a debate  about nothing less than the nature and durability of American self- government. Quite apart from the wrestling over which particular bill  was filibustered 8 years ago or 4 years ago or 2 years ago or tomorrow,  the decision about whether or not to eliminate the filibuster is the  Senate's most important policy debate in decades.   Eliminating the filibuster would obviously have all kinds of policy  consequences, from tax rates and labor law to energy and  infrastructure. But that is not why the debate is so important. This  isn't fundamentally a debate about this or that policy.   The debate about the filibuster is deeper than that because it is a  debate about how and whether we debate at all. This matters a whole lot  in a country this big, in a continental nation, because it is right at  the heart of how peaceable self-government works at all. If we just  blow that up, if we act as if it is just a matter of time before the  filibuster goes away and all we really have is red-versus-blue jerseys  anyway, if we just end the Senate's rules as they have existed for 240  years, we will dramatically alter not just this institution but our  entire form of self-government, and in the process we will dramatically  escalate the fevered pitch of America's recent arguing.   We shouldn't ignore the deep and long-term significance of what  setting the Senate's rules on fire would mean simply because terms like  ``supermajority requirement'' don't fit really neatly into our modern,  made-for-cable-TV, soap-opera variety of politics as entertainment,  politics as sport, even politics as religion. ``Supermajority  requirements'' are a whole bunch of syllables, and it just doesn't make  for great sound bites.   But make no mistake. If we set the Senate's rules on fire, we are  going to cause dramatic, horrible consequences in American civic life.   Almost every single Member of the newly minted Democratic majority in  the Senate has resolved in recent weeks that the legislative filibuster  needs to be abolished, or, in their most recent focus group term, to be  ``reformed'' out of existence.   This move would be directly contrary to over two centuries of  tradition in this country and in this body. It would be directly  contrary to the Founders' explicit purposes for why this institution  was created at all, and it would be directly contrary to the words of  dozens and dozens of the majority Senators--their words just in the  last 48 months.   This is no mere procedural change. If they go through with this, an  already sick Senate would be committing institutional suicide. There  really is no reason to be a U.S. Senator if the Senate doesn't exist to  foster real debate that is bigger than simple majority power.   This nuclear trigger would all but destroy the principle of  consensus-building that the Senate demands and, thereby, all but ensure  that minority rights in this country would become subject to more and  more fickle, more and more power hungry, and, inevitably, more and more  abusive simple majorities.   America is built on a number of seemingly small, but actually quite  grand, ideas. One of the very best of those ideas, one that is just  elegantly simple--so simple that we regularly don't pause to reflect on  it together and to teach it to our kids--is the simple idea that  whenever possible, groups of different people should be allowed to make  different rules for themselves. This is what our system of federalism  is about. This is why we divide power both vertically and horizontally  between legislative, executive, and judicial branches, and then also  across the 50 States and versus the Federal Government.   It is not actually an extravagant thought. Children on a playground  kind of instinctively understand that if you can't get one giant game  of kickball together, it is OK to let the playground divide up into a  few different games of kickball and dodgeball. It is a grand American  tradition that when we don't have to agree, we don't have to agree  about everything. It is OK to allow some diversity. It is OK for not  all workplace regulations to be exactly the same everywhere in the  country.   As it happens, America is a really big country, a continental nation,  and we regularly don't agree. Californians don't always agree with  Nebraskans. Virginians don't always agree with New Yorkers. People in  regularly sunny Miami don't always see the world exactly the same as  folks in regularly wintry Boston do. Ohio State fans don't have to wear  the blue and gold of Michigan.   It is a big country full of disagreements, and so our principle is,  regularly, that wherever we can protect and respect differences, we  should. We don't force folks to wear the jerseys of the teams they  don't support. There is no reason to.   I feel like there is some joke I should make about Oral Roberts  versus Harbaugh--I know relative competitions against Ohio State--but  prudence recommends skipping that.   There are also circumstances, obviously, where we need to make big  wide-ranging monopolistic government decisions. There are times when we  have to have one-size-fits-all rules, but those one-size-fits-all  obligations are not for everything. Even in those moments when they are  required, we still want to work hard to protect the rights of  minorities and dissenters.    So how do we respect their rights and abilities to make rules for  varying communities across a nation of 330 million people from shore to  shore? How do we allow as many people as possible to make divergent  rules as they see fit? One of the ways we have done that traditionally  in the Senate is we have always made sure, here, where we come from all  across the country--east to west, north to south--that we would be  required to pass legislation not by 50 plus 1 but by 50 plus 10.   What that means is that, most all of the time, even if you are in the  majority, you can't just do everything you want. You can't just pass  one, big, compulsory law immediately without lots of debate, because  you rarely have 50 plus 10. You have to bring some people from across  the aisle over to your side. If you are in the majority, it means that  you have to learn the habit of sitting down with Members of the  minority. You have to talk to them. As importantly, you have to listen  to them.   When this process of compromise works and a bill is passed, you are  then guaranteed that the new law has the stamp of approval of at least  some representatives of the minority on that issue, and it means that  they will become your allies against quickly undoing that law next  year. They will become your allies because the process of compromise  has led you to listen to each other and say: Instead of doing the 51- percent thing, what harder work might be required to get to the 60- percent thing?   If the process of compromise breaks down, that is a pretty important  signal as well. When you are forced to make rules that are binding on  diverse groups of people, it is in everyone's interest that you get as  much buy-in as possible. That makes it more likely that the new rule  will be respected and followed beyond just this 2-year Congress. Yet,  if you shove a rule change  [[Page S1688]]  through with a bare-knuckle majority, you ensure that 49 percent of the  country is going to resent not just the rule but you. Pass laws today  with a 50-plus-1 majority, and watch them be repealed tomorrow with a  50-plus-1 majority. Our Nation would just pinball from one policy  agenda to another. It makes politics too central in the lives of the  American people to allow a fickle 51-and-49-percent majority to change  the whole direction of the Nation. Each election would become more do  or die, more Flight 93ish than the last one. Each campaign would  descend further and further into tribal ugliness.   In a big and diverse country, the Senate exists to force lawmakers to  build a healthy consensus before we try to make sweeping national,  legal changes. The Senate exists precisely to force this kind of  consensus-building. That is really why this institution exists. It is  how we guarantee that we do not have laws on the books that are  respected by half of the country and resented and hated or ignored by  the other half of the country. The Senate's supermajority requirement  has helped to ensure that big changes are not impulsive and narrow and  instant but, rather, deliberate and broadly accepted.   But there is an alarming trend in our time. Let's be clear: It is in  both parties. It is not just the Democrats, who are now in the  majority, who are interested in this kind of new, more instant, more  urgent, more winner-take-all kind of politics. There is a new trend  toward a bare-knuckles belief that this is the only kind of politics  that works, that it is the only kind of way you can go forward.   So my colleagues--again, in both parties--have decided that if you  have the power, you should wield it, and you should wield all of it  with no constraint. They might use this or that particular bill as a  stalking horse for the attempted power grab, but let's be clear: Any  particular bill is beside the point; it is about the new ``ends justify  the means'' principle, which is the principle that there are no  principles except that of flexing your power as vigorously and as  brutally and as instantly as you can for as long as you can cling to  power.   Some of the Republicans who have already spoken on the floor this  last week have warned the Democrats that they might very soon rue the  day they made this decision. There is an age-old self-delusion in power  that says: If you are in the majority, you will never have to be in the  minority again, so why would you want to respect any rules that have  traditionally protected minorities? You will always be driving the  bulldozer and never be in its path.   This debate isn't about policy. It isn't about any specific bill. You  can listen to the activists on the outside who are advocating for it.  They have been transparent about their purposes for the better part of  a year that they would use whatever bill they think most  politicall opportune at the moment to try to end the filibuster. Books  published on this topic in the last 60 days haven't come about in the  last 60 days.    We should remember that if this happens, if a simple  majoritarianism--a mere raw exercise of power--becomes what this body  is about, we will have taken a step down a path toward the exercise of  naked power that will be absolutely permanent. It cannot and will not  ever be undone. Once the supermajority rules, once the filibuster is  gone, it will be gone forever because no one--it is self-evident to  make this argument--is ever going to voluntarily surrender power when  the other party has just used a simple-majority power against them. No  one will ever restore supermajority requirements when they have a  simple majority and a simple majority has just become the rule against  them.   If you want to see American politics become more brutal, if you want  to see American politics become more crude, if you want to see American  politics become more demagogic, then stripping away the mechanisms that  have forced us to work together would be the perfect recipe for  bringing about this dystopian reality. If you want to see a politics  that favors more candidates running for office with claims that they  will be strongmen and tyrants, then make politics nothing more than a  contest of wills between people who spend their campaigns promising to  spend the next 2 or 4 years simply making the other side pay. If you  want to see the rights and interests of minority groups scorned,  dismissed, and trampled, then establish a legislative process where  minority voices don't need to be heard at all. That is what would  happen if we end the supermajority requirements that have always  dominated the Senate from its first day. If you want lame, meme  politics that aims only to ``own the libs'' or ``drink conservative  tears,'' this is how you bring that crap show about. You would set the  Senate on fire.   All of you know this, though. Many of you have spoken in private  about this being a rash move. Many of you have spoken in public about  having been opposed to this before.   I think of my friend Brian Schatz--and I am going to name him  precisely because he is a real friend, not a Washington friend, where  you claim someone is your friend right before you try to rip his face  off. I actually like the guy a lot. I like working with the guy, and I  would like to keep working with the guy. But it turns out, if you make  the Senate into the House of Representatives, there is going to be  almost no working together across the aisle because there will no  longer be any incentive for it. All the politics that matter will  happen during the private caucus lunches where 51 percent will try to  keep their 51 percent to do whatever they want.   The Senate is, obviously, not the greatest deliberative body in the  world, but it still has a chance to recover. Set it on fire by ending  supermajority requirements, and no one should ever utter the phrase  ``great deliberative body'' again because there will be no more  deliberation in this body again.   Brian recently said that the filibuster is ``stupid and paralyzing.''  He also said: ``It is time to trash the Jim Crow filibuster.'' Yet,  just 4 years ago, when Donald Trump was elected and the House  Republicans were itching to have the Senate eliminate the filibuster  because the Republicans controlled the House, the Senate, and the White  House, Senator Schatz and a bunch of his colleagues actually penned a  public letter that defended the filibuster and all of its ``existing  rules, practices, and traditions'' precisely because it advanced the  deliberative purposes of the Senate. I don't remember Senator Schatz  then calling it the ``Jim Crow filibuster'' when he wrote that letter  or when he was blocking Tim Scott's police reform legislation last year  by pointing to the Senate's supermajority requirement rules. I don't  remember Senator Schatz calling it ``stupid'' when he filibustered  COVID relief in September and again in October under the Senate's  current rules.   Look, I want to be clear. I am not picking on Brian; I am naming him  precisely because I like him, and afterward, we can argue about this.  With other people I have maybe less of a relationship with, it would be  less useful to cite them than the people with whom I actually have a  lot of comity and good will. I do want to keep working with Brian, but  in a simple majoritarian body, there won't be bipartisan cooperation  anymore. There isn't much right now, but there is still a chance for  the reform of this institution. Ending the filibuster is to end this  institution.   To be clear, this isn't about Senator Schatz. I could give an hours'- and-hours'-long speech and go through all the flip-floppers in this  Chamber who had one position 48 months ago and now have a completely  different position. I don't need to name all of them. We should just  ask, what changed? We know what changed. The only thing that has  changed in the last 2 years is who is i power.    When the Democrats were in the minority, you were fierce defenders of  this indispensable Senate prerogative. That was the language that was  used. The filibuster was standing between America and fascism, we  heard. But now, when you have the slimmest majority--actually, it is  just 50-50, and you need the VP's motorcade to break a tie--the  filibuster is standing between you and some of your legislative goals;  therefore, it needs to be tossed out. When you were using the  filibuster to halt Senator Scott's police reform bill, the filibuster  was an essential American institution that forced compromise. Now that  it can be occasionally used to resist a 51-50 straight  [[Page S1689]]  majoritarian exercise of power, it is supposedly exclusively a relic of  slavery and a tool of Jim Crow. It is nonsense, and the people saying  it know that it is nonsense. You used the same rule last year, and you  were not racist when you used it last year.   This is B.S. that has been focus-grouped, and particular bills are  being used as the excuses to grab power that won't just be for this  bill; it will be forever. It will be the end of the Senate.   Was the filibuster really a tool of Jim Crow when it was used against  Tim Scott last year? I don't think so, and I don't think any of you  think so. If somebody wants to come to the floor and repent of their  racism for having used the filibuster last year, please do, but that  isn't what was happening, so stop with the nonsense rhetoric that is  just for an MSNBC sound bite tonight.   It is sad to watch so many of my colleagues who know better be  bullied into this position of shortsightedness, and they do know  better, because many of you say it in private, and you are being  bullied by the fringes of your party. But part of the responsibility of  being a U.S. Senator is standing up to the extreme fringes of your  party. Part of the responsibility of being a U.S. Senator is to say: I  know that people are angry. I know that people are yelling. I know that  there are hotheads. But one of the jobs of a Senator and surely the job  of this body is to try to find a way to allow cooler heads to prevail.   We already have an institution that is instantly responsive to  majorities--you only have to walk 200 yards to see it--and there is  nobody who serves in this body who wishes they served in that body. We  know what it looks like to have a simple majoritarian body, and the  House was designed to do that. It is a good thing. The House was  designed to reflect the energy of the people. When the people are  hotheaded and they want something done fast and they want their  majority to act, they call on the House and get a hearing, but the  Senate's job, the Senate's purpose, is different.   The House is actually allowed to act with a hothead precisely because  the Senate exists to cool those passions. The Senate exists to act with  a cool head. Our job is not to cater to sudden and instant majorities  and to changes in the wind; the Senate's job is to enlarge and refine  the House's judgments and to try to build a consensus that can last so  that the majority's will can be advanced while the minority's rights  are also protected.   The bullies who want to permanently upend the way our legislature  works don't understand that their short-term gain of this or that bill  will come at a long-term cost of the entire structure of the rights and  interests of our constitutional balance.   It doesn't take a lot of courage to go with the current of a mob, but  a lot of Senators who quietly want to resist this change--and there are  many on that side of the aisle who want to resist this change--are  worried that going against the tide means watching dollars and votes  flow away. It means getting screamed at in restaurants. It means that  your self-interest is to avoid the short-term pain and ride the short- term wave.   Let me tell you, this feels pretty familiar. When I ran for this seat  in 2014--it was the first time I had ever run for anything in my life-- one of the fundamental reasons I ran, in my having never sought any  office of any kind, was that I thought the Senate had a chance to still  be restored to its deliberative place in American life.   We are living through a digital revolution that is disrupting the  future of work, the future of war, the nature of local community, the  neuron, synapse, and frontal lobe formations of our teens. The digital  revolution is transforming American life everywhere, and this  institution has a chance to help shape some of that for good instead of  to just allow the tide to flow at full speed and consume this  institution as well.   So I said, I pledged--and when I said it to a largely red State in  2014, most people apparently didn't think I meant it--that I wasn't  running just because I disagreed with a lot of President Obama's  policies but because I would defend the constitutional system of  limited government and a Senate that exists for a deliberative process  even if someone in my own party came to power and urged instant,  radical changes that disrespected large portions of America.   I literally made the centerpiece of why I was running that I would  resist someone in my own party who tried to do majoritarian, instant  stuff. And I can tell you, I can introduce you to a whole bunch of  Republicans on the ground in Nebraska who are really mad that, when I  said that, I didn't precisely say it 17 different ways, where I named  every person that they might later want to have all of that instant  power.   After the 2016 election, people started looking back at what I said  the whole 2014 campaign and got more uncomfortable with what they voted  for. So nobody has to tell me how unpleasant it is to stand up and say  things that are unpopular in your own party.   Over the course of the last 5 years, I have been smeared and censured  many times. I have been cussed out by lots of people who once supported  me and called me a friend. None of that was particularly fun, but so  what?   The oath I took and the duty I swore was related to the point of  being a U.S. Senator, which is that if you are not willing to stand up  to your own side every now and again, there is really no point in  having this job. And the thing is, a lot of you know that.   I am not going to say it is the consensus position on your side of  the aisle, but there are a whole bunch of people going along publicly  with the rhetoric of ending the filibuster and ending supermajority  requirements, even as, at the exact same time, you tell me how much you  regret the summer of 2013 decision to allow Harry Reid to end a much  smaller Senate tradition about supermajority confirmations.   Supermajoritarian confirmations are a small item compared to the  change that is being considered here. Harry Reid's take-no-prisoners  strategy of 2013 was something that was moved unanimously by the then- majority party, and many, many, many of you have talked to me in  private about how much you regret it. Please consider the costs because  this would be a much larger change.   Whenever anyone, Republican or Democrat, has threatened to blow up  the Senate supermajority requirements, they always have to tell  themselves three lies. The first lie is that might makes right. The  second lie is that the other side politically is your enemy, and they  must simply be beaten down; they can never possibly be persuaded. And  the third lie is that the Federal Government is the only government we  have. None of these things is true.   I resisted a President, nominally of my own party, when he beat me  up, both in private and in public, for defending the filibuster when my  party was in the majority.   Republican Senate leaders stood up to him as well, despite lots of  ridicule from House Republicans. A lot of people in the House  Republican caucus wanted much faster politics, but their passions were  a poor guide to long-term wisdom for a nation this big and diverse. It  is better for America's hardest debates to be decided in a deliberative  Senate rather than in the thunderdome.   Republicans in the majority held firm against blowing up this central  structural pillar of this institution, even when it would have  benefited us politically. In other words, we faced the same choice then  that you face now, and we decided that it was better to choose long- term stability over short-term legislative victories. It was the right  choice for a nation this big and this diverse.   A lot of Republicans think that decision was naive. Their argument  was the other side hates us. They will definitely use all power against  us whenever they can. And I know that many Democratic strategists on  the outside, many people raising money, small-dollar fundraising  online, they are making the exact same argument, but this isn't war,  and we are not supposed to be permanent enemies.   We want a politics of debate and of verbal jousting rather than of  physical violence. And one of the most urgent political tasks we face  today is to demonstrate that it is possible for people who deeply  disagree and who are polarized in our division--we can still work  together for the common good.  [[Page S1690]]    We urgently need to protect and strengthen, not weaken and destroy,  the norms that force us to come together and cooperate.   But we don't need to be naive. We don't need to believe that that  means we would always sing ``Kumbaya.'' We obviously don't in this  body, but that doesn't mean we are free to be naive in the other  direction as well.   For every step we take that further divides, further infuriates, and  further inflames half the country, it makes it far likelier that we  will set a fire that we cannot put out.   The American Founders understood the problem that we are facing. They  were not naive about how politics worked and what it took, what kind of  labor and sweat and relational hand-wringing and bread-breaking it  takes to be able to work together amicably. They were working from a  personal experience of repression, tyranny, and violence. And so they  set out some basic principles of federalism, localism, and consensus  building, of supporting majorities but without sacrificing minorities.  And so they established a framework in which these principles could be  balanced in a way that is responsive to changing conditions and needs.   The Founders' concerns are still our concerns, but guess what. They  built the Senate for this exact moment. We are constantly tussling over  how to make sure that every voice is heard and every person has a  place. We live in a divided time. We live in a divided nation. But they  lived in a divided time and in a divided nation, and so they created  the Senate to be a place that could deescalate red-hot anger, to take a  deep breath rather than just assuming that a runaway majority of 50  percent plus 1 should advance whatever it wanted.   Friends, colleagues, you know after the summer of 2013, the dominoes  were worse than you had expected, and many of you--I don't know if it  is most, but many of you hav talked about how much you regret the  summer of 2013 decision. This decision is 100 times larger.    Friends, please consider whether or not it is prudent to set the  Senate on fire. It is the only deliberative structure we have in our  government, and at a time when institutions are being consumed, let us  not consume another.   