 Mr. President, I rise today in support of two critical  nominations: Jen Easterly's nomination to be the Director of the  Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency--commonly referred to  as CISA--within the Department of Homeland Security, as well as Robin  Carnahan to be the Administrator of the General Services  Administration, or GSA.   Our country is under attack. Nation-state actors and criminal  organizations are relentlessly targeting our government, critical  infrastructure, and key industries to infiltrate networks, steal  information, conduct espionage, and demand ransom payments.   These cyber attacks pose a serious threat to our national security.  As we saw from the SolarWinds hack, as well as the Colonial Pipeline  and JBS ransomware attacks, cyber criminals are constantly looking to  exploit cyber security vulnerabilities and find the weakest link. We  must be vigilant about preventing these attacks, and we need a strong,  coordinated approach from across the Federal Government to better  secure America's networks. That means the Senate needs to confirm  qualified cyber security nominees so that they can get to work  immediately.   CISA is the lead domestic Agency for cyber security in the Federal  Government. It is responsible for ensuring that Federal Departments and  Agencies--our private sector critical infrastructure partners--and the  American people have the resources to detect, to withstand, and to  respond to cyber attacks. GSA provides a wide range of support to  Agencies across the government. One of GSA's key functions is to  provide funding and expertise to help Agencies both modernize and  secure their IT systems and their networks. We need Senate-confirmed  leadership at the top of these critical Agencies, and we need it today.   Ms. Easterly has served for over three decades in the Federal  Government and the private sector.   Since 2017, Ms. Easterly has led the operations center for Morgan  Stanley's cyber defense strategy. She was also a critical member of the  Cyber Solarium Commission, which has made 80 recommendations for cyber  deterrence, 25 of which have already become law.  [[Page S4717]]    Prior to joining the private sector, Ms. Easterly served as the  Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for  Counterterrorism, the Deputy for Counterterrorism at the National  Security Agency, and was instrumental in the design and creation of the  U.S. Cyber Command.   On top of all of these incredible accomplishments, Ms. Easterly is a  two-time recipient of the Bronze Star and retired from the U.S. Army  after more than 20 years of service in intelligence in cyber  operations.   Ms. Easterly is more than qualified for this position, and this body  needs to confirm her nomination today to lead CISA.   Every day that this body delays confirming critical leaders like Ms.  Easterly and Ms. Carnahan leaves our Federal system and our Nation  vulnerable to cyber attacks. We have already seen the damage and the  chaos from these attacks. The Colonial Pipeline attack disrupted the  lives of millions of Americans, created fuel shortages, and saddled  customers with high gas prices for weeks. The next major breach could  be even worse.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting Ms. Easterly's  nomination to lead CISA and to take on the vital mission of  strengthening our defenses and fighting back against the persistent  cyber attacks that threaten our Nation each and every day. Cyber  security and strengthening our Federal networks are not partisan  issues. Cyber attacks put each and every one of us at risk.   I would hope my colleagues will allow these nominees to be confirmed  today so they can keep us safe.   With that, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 176, Jen Easterly, of New York, to be  Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency,  Department of Homeland Security, and the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I would like to discuss Ms. Carnahan's  qualifications further before asking for consent on her confirmation.   Ms. Carnahan has an extensive career spanning Federal and State  government, as well as the private sector. During the Obama  administration, she founded and led the State and Local Practice at  18F, a technology consultancy within GSA. In this role, Ms. Carnahan  worked with State and local government agencies to improve and  modernize their digital services. Prior to her tenure at 18F, Miss  Carnahan served as Missouri's secretary of state, where she focused on  modernizing IT infrastructure to improve service for hundreds of  thousands of customers.   Ms. Carnahan is a nationally recognized government technology leader  and in 2017 was named one of the Federal Government's Top Women in  Tech.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting Ms. Carnahan's  nomination to lead GSA.   From modernizing and securing Federal networks to strengthening  supply chain security, GSA plays a critical role in bolstering our  national security.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII,  the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the following  nomination: Calendar 175.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate and, if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table, all without intervening action or debate; that no further  motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to  the nomination be printed in the Record; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   