 Madam President, let me, first of all, say that I would  have a hard time finding a better friend than the Member who just  spoke. We have been good friends for a long period of time, and we have  not been apart on very many votes; yet we are not of the same party.  Nonetheless, we are going to have to do something that is the same  thing we had to do 5 years ago, and really for kind of the same reason.   Every year, when the Senate turns to the NDAA, we call it our must- pass bill. It is a must-pass bill, and it is a bill that will pass. It  is a must-pass because it gives our troops the pay that they have  earned and the tools and the training that they need to fight and to  win against our enemies.   That is why we have passed the NDAA every year for 60 straight years.  This year will be 61. This is pretty much the only authorization bill  that gets done the way it should year after year. In fact, it is pretty  much the only bill--period--that Congress does every single year  without fail.   However, no matter how important it is, that doesn't mean that we  will accept the fact that Senator Schumer wants to jam it through the  Senate without adequate consideration.   Let me be clear. Senator Schumer has put us in this position today.  He waited more than 2 months after we filed the NDAA to bring it to the  floor. For 2 months, we could have been discussing this and having it  and treating it like we should.   He tried to tack it onto his unrelated legislation just as many of  us, including my Democrat colleague in the House, Adam Smith, guessed  that he would, and now he wants a floor vote on this bill--the most  important bill that we do all year--to be enough, despite the fact that  he isn't giving us ample time to debate the bill, and he certainly  hasn't been willing to entertain an open amendment process.   We have been trying to get this for a long period of time, and we  haven't gotten it--the most important bill of the year.   I think Americans back home are smart enough to understand that our  servicemembers deserve more. They deserve to be our priority in the  Senate, and we need to show them, by providing a robust and open debate  on the annual Defense bill, that that is how we will do it.   We are in this place right now because Senator Schumer won't  prioritize national defense and fund our troops because the majority  leader mismanaged the Senate's schedule. He won't allow votes on  bipartisan amendments that make our country more secure. We heard that  argument the last time we were in session.   These include an amendment that would inflict sanctions against  Russia to stop its power grab over European energy supplies, which  simply builds on our previous bipartisan NDAAs and aligns with the  House's version of the NDAA.   Another amendment on which Senator Schumer would not give a vote  would tighten import restrictions on China to ensure goods sold in the  United States aren't made by Uighur forced labor. This already passed  the Senate by voice vote.   Good amendments like these shouldn't fall victim to the majority  leader's failed leadership.   We all understand how important this bill is. It shouldn't be a  partisan thing. This is the most important bill we do every year. In  fact, we have said this every year. In fact, I have said this more  times than any other Member has stated it. It is even more important  now because we are in the most threatened position of our lifetimes. I  can't tell you how many times I have demonstrated that fact on the  floor of the Senate.   I echo the minority leader's frustration. I understand the  frustration from my colleagues who wanted, in realtime, to debate this  bill. I think they pled their case very effectively. We wouldn't be in  this position if the majority leader had brought this bill up earlier,  which we kept insisting that he do, over and over again, on a  bipartisan plea.   While I want to be clear that we are in this position because Senator  Schumer is forcing this unfortunate action, I also want to be equally  clear that I am still very supportive of this bill, and I hope we will  pass it soon, but I stand with my colleagues who are voting against the  majority leader's irresponsible management of the bills. We have got to  get it done, but we can't rush it, and that is why I will be voting no  on cloture. That is not an easy thing for me to do, but I believe we  can get this bill in better shape. My vote against the process is not  against the bill; it is against the process.   We are not delaying national security, no. This is just the opposite.  We are demanding that we show, through open and robust debate, that our  men and women in uniform are our priority.   I have heard this from many of our people that I have talked to over  the weekend and over this past week who are really wondering why we  didn't have this on the table earlier so we could get the debate. I  hope that a lot of the American people heard the six different  Republicans who were demanding to have their votes and amendment  process. This is the first time, in my memory, that we have not had  this kind of a process take place, and for that reason I will be voting  no.   I do want to hear, of course--and let me say something because this  might be an area of disagreement between my partner and myself.   Senator Reed, we have worked on these bills together for a long  period of time. We have been successful, and we are going to be  successful this time.   I yield the floor.   