 Mr. President, this afternoon, I want to discuss my grave  concerns with S. 1.   Many have said that this political power grab is a solution in search  of a problem. I agree with that. This bill contains, I believe, a  number of alarming provisions that would have a devastating impact on  our Nation's electoral process. It would make our elections more  chaotic and less secure.   This legislation contains more than 800 pages of bad policies that I  believe America does not need and does not want. I believe that the  strength of our election system is in its diversity, allowing each  State to determine what is best for them. S. 1 would force a single,  partisan view of elections on more than 10,000 jurisdictions across the  country.   For example, State and local election administrators would be forced  to change, one, how they register voters and which voting systems they  use; how they handle early voting and absentee ballots; and how they  maintain voter lists.   It makes election fraud easier to commit and harder to detect by  allowing unlimited ballot harvesting, undermining voter ID laws, and  making it more difficult to maintain accurate voting lists. A recent  university poll found that 80 percent of Americans support requiring a  form of identification before a person can vote. Think about it--80  percent.   Remember, now, presently, Americans are required to present a photo  ID to do a number of things. We all do it every day: at the airport to  board a commercial flight; in a hospital for any outpatient or  inpatient procedure; at the pharmacy to purchase over-the-counter sinus  medication and certain prescriptions; at the bank to open a bank  account; to apply for a mortgage; to drive, buy, or rent a car; to get  married; to purchase a gun; to rent a hotel room; to donate blood; to  obtain a passport; to pick up packages at the U.S. Post Office. We all  do this every day.   This legislation would permanently tip the scales in favor of the  Democrats by politicizing the Federal Election Commission, pouring  Federal tax dollars into campaigns and chilling free speech. Do  Americans really want their taxes going toward a Federal campaign fund  that would finance the expenses of all candidates running for Congress?   S. 1 would reverse years of improvements that have been made in many  States, improvements that protect the security, integrity, and the  credibility of our elections. Each State, I believe, should be left  with the freedom and flexibility to administer its own respective  elections, without interference from the Federal Government.   S. 1 mandates ballot drop boxes, which increase the risk of fraud by  allowing people other than the voter to drop off marked ballots outside  of the view of election officials.   As I mentioned before, this bill provides government funding for  campaigns: $6 of Federal funding for every $1 from small donors. My  gosh, it would be a windfall for a lot of incumbents. This essentially  forces Americans to fund candidates they don't agree with and support  attack ads against those they do agree with.   It federalizes redistricting, putting in place one set of Federal  rules for redrawing congressional districts--something that has  traditionally been a role for each State.   Lastly, Mr. President, S. 1 requires States to give felons the right  to vote once they are out of prison.   While this is a bad bill all around, I believe these are some of the  top worst provisions and the provisions that American people oppose the  most: One, gutting State voter ID laws, again; two, spending taxpayer  dollars on political campaigns; three, allowing unlimited ballot  harvesting; and four, turning the Federal Election Commission into a  partisan operation. So just  [[Page S4678]]  to name those, among others, are reasons to vote against this bill.   I think the American people do not want this, and they do not deserve  to be the recipients of such harmful policy. I do not support this  bill, and I trust that a majority of the Senate will not vote  accordingly.   Thank you   