 Madam President, before my colleague leaves, let me just  tell him what a wonderful speech he gave. That was the kind of talk we  dreamed of back in the days when I was the director of the Oregon Gray  Panthers. What Senator King has basically laid out--much more  eloquently than I could have--is that what Senator Casey's legislation  is doing is giving older Americans the opportunity to get more of what  they want--good quality care at home at a price that doesn't begin to  approach the alternative that Senator King is talking about with  institutional care. So I want to commend him for it. It reminds me of  my Gray Panther days. It was a great speech.   To my friend Senator Casey, I have been so proud to be a part of this  effort because, as you and I have talked about, this is what we always  hoped for. This was always the long-term agenda of advocates for  seniors.   I just want to tell the Presiding Officer and colleagues who are  following this that Senator Casey has been everywhere on behalf of this  cause.   You have shown up at virtually every caucus meeting to say how  important it is. You have come to our Finance Committee to stress it to  colleagues on a bipartisan basis. We go together to rallies. You have  been, basically, everywhere on this, and that, of course, is one of the  reasons we are here on the floor--because it was your effort that did  so much to get it into our bill.   Now, I am going to turn to the legislation in just a quick moment,  but I want to respond to one question I have been asked nonstop over  the last couple of days, and that is, Why is it so important for the  U.S. Senate to pass the Build Back Better legislation before the end of  the year?   I am just going to respond with one sentence: With the Omicron COVID  variant now in our country, it is urgent business to strengthen  America's economic foundation. That is what Build Back Better is all  about. That is what Senator Casey's provisions are doing.   Now I am going to kind of turn to some of the aspects of what our  effort has been all about. Obviously, Oregonians and Americans from sea  to shining sea have their hands full these days with school, work,  family, with probably trying to get in a little Christmas shopping as  well, and it is hard to follow day-to-day policy debates on the floor  of the Senate. So I am just going to touch on some of the big picture  issues that Senate Democrats are focusing on here.  [[Page S8856]]    First, we are all about breaking down barriers to good jobs that  support American families. That is what this is about--more support for  families. That is how everybody in America gets the opportunity to get  ahead. Now, this is the second time in a decade that Democrats have had  to rebuild the economy after a Republican President has crashed it like  a kid on a joyride. This time, families and businesses are still  dealing with a pandemic. That is a lot of upheaval to deal with, and it  is why we have said breaking down the barriers to good jobs that  support American families is the one-sentence description of our  effort.   We want to create opportunity for good jobs and infrastructure; we  want to create opportunity for good jobs and clean energy; we want to  create opportunity for good jobs in manufacturing here at home; and we  want to create the conditions for small businesses and entrepreneurs to  succeed. The key to unlocking those opportunities for working people in  America is to make sure that families start in a position to succeed.   This afternoon, my colleagues were on the floor to talk about the  importance of investing in childcare and home-based care for seniors  and those with disabilities. For me, this brings to mind a  conversation, a recent one, with a neighbor of mine at home in Oregon.  She and I sat down in Portland for a socially distant chat in her  backyard. We talked about what it has been like for families like hers,  not just during the pandemic but over the last several years, as costs  for education and housing and childcare have just soared into the  stratosphere.   Megan is about as impressive as anybody I have met. She is smart; she  works hard; she has got a good job. But even people who seem to have  the world by the tail come up against real challenges.   For example, Megan told me about the decision she made when her mom  came down with a cancer diagnosis in 2015. She decided she had to set  aside her career and move home to the Midwest to help out her mom with  treatment. Caring for a loved one who is in a fight for their life is  just about the most important work you can do. But, as Megan said,  there is no paycheck--no paycheck, I would say to the Presiding  Officer--that comes with that gig, and you have still got to find a way  to pay the bills. Fortunately, Megan's mom got better. The two of them  made the decision--we happen to think it was a no-brainer--to move back  to Portland. They wanted to make sure that their family would have a  chance to get ahead.   Megan has now got two kids of her own. One of her kids is a wonderful  little guy who has got special needs. Childcare is another major  challenge. In Oregon, this is the case of so many places. It is a  struggle to find childcare at all and even harder to find childcare  that is affordable.   Megan told me about all of the people she knows--just about all of  them women who were forced to make the hard decision of leaving their  jobs in the last few years to provide daycare for their kids or to care  for an elderly parent. That has been happening all over the country  because families don't have enough support. They don't have enough  support tonight.   Now, people always talk about motivation. What is motivating people?   I will tell you, in Oregon--what I hear at home--people tell me what  they want to do is to work hard. They want to contribute. They want to  make sure that their kids are growing up happy and healthy, and they  want their elderly family members to be happy and healthy too. They  would also like to be able to look forward to a vacation once in a  while in the summer and a dignified retirement down the road. Who  doesn't want all of that?   The reality is, for so many people, the sky-high cost of raising kids  and taking care of older family members just holds them back. So that  is why Senate Democrats want to help with childcare, why we want to  invest in home-based care, why we believe in paid leave. That is what  the new child tax credit is that so many on the Senate Finance  Committee, on the Democratic side, have worked for. It is that basic  level of support that helps families get ahead.   People ought to be able to stay in their careers, if that is what  they want to do, instead of handling childcare themselves. They ought  to have the financial security at home to seek out a new job with  higher pay or better benefits. People shouldn't have to choose between  taking care of family and starting that small business--that small  business that their entrepreneurial eye always was dreaming of. These  priorities that need addressing on childcare and home-based care aren't  just morally right, but as Senator King pointed out--pointed out just  now--they are commonsense economics.   Since when, Senator King, did it become, somehow, a partisan issue to  say that you ought to work for people to get more of what they want-- good care at home at a lower price? That is, obviously, not partisan.  That is commonsense economics. It is what you laid out, and it is what  Senator Casey has been leading us on over these last few months.   It is disappointing to me that colleagues on the other side aren't  interested in working with us on these issues. By the way, it didn't  used to be that way.   I would say to my friend from Maine that Senator Olympia Snowe, when  she was on the Senate Finance Committee, always worked with us. My  staff used to joke about bipartisan bills. They were called Snowe-Wyden  or Wyden-Snowe or one or the other, but you could almost set your clock  by it. It was a constant. Unfortunately, we are missing that on this  legislation. What we are hearing from colleagues on the other side is  of tax cuts for those at the top. They don't do much for people like  me. We can do better.   There are signs that the economy is ready to take off. COVID-19  caused the biggest economic crash and jobs collapse in a century, but  the unemployment rate is now 4.6 percent. Wages are going up. The  economy added over 440,000 jobs per month over the fall.   There is no questioning the work ethic and productivity of the  American people. Our job in the Congress is to make sure they have the  support so they can seize those opportunities to get ahead. That is  what we are going to be working on in the weeks ahead. That is what  Senate Democrats are doing on the Finance Committee. That is what we  are doing in our caucus.   I just want to thank my friend and colleague Senator Casey for being  the spark of the cause here. He and his persistence are the reason we  are here and why this legislation has passed the other body.   I am telling you, I think this is a really big moment for all those  seniors and all those families who are basically saying, are we ever  going to see these kinds of opportunities for healthcare, as Senator  King talked about, better care at a price that gerontologists, for  example--you don't have to take the word of a bunch of Senators; people  in the field--I taught gerontology. When I saw those experts you lined  up, I said: Senator Casey is really getting it right. So I just want to  thank him.   With that, I yield the floor.   