 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Ohio,  Senator Brown, for his remarkable leadership in getting us to this  point with the child tax credit and with the earned income tax credit  for childless families which, thanks to his leadership, we have been  able to triple.  [[Page S6611]]    But I think we are here today on a really, really momentous matter.  When I think back to the days when I was the superintendent of schools  in Denver, most of the kids in my city were kids of color and most were  living in poverty, and many of their families were working two or three  jobs. And no matter what they did, they couldn't get their kids out of  poverty.   Today, now, I travel the State of Colorado, a State that has got very  rural areas and very urban areas. If I had to summarize the last 10  years of my townhalls--10 or 11 years--it is very easy to do it. No  matter what county I am in, people say: We are killing ourselves, and  no matter what we do, we can't afford some combination of housing,  healthcare, higher education, early childhood education--if there is  any childhood education. We can't save. We feel like our kids are going  to live a more diminished life than the life we lived.   That is the anecdotal reflection of an economy that, for 50 years in  this country, has worked really well for the top 10 percent of  Americans and not for anybody else. The result of that is, today, the  United States is 38th out of 41 industrialized countries, in terms of  childhood poverty.   The poorest people in our society are our children. The poorest  generation in the United States of America are our children, which is  scandalous.   Senators Brown, Booker, Warnock, and then-Senator Harris, before  that, and I came together to try to address it and to say that we don't  have to accept this much childhood poverty as a permanent feature of  our economy or a permanent feature of our society. We can actually fix  this by making three changes to the child tax credit: to increase the  amount and make it fully refundable, so that for the first time in our  country's history the poorest kids have the benefit of it; and to have  it paid out on a monthly basis, so that when parents and grandparents  are at the end of the month trying to make the rent or buy a few more  groceries or pay for a little bit more childcare, they are able to do  it in real time.    I am sure my colleagues on the floor today spent time meeting with  people in their States over the recess. I did. I met mostly moms, but  parent after parent after parent, who said to me: For the first time in  my life, I was able to buy back-to-school clothes, and I didn't  bankrupt my family. Buying back-to-school clothes was not a catastrophe  for my family. My kid was able to go to school in a new shirt.   One mom in Colorado Springs said to me that she bought a bicycle for  her son so he could take himself to school and participate in  afterschool programs that he wouldn't have otherwise been able to  participate in, because he could take himself there and bring himself  back.   She said that he had burst a tire in this new bicycle and that she  was able, because of the child tax credit, not to buy the cheap tire  that she would ordinarily buy that would break next week--as she said-- but to buy a tire that the kid could rely on. She said, ``That is what  being poor in America is like; you have to pay a tax on everything,''  because you can't buy a decent pair of shoes and you can't buy a decent  tire for a bike.   This is a reason why 450 economists have written to the  administration saying we should be making this permanent. And I believe  we should be making it permanent. They have also pointed out that it is  very important for people to hear that this is pro-work. The countries  that have child allowances like this actually have a higher percentage  of people in the workforce than we do, because people can use that  allowance to pay for a little extra childcare so they can stay at work.  They can use that allowance to help pay to fix a car so they can stay  at work. This is a pro-work policy.   Just as importantly, childhood poverty costs our country $1 trillion  a year. We have been told by Columbia University that we are going to  see an 8x annual return as a result of cutting childhood poverty in  half this year, which this policy does, as opposed to spending money  just to mitigate the effects of childhood poverty.   So there is every reason in the world that we should make this  permanent, that we should extend it. In my view, we can't afford not  to, and that is why we are here today.   I want to thank my colleague from New Jersey, Senator Booker,  somebody I have known since he was mayor of Newark and I was the  superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, and we were working  together to try to lift up kids in our respective communities. There  have been many times when I have been on this floor and I have said  that we are treating America's children like they are someone else's  children, that only a country that didn't care about their kids would  treat our kids the way we have.   But, finally, we are not. Finally, we said: We are not going to  tolerate this. And a lot of that has to do with the Senator from New  Jersey's leadership.   I yield the floor.   