 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last night, the American people sent an  unmistakable message to the Democratic Party: We don't like your  agenda, we don't want your agenda, and we won't vote for your agenda or  for you.   During this election, the Democratic Party was exposed for what it  has become: a party that holds police, parents, and patriotism in  contempt. And now the Democrats have paid the price. The Democrats will  continue to pay that price until they reject the repugnant radicalism  that has infected their party.   The Democratic defeat last night was not in a single State or one  county or some isolated municipality. It was not some isolated  incident. It was not the result of just a single quirky issue or a bad  candidate. It was a nationwide disaster and wipeout for the Democratic  Party.   After 12 years of uninterrupted statewide victories in the  Commonwealth of Virginia, Democrats appear to have lost not one, not  two, but all three statewide races this year, along with control of the  Virginia House of Delegates. And the only reason they didn't lose the  Virginia State Senate is the State senate wasn't on the ballot last  night.   I would remind you that Virginia is not a swing State, as you may  have heard this morning to excuse the Democrats' terrible performance.  Joe Biden won Virginia by 10 points. It has been 12 years since  Virginia voted for a Republican. Virginia is a Democratic State and has  been for more than a decade. Yet, now, Joe Biden's acolytes have been  soundly defeated by Republican Governor-elect Glenn Youngkin,  Lieutenant Governor-elect Winsome Sears, and Attorney General-elect  Jason Miyares. It is remarkable how quickly the President's party has  frittered away all of the good will in Virginia.   Now, I have also heard some Democrats try to explain away the loss in  Virginia by saying Terry McAuliffe was a bad candidate. Now, I  certainly have no grief for Terry McAuliffe, but I would say that Terry  McAuliffe was such a bad candidate that he also is causing the  Democratic Governor in New Jersey to lose. Joe Biden won that State by  16 points, and at this moment, the Governor's race is too close to  call--too close to call. So it is at least a 16-point swing even if the  Democratic Governor squeaks it out.   Oh, by the way, the Democratic State senate president, one of the key  power brokers in New Jersey, appears to be on his path to losing to a  Republican truckdriver who spent a grand total of $153 on his campaign  but someone who said: I am a dad and I am a grandfather, and I think  that we are taxed too much and that we need better representation.   If anyone had told Governor Phil Murphy and the Democrats yesterday  that this would be a close race, he would have been laughed out of the  room. Yet outrage against Democratic policies is rampant even in deep  blue New Jersey.   Looking across State lines in New York, there was a similarly  shocking outcome, with Republicans apparently sweeping every office in  Long Island--every office in Long Island--driven in no small part by  the insane, pro-criminal policies of the New York Democrats who want to  eliminate cash bail and defund the police and go soft on criminals and  let them out of jail early.   Speaking of that, let's turn to deep, deep blue Minneapolis, MN,  where the BLM riots got kicked off last summer, where Democratic  ``defund the police'' radicals have waged an unrelenting war on their  city's police force. In a referendum to replace the police department,  56 percent of voters revolted and voted to keep the police department  just the way it is--thank you very much.   This should teach the Democrats an important lesson. If ``defund the  police'' can't win in a city that has been run entirely by Democratic  mayors for nearly a half-century, it is not going to win anywhere.   Now, if this was a bad night for Democrats, it was an even worse  night for the woke, far-left progressives who dominate in the  Democratic Party. In Buffalo, NY, voters appear to have rejected this  Democratic radicalism. Self-proclaimed socialist mayoral candidate  India Walton had actually beaten the incumbent Democratic mayor earlier  this year for the nomination, but now India Walton is losing to the  current mayor in a write-in campaign--a write-in campaign.   Again, if your far-left policies can't even win when you are your  party's nominee and in a city that has been run entirely by Democrats  for a half-century, you had better believe they are bad and unpopular  policies that will cost you your next election.   Finally, as far away as San Antonio, Republicans have flipped a  largely Hispanic district long considered a Democratic bastion in a  clear sign that Republican inroads with Hispanic voters last year were  not a fluke.   So what is responsible for this astounding red wave unlike anything  we have seen in years? Well, if you listen to some in the media this  morning, the answer is the same as always: It is Republican racism.  Glenn Youngkin is apparently a smiling, fleece-jacket wearing  reincarnation of Democratic demagogues. But if you look at the map and  you look at the actual results, this laughable attack is exposed for  what it is: dishonest propaganda.   As part of this supposedly racist or White supremacist backlash  election, more than half of Hispanic voters appear to have pulled the  lever for Glenn Youngkin. Not one but two plurality-Black Virginia  State House districts flipped to the GOP. Best of all for this  supposedly racist or White supremacist backlash election, Virginia  voters just elected the State's first Black female Lieutenant Governor.  That woman is Winsome Sears, a gun-toting immigrant, Marine veteran,  and a proud conservative Republican.   So much for the media spin. Now for the truth. According to exit  polls, the top issues on voters' minds were the economy and education.  Both spelled disaster for the Democrats.   For months, Americans have watched with alarm as Democrats have  shoveled trillions of dollars into liberal priorities while inflation  has surged upwards. They have suffered skyrocketing costs at the  grocery store and the gas pump.   First, the Democrats said this is merely transitory inflation. Then  they laughed it off as a joke, and they said: Sorry. You will have to  lower your expectations. It may take you a while to get your treadmill.   Then they demanded trillions of dollars more in their so-called Build  Back Better initiative, which should perhaps be called ``build back  broke'' if you are a working family.   So when Glenn Youngkin offered to eliminate Virginia's onerous  grocery tax and cut the progressive gas tax, normal Virginians  listened, and they voted.   American parents have also been ignored and mistreated by the schools  that are supposed to be teaching their kids. Remote learning was a  disaster for America's children. Some have fallen months behind in  their development, and many more have suffered the consequences of  social isolation. But if there is a silver lining in this tragedy, it  is that parents were finally able to see the nonsense that their kids  were being taught: critical race theory, indoctrinated to see  everything and everyone first and foremost by the color of their skin  and to hate their country. Parents were outraged, and parents were  right to be outraged.   Now, the Democrats' response to this controversy reminds me of the  old line  [[Page S7696]]  that that dog didn't bite you; he is not my dog; he kicked you first.  Their first response was that critical race theory is a figment of your  imagination. And they said it is not taught in Virginia. And they said:  Well, it should be taught anyway because our schools and our  institutions are so racist.   Then again, they also said that there was no threat of having teenage  boys in girls' bathrooms. We now know that Loudoun County didn't just  cover up one rape--one rape--of a teenage girl by a boy dressed as a  girl but then transferred that boy to another school, where he  committed a second assault. Not surprisingly, parents in Loudoun County  didn't take too kindly to the woke Democrats in charge of that school  system.   When their arguments failed to persuade, the Democrats tried a  different tactic: silencing parents. Terry McAuliffe boldly claimed  that parents shouldn't tell schools what they should teach their kids.  Attorney General Merrick Garland even tried to sic the FBI on parents  who showed up to protest at school board meetings.   So it is no wonder that parents voted for Republicans in Virginia and  across the country when the alternative was nothing but contempt and  spite for parents raising their children as they see fit.   So, yes, the American people are disappointed, dissatisfied, and,  frankly, disgusted with the modern Democratic Party, which sneeringly  claims that it knows best always and about everything. Now, if it did,  it would have seen this coming.   I would simply caution my Democratic colleagues, especially four  future former one-term Senators, that if they don't change their ways,  if they proceed with this reckless tax-and-spending bill, which  includes over a trillion dollars in wasteful spending and which is  littered with woke projects and leftist schemes, next year will be even  worse. That chill you feel is the voters walking over your grave.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   