 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the objection.    Madam Speaker, Americans instinctively know there was  something wrong with this election. During the campaign, Vice President  Biden would do an event and he  [[Page H79]]  would get 50 people at the event. President Trump, at just one rally,  gets 50,000 people. President Trump increases votes with African  Americans; increases votes with Hispanic Americans; won 19 of 20  bellwether counties; won Ohio by 8; Iowa by 8; and Florida by 3.  President Trump got 11 million more votes than he did in 2016, and  House Republicans won 27 of 27 toss-up races.   But somehow the guy who never left his house wins the election?   Eighty million Americans, 80 million of our fellow citizens,  Republicans and Democrats, have doubts about this election; and 60  million people, 60 million Americans think it was stolen.   But Democrats say: No problem. No worries. Everything is fine.   We asked for an investigation. We asked Chairman Nadler, Chairwoman  Maloney for an investigation. They said no. They wouldn't want to  investigate something that half the electorate has doubts about. It is  just the Presidency of the United States.   Why? Why not one single investigation? Why not even one single  hearing over the last 9 weeks in the United States House of  Representatives? Why?   Because all the Democrats care about is making sure President Trump  isn't President. For 4\1/2\ years that is all they have cared about.   July 31, 2016, before he was elected the first time, Jim Comey's FBI  takes out the insurance policy; opens an investigation on the President  based on nothing.   May 17, 2017, Bob Mueller was named special counsel. Two years they  investigate the Russia hoax. Nineteen lawyers, 40 agents and $40  million of taxpayer money for nothing.   December 18, 2019, Democrat House Members vote to impeach President  Trump based on an anonymous whistleblower with no firsthand knowledge,  who was biased against the President and who worked for Joe Biden.   But none of that worked. As hard as they tried, none of that worked.  They threw everything they had at him.   So what did they do next?   They changed the rules. They changed the election law and they did it  in an unconstitutional fashion, and that is what we are going to show  over the next several hours of debate.   The Constitution is clear, as Whip Scalise just said. State  legislatures and only State legislatures set election law.   In Arizona, the law says voter registration ends on October 5.   Democrats said: We don't care what the law says.   They went to a court, got an Obama-appointed judge to extend it 18  days. No debate, as Steve talked about. No debate. No discussion. They  just did it.   Pennsylvania, same thing. Pennsylvania laws says mail-in ballots have  to be in by 8 p.m. election day.   Democrat Supreme Court said: Nope. We are going to extend it.   Election day doesn't end on Tuesday now. They took it to Friday.  Extended the election 3 days; not the legislature, the partisan Supreme  Court.   Pennsylvania law says mail-in ballots require signature verification.   Democrat secretary of state said: Nope. I am going to decide by  myself that it doesn't, for 2.6 million ballots.   Pennsylvania law says mail-in ballots can't be processed until  election day. Some counties said no. And you can imagine which counties  they were. Democrat-run counties said no and allowed ballots to be  cured and fixed before election day.    They did an end-run around the Constitution in every State that  Republicans will object to today. Every single one. It was a pattern.  It was their template. They did it in Arizona. They did it in Georgia.  They did it in Michigan. They did it in Pennsylvania. They did it in  Nevada. They did it in Wisconsin.   Yet, some of our Members say: Don't worry about it. We shouldn't do  anything. Just let it go. It was just six States who violated the  Constitution.   What if it is 10 States next time? What if it is 15? What if, in  2024, 2028, it is 26 States? What if it is half the States that do an  end-run around what the Constitution clearly spells out?   We are the final check and balance. The authority rests with us, the  United States Congress, the body closest to the American people, right  where the Founders wanted it. We should do our duty. We should object  to and vote for this objection to the Arizona electors.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   