 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks.    Mr. President, I wanted to come to the floor today to  share a few words about Regina Rodriguez, President Biden's nominee for  the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado. Gina's nomination  comes to this floor with broad, well-earned support across the State of  Colorado. My office has received a flood of letters on her behalf. All  of them testify to her character, her hard work, and her commitment to  service, justice, and the rule of law.   She learned all of it from her family. Her mom's family knew  injustice firsthand. During the Second World War, they were relocated  from California to the Heart Mountain internment site in Wyoming,  joining over 10,000 people whose loyalty was questioned by the U.S.  Government based solely on their Japanese ancestry.   Her mother Linda went on to become a teacher and administrator in the  Denver public schools, my old school district. Her father Peter was a  Mexican American who went from living in a railroad boxcar on the South  Side of Chicago to earning a nomination for the NFL Hall of Fame.   Education and hard work transformed her parents' lives, and Regina  has always sought to live up to their example. Gina grew up in  Gunnison, CO, but her family moved around the country because her dad  coached football. She graduated with honors from the University of  Iowa, which I know is not the only reason Chairman Grassley supported  her nomination but probably was an important one, and then returned  home to earn a J.D. from the University of Colorado Law School.   After starting at a private firm in Denver, Gina joined the U.S.  Attorney's Office. The Department of Justice noticed her talent, and  she went to work for the Attorney General on alternative dispute  resolution--a new approach at the time meant to avoid lengthy trials  through arbitration and mediation. She helped to mainstream the  approach for all U.S. attorneys, saving the government countless hours  and taxpayers' countless dollars over the years.   Gina's leadership in Washington earned her a promotion back in  Denver, where she rose to become Chief of the Civil Division in the  U.S. Attorney's Office. She was the first Latina to hold that position  and quickly developed a stellar reputation among colleagues and judges.   Today, she is one of the most respected trial lawyers in Colorado and  has received reward after reward for her work.   Her commitment to the community has been just as impressive. She is a  founding board member of Colorado Youth at Risk, a nonprofit that helps  kids stay on the right track. She served as one of Colorado's higher  education commissioners and still serves on the board of Denver's  highest performing charter school, the School of Science and Technology  in my old district. Somehow, she finds time to mentor young lawyers  from underrepresented communities.   The evidence is overwhelming: Regina Rodriguez is an exceptional  nominee with a distinguished career and commitment to service. She has  blazed trails in Colorado and in Colorado law through the sheer force  of her intellect, hard work, and character. Regina and her family are  what we mean when we come to this floor and talk about the American  dream.   She has my full and enthusiastic support, and I want to thank my  colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for advancing her nomination with  overwhelming, bipartisan support. They saw what Colorado already knows,  which is what an exceptional judge Gina would make, and I  wholeheartedly agree. I urge my colleagues to come together and confirm  this outstanding nominee in a big bipartisan vote.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   