 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I think there is something that may be  coming up that is worth addressing right now and addressing early. It  has been a concern, a bipartisan concern, for a long period of time,  and that is that President Biden has made it clear that he intends to  reenter the 2015 Iran deal, better known as the JCPOA.   Now, this was something that disturbed a lot of people--a lot of  Democrats as well as Republicans--back during the Obama years, and I  want to get it on record here to make sure that reentering that Iran  deal would be a terrible mistake and that the administration would face  stiff opposition in Congress if he tried to go that route. There are  things that we can do but not reentering that one. There can be no  return to a deal with limitations on Iran's nuclear program that begin  to expire in 4 years or the return to a deal that, ultimately, allows  Iran to enrich enough uranium for a nuclear weapon after those  limitations.   Keep in mind that Iran is the country that is right in the middle of  all of the terrorist activity, promoting terrorism around the world,  and to even think about allowing them to keep some kind of a nuclear  capability that can be used as a bomb--it is just unthinkable that it  could happen. We couldn't return to a deal that lifts the sanctions on  a government that is the leading state sponsor of terrorism and is  targeting U.S. personnel and partners across the Middle East. You don't  need to take my word for it. My Democratic colleagues warned the Obama  administration in 2015. I was here. I remember when it happened. They  were talking about the shortcomings of that deal.   One was the senior Senator from New York, the current majority  leader, Chuck Schumer, who warned that, under the Iran deal,  ``inspections are not `anywhere, anytime,' '' and ``the 24-day delay  before we can inspect is troubling.''   That would be right. Essentially, what he said was that they can do  anything they want to do for 24 days before we restrict anything that  they are doing. He was right.   He further said: ``That delay would enable Iran to escape detection  of any illicit building and improving of possible military dimensions-- the tools that go into building a bomb but don't emit radioactivity.''  That door was left wide open that this could take place.   Or listen to the Democratic colleague from New Jersey, Senator  Menendez. He is the new chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign  Relations, and he warned that the deal meant ``we are now embarked not  on preventing nuclear proliferation, but on managing or containing it,  which leaves us with a far less desirable, less secure, and less  certain world order.''   Or listen to my Democratic colleague from West Virginia, Senator  Manchin. He serves with me on the committee that I had chaired for  quite some time, the Senate Committee on Armed Services. He warned us.  He said: ``Lifting sanctions without ensuring that Iran's sponsorship  of terrorism is neutralized is dangerous to regional and American  security.''  [[Page S276]]    I mean, these are no-brainers. These are things that Democrats and  Republicans alike were warning us about--of the frailties that were in  that proposal back in 2015.   Now, my Democratic colleagues were pretty prophetic in what they were  warning. They were warning three things. First of all, we still, after  this period of time, do not know the full scope of Iran's nuclear  program. Secondly, Iran's nuclear production slowed, but it did not end  after that. Third, Iran did, in fact, use its sanctions relief to fund  terrorism, and it continues to support groups who target Americans for  murder.   I just wish that then-Vice President Biden had listened to my  Democratic colleagues and their warning about the Iran deal's  shortcomings then, and I hope that he will listen now that he is  President. It is more significant, and there is simply no good argument  for returning to a bad deal.   Too often, supporters of the Iran deal have accused the Iran deal's  critics--talking to me and others, I am sure--of being opposed to any  deal at all. Back in 2015, the Obama administration depicted the  opponents of the Iran deal as warmongers.   Let me just be clear. Nobody wants war with Iran. If anything, I  believe the Obama-era deal makes war more likely by enriching one of  the worst state sponsors of terrorism and by giving it a clear pathway  towards nuclear weapons capabilities.   I am not making this stuff up. This is serious. Calling the people  who oppose him warmongers couldn't be further from the truth.   In fact, after killing Iran's arch-terrorist, Soleimani, last year,  President Trump explicitly called for a deal that makes the world safer  and more peaceful. He was calling for that at that time.   So we don't want war, but we also don't want a flawed Iran deal. That  terrible deal isn't and never has been the only choice. But we would  absolutely consider supporting a good deal. What would a good deal look  like? I want to highlight four main principles that we would look for,  and this is something the President can do now.   First, the deal has to be comprehensive. That means addressing all of  Iran's bad behavior: its funding of terrorism, terrorist proxies, its  ballistic missile program, its nuclear program--the things my  Democratic colleagues were worried about back in 2015.   Secondly, the deal has to be inclusive of the views of Israel and our  Arab partners. The Obama administration sidestepped their concerns, and  President Biden should not do the same now. We should have learned from  that.   Third, the deal must be permanent. The 2015 deal allowed for sunset  provisions that would ultimately allow Iran to possess a nuclear  weapons capability. And I will be clear: Iran should never be allowed  to have a nuclear capability.   Fourth, the deal has to be transparent. It has to allow for regular  and unconditional inspections of Iran's nuclear program, just as the  majority leader called for 6 years ago. I mean, what is wrong with  making sure that we are allowed to make inspections to make sure they  are doing what they have agreed to do? There is nothing wrong with  that.   Now, these are things my colleagues and I agree on. President Biden  can find bipartisan support here. To repeat, we want a diplomatic  resolution, not war, but that means a good resolution.   Of course, it is far from clear that the Iranian regime is ready and  willing to engage in serious negotiations. So I call on the Biden  administration to lay the groundwork now so that a new deal has the  foundation to succeed when the Iranian regime is ready. You know, that  is a logical thing that I think would encompass a lot of support from  the Republican side and support from the House.   Specifically, this means maintaining our leverage with Iran through  sanctions and a strong U.S. military posture in the region. It also  means opening discussions with our European allies and our other  regional partners to coordinate priorities for the new deal. Most  importantly, it means working with Congress early and often so that  there is a sustainable, bipartisan path forward when the time is right.   Along those lines, I was disappointed by President Biden's decision  to appoint someone who negotiated the Iran deal as his new Iran envoy.  A new deal requires new thinking. Bipartisan cooperation won't be  achieved by elevating the partisans of the past. If something didn't  work back then, just try somebody else. Send new personnel working on  these problems.   Moving forward, the Biden administration should expect difficult  confirmations for any nominee who was involved in negotiating that deal  back in 2015. President Biden has an opportunity to correct the Obama  administration's mistakes on Iran. It has a chance to build bipartisan  congressional support for a diplomatic resolution that is truly  comprehensive, inclusive, transparent, and permanent.   A successful Iran deal allows the United States to focus more  squarely on the challenges of Russia and China. A return to the Iran  deal, however, will empower the Iranian regime and keep us mired in the  region.   I think everyone knows Iran. It is the world leader in terrorism, and  we should do everything we can to make sure they don't get a nuclear  capability to develop a nuclear weapon. I can't imagine that anyone  could argue with that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. 75 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.  Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I have a hard time with that, I say to  my friend from Connecticut.   Somehow, in protecting those with Down syndrome, you are killing  those with Down syndrome.   Right now, I am really shocked that people would talk about  protecting children. The previous speaker was from Pennsylvania. He had  a bill on childcare and taking care of kids. Yet now we are talking  about the fact that a baby, in having been diagnosed with having Down  syndrome, somehow should be aborted. I can't think of how anyone could  oppose this bill, especially because the American people  overwhelmingly--70 percent of them--oppose aborting a child on the  basis that the child would be born with Down syndrome. That includes 56  percent of the people who consider themselves to be pro-abortion  people. Fifty-six percent of the people who support abortion oppose  this on the basis of a Down syndrome diagnosis.   In the United States, over two-thirds of the unborn babies diagnosed  with Down syndrome are aborted right now. Why? Instead of receiving  information, resources, and support, mothers often resort to feeling  pressure to abort.   Justice Clarence Thomas put it a little bit more directly. He said:  ``I am deeply concerned that for babies with Down syndrome, abortion  has become `a tool of modern day eugenics.' '' That was from a U.S.  Supreme Court Justice.   My bill would protect these innocent lives from systematic  discrimination through abortion. We say that we support equality in the  United States. Yet countless babies' lives have been stolen because of  their chromosome counts. So I am surprised that my colleagues can  object to this commonsense bill and that they reject protecting the  most vulnerable among us, and, certainly, those who are born with Down  syndrome are among the most vulnerable among us.   I just want the people to know out there, our friends in the Down  syndrome community--and there is a community--that a lot of people are  concerned about this. I am going to keep fighting for you even though  some are using any kind of excuse that they can think of from  protecting these babies.   Before I yield the floor, I will respond to any comments from the  Senator from Connecticut.   Hearing none, I yield the floor.   