 Mr. President, there have been few other times  in American history when the need for economic growth through  strategic, responsible, pro-business policies has been as great as it  is today. Nothing is more important to a family than a good-paying job.  That is where the American dream begins.   Today, as our Nation fights to overcome the horrendous health and  economic impacts of COVID-19, we must balance our approach. We have to  protect American families and individuals who have been hurt by this  crisis, support commonsense public health policies and an aggressive  vaccine distribution effort, while also keeping businesses open,  incentivizing future growth of businesses, large and small, and  standing up to our economic adversaries, like Communist China, by  reshoring our supply chain back home.   We also need to continue cutting regulations to make it easier for  businesses to operate and for entrepreneurs to create jobs.   President Biden and his Cabinet have the important task of  revitalizing our economy amid one of our Nation's worst economic  crises. In my 8 years as Governor of Florida, we balanced our budget  each year, cut $10 billion in taxes, paid off one-third of our State  debt, and Florida companies added nearly 1.7 million jobs. But instead  of looking to innovation and approving policies of States like Florida  that will create jobs and help Americans and small businesses, the  Biden administrations is already making promises to go in the opposite  direction--promises that are being championed by his nominee for  Treasury Secretary, Janet Yellen.   Let me be clear. I support targeted relief to help our small  businesses and individuals who are hurting because of the coronavirus.  With the start of a new administration, I was hoping to hear some  fresh, new ideas on how to accomplish our shared goal of addressing  this crisis. But that is not what we are hearing from the Biden  administration. Their answer is the same as it always has been for  Democrats: more government, more spending, higher taxes, no  accountability.   Voters are befuddled by the claim that while families cannot borrow  without limits or consequences, somehow the Federal Government can. It  is irresponsible, and I won't stand for it. We have to get serious  about how we are spending taxpayer dollars. We already have more than  $27 trillion in Federal debt.   If interest rates return to their 50-year average, the interest on  our Federal debt will make it impossible to fund our military,  Medicare, and Social Security.   President Biden wants to spend more than $350 billion to bail out  wasteful, liberal States for their decades of mismanagement, and his  nominees, including Ms. Yellen, support this nonsense.   Andrew Cuomo has threatened the New York wealthy that if they don't  help him get a Federal Government bailout, he will raise their taxes.   I was elected Governor of Florida when Cuomo was elected Governor of  New York. While Governor of Florida, I lowered taxes each year. Cuomo  raised  [[Page S83]]  taxes. Since we were both elected, families and businesses have  increasingly left New York for lower taxes, better schools, better  roads, and warmer weather in Florida.   Asking taxpayers to bail out failed politicians in liberal States  like New York and Illinois and save them from their own bad decisions  isn't fair to the taxpayers in fiscally responsible States like  Florida. After all, many Florida taxpayers left New York because of  Cuomo's tax policy.   It makes no sense. Congress has already allocated more than $4.5  trillion to address this crisis. Think about it. We just passed a  nearly $1 trillion relief package 4 weeks ago. This is all borrowed  money. The Federal Government doesn't have savings for a rainy day, and  we still don't know how much money is unspent from the previous  coronavirus relief packages. How can we possibly justify spending more  money right now? We don't even know what we might need to spend money  on.   And for States like California, we know they don't need it.  California's tax revenues for this fiscal year is running $9 billion,  or 18 percent, above projections. Personal income tax revenue in  October was $1 billion--15 percent higher than in the previous October,  and sales taxes were up 9.2 percent. For the last 4 months, overall  revenue in California has exceeded spring forecasts and even 2019  collections. But that hasn't kept Governor Newsom and his far left  buddies in Congress from keeping their hands out for more money.   We cannot simply throw massive spending at this with no  accountability to the current and future American taxpayer. It is  shameful.   We have also heard the Biden administration and its nominees call for  a new national minimum wage of $15 an hour. It is clear that these  folks haven't talked to business owners. Small businesses in America  are struggling like never before, especially in liberal States, where  repeated lockdowns have exacerbated their work to stay open. And  President Biden believes now is the time to slap another mandate on  their back and drive even more Americans chasing the dream of this  country out of business? I am not sure how you could possibly be more  detached from reality.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, a federally mandated  $15 minimum wage would cost as many as 3.7 million Americans their  jobs.   Let me tell you, I know what it is like to be poor, to live in public  housing, to not have enough money to afford healthcare for a family  member. I watched my parents struggle for work. I don't want any family  to go through what I went through.   I ran for office because I wanted to help struggling families like  the one I grew up in to have the chance to live the American dream. So  when I hear folks like Ms. Yellen say that job loss from a minimum-wage  mandate is ``very minimal, if anything,'' it really leaves me at a  loss. Watching 3.7 million Americans lose their jobs will not be  minimal.   Adding insult to injury, we have heard great praise for the  implementation of a carbon tax. Let's remember, this was part of the  Green New Deal, which would be a disaster if passed. According to  estimates from the Heritage Foundation, a carbon emissions tax would  cost the country 1.4 million jobs while decreasing our GDP by $3.9  trillion and reducing income for a family of four by $40,000, with  disproportionate costs falling on low-income families. Again, how can  this be seen as the logical step when so many in our Nation are simply  trying to recover and rebuild from the devastation of the COVID-19  pandemic?   If the administration has its way, Americans should prepare for  higher taxes, less income, less opportunity, and more government  mandates.   Ms. Yellen seems to think the solution to America's economic woes is  more government, more taxes, more regulation, not more individual  opportunity. That is wrong and will only send us further into debt and  our families further into despair.   Based on what I have heard, I am concerned and, frankly, disturbed by  what is being offered as the future of America's economic policy. When  I ran for the Senate, I did so to fix Washington's broken way of doing  things. We have to address Washington's unconscionable need to waste  tax dollars on things that don't actually help or even hurt American  families, especially working families and those on fixed incomes. I  will never give up this fight.   In 2018, Ms. Yellen was quoted speaking about the unsustainable U.S.  debt and said: ``If I had a magic wand, I would raise taxes.'' We know  that is not the real answer to solving our debt issue. It is simply the  lazy, liberal approach.   It is time to get value out of every dollar we spend and make hard  choices that actually help families and ensure a strong economic future  for our Nation.   I cannot support the nomination of a candidate who proudly promotes  Joe Biden's policies to mortgage our kids' and grandkids' futures with  irresponsible and shortsighted tax spending.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   