 Mr. President, I want to talk a few minutes about the  good people of China, about Confucius Institutes, and the Chinese  Communist Party.   I meant what I said when I referred to ``the good people of China.''  You visited China, Mr. President. The people of China are wonderful  people. They are engaging. They are smart. They have a great sense of  humor. They have built an extraordinary economy.   I wish I could say the same about their authoritarian government, but  I can't. The Communist Party of China is trying to not only swallow  China, it is trying to swallow the world.   We helped the Communist Party of China be admitted into the World  Trade Organization. We were told that if we did, they would embrace  free enterprise. We were told that the Communist Party of China would  be a valuable participant in a stable world order. None of that has  come to be the case.   We know what the Communist Party of China has done to Hong Kong. We  know what the Communist Party of China has done to the Uighurs. We know  what the Communist Party of China has done to the wonderful, wonderful  people of Tibet. But I did want to make that distinction between the  authoritarian government of the Communist Party of China and the  Chinese people.  [[Page S1043]]    The Communist Party of China, being as aggressive as it is, has for a  number of years reached out to our colleges and universities to  establish what the Communist Party of China calls ``Confucius  Institutes.'' And this was the pitch made by the government of China to  our universities: ``We will give you bucket loads of money if you''-- our American universities--``will allow us to establish Confucius  Institutes where we can explain our culture to the young people of  America, where we can have a free exchange of ideas, and where we can  help young Americans learn the Chinese language if they would like.''   That sounds great. You know, I will take a dozen of those. But the  Communist Party of China being the Communist Party of China, that is  not how our Confucius Institutes have worked out.   These institutes, run by the authoritarian Government of China, will  not allow the free exchange of ideas. They will not allow anyone to  talk about the Uighurs or the people of Tibet or Hong Kong or what  happened at Tiananmen Square. They basically--``they'' meaning the  Communist Party of China--have used these Confucius Institutes as  propaganda arms of their government.   Many of our universities have done the right thing. They have said:  No, we stand for the free exchange of ideas, and if you are going to  come on our campus and tell our people that there are things they can't  talk about, then, respectfully, you need--you, the Confucius  Institutes--to leave our campus.   But some of the universities haven't done the right thing. I am not  suggesting that--I am not cynical enough to suggest that it is all  about the money, but you can't ignore the fact that I think the  Communist Party of China has given our universities, through the  years--don't hold me to this figure exactly--but about $150 million to  set up these Confucius Institutes. Universities, you know, they build  that money into their budget, so they are reluctant to see the  Confucius Institutes leave--not all of our universities but some of  them. I recognize the economic reality.   I have a bill that would say to--we wouldn't get rid of Confucius  Institutes. It will just tell our universities: You have to properly  manage them. You can't allow the Confucius Institutes to stay on your  campus if the Confucius Institutes will not allow for the free exchange  of ideas.   If kids--I shouldn't call them kids. If young people in our  universities want to talk about Tibet, they get to talk about Tibet.  And the bill would say that the universities have to take back control  of these Confucius Institutes from the Communist Party of China;  otherwise, they are not going to be eligible for Federal funds.   My bill, once again, doesn't kick anybody off campus. It just says  you have to--you, the Communist Party of China, have to do what you  originally told us you were going to do.   My bill has--our bill, because the Senate passed it twice. Twice this  bill has passed the U.S. Senate, the last time with bipartisan support.  We put the bill on the NDAA, and, Mr. President, you know how  conference committees work with the NDAA. Sometimes it is a ferret fire  drill, and there is a lot of confusion, and somehow the Confucius  Institute bill got watered down to do nothing in the conference  negotiations on the NDAA. I am not criticizing anybody, but it  happened.   So I am going to ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass  the Confucius Institute Act for a third time, and I hope, in our new  Congress, we can keep teeth in it in working with our colleagues, not  only in the Senate but in the House.   Toward that end, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 590, introduced earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, since we have a few minutes here--I think  Senator Sanders is supposed to be next--I just thought I would take a  few minutes to talk about President Biden's coronavirus bill.   Let me see if I can explain why so many of my Republican colleagues-- and I am a part of that--are disappointed in the bill. This bill will  be our sixth coronavirus bill. I don't think anybody, any fair-minded  person, can accuse the U.S. Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, of  not trying to respond to this devastating virus and the economic  problems it has created.   I have been very proud, within the first five bills, that we did it  on a bipartisan basis. We spent a lot of money, about $4 trillion. That  is 4-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 taxpayer dollars. And, of course, we don't  even have 5 percent of that. We borrowed every bit of it. It is a  staggering sum. But we did it because we had a crisis. We had to deal  with it. That is what we were sent up here to do. We did it on a  bipartisan basis. But this, the last bill, President Biden's most  recent bill--we call it the $1.9 trillion bill--we haven't done it on a  bipartisan basis. I am disappointed in that.   I understand politics. The Presiding Officer does too. But I listened  very carefully to President Biden throughout the campaign and in his 6  weeks of this administration, and he said very clearly and repeatedly:  You know, I want to work with everybody. What I heard him say to the  Republicans was: You know, I want to meet you halfway.   I don't mean any disrespect, but if that is the case, either he or  the people around him are not very good judges of distance.   It has been made very clear to us that there would be no negotiations  on this bill and that President Biden decided to proceed to  reconciliation, which only requires a majority. And I think we both  expect there to be 50 Democratic votes in favor of this bill and 50  Republican votes against it, and Vice President Harris will break the  tie. That is not a bipartisan bill, and I regret that, and I think it  could have been different.   You know, we can debate about whether we need $1.9 trillion, and I  understand there are good arguments on both sides. I have heard the  arguments, and I have listened carefully to my Democratic friends  explain why they think we need it. There is another side of the story,  and that is that, thank the Lord, we enjoyed 4 percent GDP growth last  quarter. Most economists reckon that we will have about 6 percent GDP  growth this year. The American people have about $1.6 trillion in  excess savings. We have all this liquidity that, as soon as it is  allowed to be  [[Page S1044]]  released, is going to stimulate our economy substantially, in my  judgment.   Everyone involved is doing a wonderful job on the vaccines. President  Trump's team did a wonderful job. President Biden's team is doing a  good job. The Governors seem to be doing a great job. People are  getting vaccinated. We know that we have a lot of people in America who  had the virus and didn't even know it. We are rapidly approaching the  point where, either through vaccination or people who had the virus and  therefore have the antibodies, we are going to have way over the  majority of American people protected.   So one point of view is that we don't need to spend $1.9 trillion,  but there was a middle ground here, and I am disappointed that the  President took the position that, look, we need to spend $2 trillion  right now, even though there is $1 trillion at least in previously  appropriated funds that we haven't spent yet.   Now, a reasonable approach would have been to say: Do we really need  to spend $2 trillion? Maybe we ought to spend the other $1 trillion and  see if that will do it. Another reasonable approach would have been to  say: Maybe we ought to reprogram some of the $1 trillion that hasn't  been spent. For example, we appropriated I think about $70 billion to  our elementary and secondary schools. They have only spent $4 billion,  so why are we giving them another $160 billion in President Biden's  bill? Maybe--I am not saying it is the case, but we ought to explore  it--maybe the schools didn't need the full $70 billion we gave them if  they have only spent $4 billion or $5 billion. So maybe we can  reprogram some of that money.   Now, if we had this money sitting in a checking account, I would  still think--because it represents a scarce resource, I would still  think that we need to take a look at the money we have already sent and  either spend it, if it is well placed, or reprogram it before we go out  and spend $2 trillion. But we don't have the money in a checking  account. We will borrow every penny of this money, $2 trillion. That is  going to bring debt up to 27, 28, 29 trillion dollars, and we know that  right behind it is going to come a green infrastructure bill. I am  hearing that could be $2 trillion to $3 trillion more. At some point,  we are going to run out of digits. I mean, at some point, we are going  to have to change the name of the Department of Treasury to the  ``Department of Debt'' because there is no treasury left. It is all  debt.   The other thing that bothers me about the bill is President Biden-- and, again, I understand politics. He has marketed this bill as an  emergency. It is an emergency. We have to do it now. Right now, we need  $1.9 trillion to deal with the economic crisis caused by the lockdown.  And I understand that argument and that there currently are some  Americans who need help, but if what the President is saying is  accurate, then why is so much of the money not even going to be spent  until a year from now?   I look at the bill, and I say, if all that is true to deal with an  immediate crisis, why are we giving money to States and local  governments that have actually seen their revenues go up? Why? There is  no crisis. And I look at the bill and I ask myself, you know, why are  we giving money to bail out pension plans? Can we talk about this? And  I look at the bill and I say, why, as I just alluded to, why are we  giving $160 billion--I think that is the figure--$160 billion to our  elementary and secondary education institutions when we have given them  $70 billion in the past and they have only spent $4 billion? Where is  the fire? They have $65 billion or so left. This is real money. There  is no money fairy.   I look at the bill--I mean, I want to help the American people. Gosh,  many of them do need help. But should we really be sending stimulus  checks to people who have never missed a paycheck out there? Do they  really need the money if they haven't been laid off and if they have  been paid the entire time of the lockdown? Why are we doing this?   Couldn't that money--first of all, one option is not to spend it if  there is not a need. We can pay down our debt or at least not increase  our debt. Another option would be to spend it on something that we  really need.   I come to the conclusion--I am not trying to be mean-spirited, but  that is why I say calling this a coronavirus bill, you know, it is like  calling Harvey Weinstein a feminist. This isn't a coronavirus bill, not  the way it has been portrayed.   Now, the American people still have needs. We still have some folks,  primarily in the leisure industry and in the travel industry, who need  our help. They do need help.   We have a lot of folks who have lost their jobs through no fault of  their own. They are on unemployment that is about to run out. They need  our help, and we ought to help. But the right way to do this is to sit  down as a body--Democrats and Republicans--and go through our needs,  not our wants, because that is another problem with this bill; it is  more ``wanty'' than needy. Let's go through our needs, and let's  discuss how much money we should appropriate to those needs in light of  the facts that we have already spent $4 trillion and we have a bunch of  money left over. And that is not the way this is being done.   This is just being rammed down our throats. This is just raw gut  politics, which I understand. I have been around it. You have, too, Mr.  President. We have both been around the block a few times. But that is  not how you allocate scarce resources.   The final point I will make is, I know when we did the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act--``we,'' meaning the Republicans--we went through  reconciliation. We did. And so a fairminded person might be thinking,  well, Kennedy, you know, how can you criticize your Democratic  colleagues for using reconciliation if you did it? And that is fair,  except when we did the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we asked our Democratic  friends in leadership: Can we sit down and see what we can put  together? And we were told: No, we don't want to reduce taxes.   That is not what happened this time. Ten of my colleagues--I wasn't  invited, and that is OK. But 10 of my colleagues went to the White  House and visited with President Biden for 2 hours and came back and  said: You know, I think he may want to put a bill together. And we were  excited. We were going: Yay, that is great. Wonderful.   Then, the next thing we knew, the White House issued a statement and  said: Our idea of unity is to do what we say and don't ask questions.   Both of us know that is not unity.   So all of this could have been avoided. It all could have been  avoided. And I think we are going to end up spending money that doesn't  need to be spent right now. I think we are going to end up spending  money where we don't need to spend it.   I am so glad that Senator Schumer withdrew his bridge project and  that Speaker Pelosi withdrew her Silicon Valley subway. That is just  spending porn as far as I am concerned.   But, in any event, I wanted to get that off my chest. We are going to  go through a vote-arama, where we all offer amendments. Maybe together  we can make this bill better and get rid of some of the spending porn,  as I call it, and do the job that the American people sent us here to  do.   Thank you.   I don't see Senator Sanders. I'm sorry.   With that, I yield to my good friend Senator Peters.   