 Madam Speaker, I thank our great chairman,  Chairman Takano, and our ranking member for their great work. It is an  honor to continue serving our veterans in a bipartisan manner and to  chair the relevant subcommittee.   As the Representative for Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and  thousands of military families in the region, I am incredibly proud of  the work we have accomplished in the past few years for our Nation's  veterans.   Back in January of this year, the Johnny Isakson and David P. Roe,  M.D. Veterans Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act was signed into  law. It was a historic omnibus bill for veterans that strengthened many  benefits and services for those who have served our country. It was a  great bipartisan accomplishment. Again, I am grateful to all of my  colleagues for getting it across the finish line.   It included provisions to improve services for homeless veterans, to  protect GI Bill benefits, improve the Transition Assistance Program for  servicemembers returning to civilian life, and so much more. It was the  product, again, of bipartisan, bicameral work, proof that we can do  things on a bipartisan basis here in Washington, D.C., and I was proud  to help lead that bill.   Most recently, we passed the American Rescue Plan, a landmark piece  of legislation to help Americans get through this pandemic, including  our veterans who have struggled to get back on their feet during this  difficult time.   A key piece of that bill was nearly $400 million for a rapid  retraining program for veterans who are unemployed as a result of this  pandemic and don't have access to other veteran education benefits.   Both of these bills were huge accomplishments; but, like all  legislation, they weren't perfect, and there are still steps that we  must take to make these programs work even better for the veterans they  are intended to serve.  [[Page H1968]]    That is why I was proud to introduce legislation with Ranking Member    Mike Bost of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, amending the  American Rescue Plan and the Isakson-Roe legislation to improve job  training and education programs for our veterans.   For example, our bill makes changes to the Rapid Retraining  Assistance Program so we are focusing on high-demand occupations.    Madam Speaker, it will also improve the VA's  communication with veterans about employment placement services. It  will clarify veterans' eligibility for housing stipends under the  retraining program. And it will ensure the VA works with qualified  nonprofit business associations to facilitate the employment of  participating veterans.   Nothing in this bill is controversial. It is all about improving  existing veterans' programs so they can get back to work and make the  most of the services they have earned and deserve.   Madam Speaker, I hope we can pass this bill without delay, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support it.   