 Mr. President, on January 20 of this year, President  Biden declared the repeal of an emergency action at our southwest  border. He withdrew that and said there is no emergency that currently  exists there and paused all funding for the border wall system  construction--stopped it. Wherever it was that day, it ended that day.   The same day, he announced a 100-day moratorium on deportations in  the country--stopped that. Within a few days, the courts stepped in and  a Federal court said that you can't just stop actually executing  faithfully the laws of the United States. The court halted  [[Page S1546]]  then his halt of a moratorium on deportations. In this case, his actual  request for a moratorium on deportation halt was for those who had  actually gone all the way through the court system and a Federal court  had asked them to be removed from the United States. That is what  President Biden was trying to stop.   Federal courts then stepped in and said that when the courts said  they had to be removed, the executive branch can't just ignore that.  They have to actually be removed.   That opened the flood gates. Those two announcements together--that  we are not going to do any more border construction, that we are going  to stop that, and the announcement of the moratorium--started the  process of a stir in Central America among the human smugglers to get  the word out to say this President is going to allow to let people in  and it is going to be different.   Why would I say that and why would they say that? Because even in the  time when I was sitting down with now Secretary Mayorkas in his  hearings before he was actually confirmed, I asked him in those  hearings: If there is a caravan coming to the United States right now  with hundreds of people in it and growing, what is your message to them  if you became the Secretary of DHS? What would you want to make sure  those folks heard?   His response to me in that hearing was: I would tell them to wait.  Not yet. Not yet.   The coyotes didn't hear it that way. They accelerated pushing people.   What is actually happening on the border?   Last weekend, I spent the weekend in Arizona just south of Tucson in  Nogales, a small little town of 26,000 people that sits right on the  border with Mexico. It is 26,000 on the American side, but on the  Mexican side it is a city of 450,000. It is a very large community on  that side and, literally, they have built up the community directly  against the border.   Much of that border fencing has been there a very long time. They  built properties directly against that fence. They are Mexicans. They  can do that. That is their property to be able to do that. That is not  the issue.   The interesting thing was to visit with folks from HHS taking care of  the unaccompanied minors in the area, to visit with Customs and Border  Protection that are actually handling the cross-border transition, and  with Border Patrol leadership to go through that area and see it.   Let me tell you a couple of things I saw this weekend to help you get  the context. The folks who I visited with at HHS, who are there taking  care of the unaccompanied minors coming in--and we are seeing a  significant surge of unaccompanied minors because the Biden  administration has changed the policy and said that if you are 18 years  old and up, because of the pandemic, we are not going to allow you in.  It is called title 42 authority. The Trump administration actually put  that in place and said: During the time of the pandemic, we are trying  to limit cross-border traffic. You can't just come in.   The Biden team changed that and said: If you are 18 and up, you can't  come in immediately. If you are 17 and down, you can   So we are seeing a massive surge of unaccompanied minors right now.  It is literally an invitation to say: You can come, but don't bring  your family with you.   When I sat down with the folks at HHS there, who are doing a  fantastic job with the best they can to be able to take care of those  kids, I asked them: What are you seeing?   The vast majority of the kids that they are seeing coming across the  border are 16- and 17-year-old males. When you hear the term, ``We've  got all these kids coming across the border,'' sometimes, as Americans,  we think these are 5-year-olds crossing the border. They are not. The  vast majority of them are 16- and 17-year-old males coming across the  border. They are also being transported to individuals who are here in  the country who are family members and who are already present here in  the country. Most of those are also illegally present in the country.  They are uncles and aunts. They are cousins and brothers and sisters  who are already here because we have separate categories of how we  actually transition those kids to someone who can take care of them  before we have the court hearing. Most of those court hearings will  take 2 the years. They are crossing the border, these 16- and 17-year- old males, and being connected with an uncle who is already here and  many times, illegally, as well. They will have the next 2 years to be  here before they have a court hearing and be able to go through the  process--if they come to the court hearing.   When I visited with the folks at Customs and Border Protection, they  were frustrated with the lack of funding that has been given to them to  be able to take care of the needs for that particular facility and help  manage the number of people who are coming through. They need  additional assistance because in that very old facility, they need  additional barriers to just help them manage the flow of people as they  come through.   When I visited with Border Patrol, we drove just a couple of miles  out into the desert, just to the west of this town of 450,000 people,  to go see the new fence that is being constructed. It may be hard to  see it in this, but miles and miles of new fencing are going in.   But on the day of January 20, construction was halted. In this  particular area, there are miles and miles of fencing except for these  gaps in the fence. Those gaps were put in there to be gates. So if they  have to take care of the fence, they can get access to both sides of  this. These miles and miles of fencing are done except for the gate  area, and, literally, the steel for the gates are laying on the ground.   Why in the world would you do construction and have it stop to say  you can build everything except close the gates?   The Border Patrol team has literally drug over some of the steel just  to be able to stack it in front of the gaps that are in the fence here  to keep vehicles from driving through and try to put different barriers  there and try to slow down the traffic.   For every one of these gaps along these miles and miles of fence,  they are having to assign a Border Patrol agent there just to be able  to sit at that gap because it is the obvious place to literally be able  to walk through the fence.   There is only one reason that you would have a fence like this for  miles and miles and leave it open as a gap--to allow people through.  Worse than that, all the way through this construction area is just a  dirt path they used for construction. But in the contract itself, it  was set up to allow for the fence construction first. Remember, this is  a wall system. There is technology and wall.   Walls are medieval, I get that, but there is a reason we still use  fences in our backyard and still a reason we use fences as barriers  because they work. They slow people down from actually crossing that  barrier.   But it is a wall system in place. For miles and miles and miles in  the contract and as it is written, they put up the fence first, close  up the gates second, and then they finish the road so Border Patrol can  actually pass through here, even when it rains in this area, to have a  simple road passage there. Then they put in ground-based sensors so  they can detect when people are walking across. Then they put in lights  and cameras--all the technology we talk about in this room. I can't  remember how many times I have heard my Democratic colleagues say:  Fences are old. Let's just do the technology. Technology can help  manage this.   In this situation, the contract is out and done. The fence is already  installed, except for the gates, but no technology is there. So,  literally, the Biden team stops before what even they claim is the  effective part to stop people illegally crossing the border. The $1.6  billion was paused--that $1.6 that goes to simply closing the gates and  installing the technology. That is what remains. This is nonsensical.   I understand the Biden team and some of my Democratic colleagues want  a more open border. They have been clear on that. This does not provide  security for our Nation. This is the result of saying: I don't want any  more wall.   This is a nonsensical system on our southern border, with literally  open areas that you could drive a truck through and where Border Patrol  agents have to then sit at. Rather than  [[Page S1547]]  monitor large areas, they are stuck monitoring the open door.   Listen, we can have arguments about immigration, but, supposedly, we  all agree we should have border security--at least we used to. This  doesn't make sense. But this is now the reality, and it will sit like  this for we don't know how long--maybe forever--until we as a nation  determine this has to change.   It is an open invitation.   Have things really changed significantly on the border? Let me give  you an example that is pre-COVID--pre-COVID, February of last year,  before COVID came through. So don't say that things have changed in  COVID. In February of 2020, we had under 40,000 people who were  apprehended crossing our southern border that month--under 40,000 pre- COVID. That is a transition and an arrest process.   This February, with the only thing changing being the change of  Presidents, we had over 100,000 people illegally crossing the border.  One year later, we go from less than 40,000 to over 100,000.   This is a manufactured crisis that is happening on our border: a  halting of closing up the holes in the fence; statements that we are  going to do a moratorium, that we are not going to have anyone deported  anymore; changing the rules on unaccompanied minors to basically invite  them to come into the United States; and, again, statements like,  ``Caravans, I will just tell them to pause; we are not quite ready for  you yet.''   That is really not going to be a pause at all. That is going to be an  invitation. That is not me saying that. It is the thousands and  thousands of people who are coming to be able to connect with relatives  who are already here and to be able to walk through a process, to be  able to go around our visa application process and go around legal  immigration.   I remind us as a country that we allow a million people a year to  legally come to the United States and become citizens--a million people  a year. We are not a stingy nation in engaging with legal immigration.  There is a right way to do it, and we welcome people to do it the right  way. This is welcoming people to do it the wrong way, and that does not  help our security as a nation.   I yield the floor.   