 I thank Senator Boozman.   Mr. President, Police Officer Kevin Dale Apple of the Pea Ridge  Police Department protected the community he loved for 23 years, but  Officer Apple's long and honorable career in law enforcement was cut  tragically short just a couple of weeks ago.   It all began with a call to ``be on the lookout'' for a blue Jeep  that was fleeing from police in Rogers. Officer Apple and a fellow  officer spotted the vehicle at a convenience store, and they sprang  into action, approaching the car to speak to its occupants. When they  did, the driver of the Jeep rammed one of their police cars and then  struck Officer Apple, dragging him to his death. He succumbed to his  injuries at the age of 53.   Officer Apple's death is a tragedy and a crime, but it is also a  reminder; it is a reminder of the grave danger that police officers  face across the country every day when they put on the bulletproof vest  and leave home, not knowing whether they will go home that night to  take it off. This year alone, in being barely halfway through the year,  162 law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty across our  country.   Officer Apple's death is also a reminder that, every time an officer  approaches a suspect, he or she may be exposed to hidden threats, which  may be a concealed weapon or, in this case, a vehicle that has been  transformed into an instrument of death. All of the comfortable critics  of the police who love to second-guess their every move, while officers  are under incredible stress and danger in the heat of the moment, can  stand to learn that sobering fact.   Officer Apple's death is also a warning of the tragic consequences of  ill-  [[Page S4877]]  conceived, soft-on-crime policies. The woman who killed Officer Apple,  Shawna Cash, was known by police long before that fateful day. She was  facing multiple counts of theft and other drug-related offenses, but  she was reportedly released from jail due to the coronavirus.   When criminals get let out of jail and are put back on our streets,  tragedy tends to follow. A brave officer would still be alive today if  his killer had remained behind bars. The trade-off here should be  obvious. This criminal, with a rap sheet longer than your arm, should  have remained in jail, and Officer Apple should have gone home to his  friends and his family. For every future Shawna Cash who gets let out  of jail early because of the coronavirus or soft-on-crime policies or  other foolish and naive reasons, just remember: There could be another  Officer Apple or another murder victim or rape victim.   Like every victim of the terrible murder wave sweeping our Nation,  Officer Apple's life mattered. He leaves behind loved ones like Dalene,  his mother, and Kyle, his brother. He leaves behind fellow officers and  comrades who remember his jokes and his goofy sense of humor. He leaves  behind a legacy of 23 years of honorable, courageous service to his  fellow Arkansans.   Officer Apple will not be forgotten, and we must never forget the  lawmen who lay down their lives to keep the rest of us safe. We will  respect Officer Apple's memory just as we respect every law enforcement  officer who wears the badge with honor.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  previously scheduled at 11:30 a.m. start now.   