 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on  this very, very important piece of legislation.   The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act will make critical  investments, not just in roads and bridges. This legislation will also  invest in transit, rail, electric vehicle charging stations, electric  buses, airports, ports, water, energy, environmental remediation, and  high-speed broadband internet. I will focus on this last category, the  $65 billion for broadband.   Millions of Americans are not connected to the internet. In my home  State of South Carolina, nearly 1 in 10 households lack access to an  internet connection, and even more cannot afford service. As a result,  they cannot work remotely, cannot learn remotely, and cannot access  telehealth. The internet is as essential to the 21st century as  electricity was to the 20th century, and far too many Americans are  left out.   That is why I worked closely with the House Rural Broadband Task  Force, Chairman Pallone, and members of the Energy and Commerce  Committee to craft comprehensive legislation to make high-speed  broadband accessible and affordable for all. Our bill passed the House  last Congress as part of the Moving Forward Act.   While the legislation we are considering today doesn't include that  bill in its entirety, and more action will be required, it does  incorporate many of our bill's essential principles. It gives  preference to future-focused infrastructure, prioritizes persistent  poverty communities, and includes oversight and accountability  mechanisms.   The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act also invests in  affordability and adoption. It requires an affordable option to be  offered on newly-funded networks, extends the monthly discount on  internet bills, and funds digital equity and inclusion projects.   Throughout our Nation's history, communities in most need of Federal  funds have all too often been the last in line.   Together with the Build Back Better Act, the Infrastructure  Investment and Jobs Act will make America's greatness accessible and  affordable for all Americans. I urge passage of this legislation.   