 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for  yielding.   I stand here alongside my colleagues in solidarity that we should be  standing with the Afghans who stood together with our men and women in  uniform. There is zero question that we should do that, and every  veteran that I represent in the Texas 21 District shares that, as we  have heard here on this floor.   I am supportive of that underlying principle, however, a self- executing manager's amendment was included that I had concerns with. It  expands the program to include nonprofits and grantees, private  organizations, that contributed to the United States mission in  Afghanistan.   We don't know who would be included. We don't know how many people  would now be eligible.   It expands the program to individuals who worked for the  International Security Assistance Force without the need to perform  sensitive and trusted activities for the United States forces. These  people do not have to be Afghans, and we don't know how many people  this would be. It weakens the standard for qualification.   Under current law, an alien has to verify that they have experienced  or are experiencing an ongoing serious threat as a consequence of the  alien's employment by the United States Government.   The new standard is, has asserted a credible basis for concern about  the possibility of an ongoing or serious threat. A credible basis for  concern about the possibility of is concerningly low, lower than even  the credible fear standard of significant possibility we currently  employ.   The bill allows for another 8,000 principal aliens to be granted this  special immigrant status. We agree we want to try to help those  principal aliens. There are 10,000 currently unused. That would be  about the 18,000 number. Let's also remember that we have 3\1/2\ people  come in per person on average. We have had about 125 to 130,000 folks  come in. This would be about another 75 to 80,000. That does not  include dealing with the NGOs.   So we are now massively expanding this program, which means we are  going to be back down here at the well talking about new numbers and  more expansions based on nebulous standards with respect to NGOs and  private entities that aren't individuals who worked for the United  States Government directly alongside our men and women in uniform.   That is more than concerning, and it brings me back to my final  point: We have got to restore regular order in this body. We are not  amending this, we are not debating it in committee, and we did not have  a hearing on the specific manager's amendment that was added. It was  just added, put on the floor, and put under the title of something that  everyone supports, which means, Mr. Speaker, that you are put in the  position of figuring out whether you are going to support the  underlying matter while all these things are added to it which have  serious concerns we should have debated in committee and debated and  amended on the floor.   