 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is scary. This is frightening, what is happening.   With less than 1 hour of debate, the Democrats bring a rule to the  floor that says this: You can say anything you want about the President  of the United States of America, no rules of decorum about what you say  about the leader of our country.   In that rule, they say: If you don't wear a mask, you could get  fined, no regard to whether you have already had COVID, whether you  have had the vaccination. Your mask slips down a little bit, you get  fined, in a rule with no debate?   In this rule, they say: To walk on the House floor, you have to go  through a metal detector, a Member of the United States Congress  walking on the floor to represent three quarters of a million people in  our district?   And fourth, the rule is for the bill that says we should tell the  Vice President of the United States to work to remove the President of  the United States.   I have been here 14 years. I have never seen anything like this. And  I do not know where this ends. I do not know where it ends, but it is  dangerous where they are taking us.   You couple this with what we are seeing with the cancel culture mob  out there, I do not know where this takes us.   I fear for the First Amendment. I fear for the Second Amendment. I  fear for the Bill of Rights. I fear for the Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, I do not know where this takes us, but it is scary what  they are throwing in a bill that we are going to debate for less than  an hour, making these kinds of changes. I hope they reconsider.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  the great State of California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes the gentleman from Arizona  (Mr. Biggs).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Georgia (Mrs. Greene).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time each side has  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Steube).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Fallon).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gaetz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Florida an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this past year, government told Americans: You can't go  to church, you can't go to work, you can't go to school.   One hour ago, Democrats told Republicans, new rules--new rules for  the House.   Today, you can say anything you want about the President, no rule on  decorum, no rule about attacking personality. They can say anything  they want, and we see we have done that.   Today, on the floor, you have to wear a mask. If your masks comes  below your nose, you are going to get fined.   And in order to come in here and debate and constitutionally  represent  [[Page H142]]  your constituents, the 750,000 people we all get the privilege of  serving, you had to walk through a metal detector.   And they did all those changes with less than 40 minutes of debate.   And, tomorrow, they are going to impeach a President, a President who  is leaving office in 8 days--8 days before there will be a peaceful  transfer of power, just like there has been every other time in  American history. But they are going to do impeachment. They are going  to do it, again.   They have been obsessed with it. It is truly an obsession. People on  the Democrat side started calling for impeachment the day President  Trump was inaugurated. They attacked him before he even won the first  election, before he won in 2016. They attacked him that summer when  they started their investigation.   This is scary, where this goes, because this is more than about  impeaching the President of the United States; this is about canceling  the President and canceling all the people you guys disagree with. That  is what scares me more than anything.   We have seen it play out over the past several days. I never thought  I would see the things that we are now witnessing. I don't know where  it ends, but I will tell you what: It should scare us all.   And I said this in the Committee on the Judiciary--and the gentleman  from Maryland will remember this--the cancel culture doesn't just go  after conservatives and Republicans. It won't just stop there. It will  come for us all. That is what is frightening.   And I hope you all recognize that and that at some point we can unite  and actually do things that help those folks back home that we all get  the privilege of representing.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  Mexico (Ms. Herrell).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Davidson).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, what happened at the Capitol on January 6 was as wrong  as wrong can be. It is not what America is about, and we condemn this  violence. We commend the men and women of the Capitol Police for their  bravery, and we mourn the loss of those lives that were taken last  week.   Republicans have been consistent. We condemn the violence last  summer; we condemn the violence last week. Democrats have been  consistent about one thing: their endless quest to overturn the 2016  election. They are still trying to overturn the 2016 election after the  2020 election. This has been an obsession with the Democrats.   In the first round, the first impeachment was based on the anonymous  whistleblower. The majority tried to remove the President from office  based on a guy whom we weren't allowed to see, know who he or she was,  and couldn't cross-examine; who was an anonymous whistleblower with no  firsthand knowledge; who was biased against the President; and who  worked, interestingly enough, for Joe Biden.   So continuing this quest is not, as has been said so many times on  the floor tonight, what the country needs. It is not what the country  needs, particularly after the year the country has lived through.   I hope we will not vote for this, that this thing will go down, and I  urge my colleagues to vote against the resolution sponsored by the  gentleman from Maryland.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   