 Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Chairman Takano  and Ranking Member Bost for their work in putting together this  comprehensive group of bills today to support our veterans, including  this bill, and I appreciate their support for it.   I rise in support of this legislation, the Improving VA  Accountability to Prevent Sexual Harassment and Discrimination Act, a  bill that I introduced, along with Representative Hinson.   This bipartisan, bicameral bill will take critical steps to combat  sexual harassment by updating VA's antiquated policies and structure,  in addition to creating stronger reporting requirements.   We know that at least 1 in 4 women and 1 in 10 men who have served in  the military are survivors of sexual assault, harassment, or abuse.   At the VA, we know that at least 1 in 4 women veterans and 1 in 4  women employees experience sexual harassment in healthcare settings.   It is simply unacceptable that someone who has proudly served our  Nation is subjected to sexual harassment in the institution whose  charge it is to serve them.   It is long past time for us to make systemic change at the VA that  will honor the service of our veterans and healthcare providers and  keep people safe.   This is commonsense legislation that came out of an Oversight and  Investigation Subcommittee hearing that we held last July. We heard  from the GAO and the VA on this issue. While important steps have been  made by the VA in the recent past, this is important legislation that  is going to continue to improve this situation and make the kind of  long-lasting change that is long overdue.    I urge my colleagues to pass this commonsense bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ranking Member Bost,  for introducing this legislation. I was proud to support it alongside  my colleague, Tracey Mann, from the Oversight and Investigations  Subcommittee. It is the VA Transparency & Trust Act of 2021.   Now, the COVID-19 pandemic and economic crisis turned our world  upside down, and it hit our veteran community especially hard. The  issues our veterans faced before the pandemic  [[Page H2364]]  have only been exacerbated by COVID-19, and they contend with a new  host of health and financial hardships.   That is why I joined with many in this Chamber to strongly urge for  support to our veterans in COVID-19 relief packages, including the  American Rescue Plan. That plan provided a much-needed investment in  the VA, but we must all work together to ensure that this funding is  used effectively to support our veterans and to increase the quality  care that they receive.   As chair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee,  eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse, and ensuring veterans get the care  they have earned is a top priority.   This legislation would require the VA to report to Congress on the  emergency funding that it has already received. It will provide the  enhanced oversight that is warranted to ensure funds are being used  efficiently and in ways that are truly meeting the needs of those who  have served us all.   Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the veterans of  our military who, following their service, are housing insecure.   Although we have made significant strides in combating veteran  homelessness, the fact remains that more than 37,000 veterans are  homeless right now, and many more are worried about keeping a roof over  their heads.   That is why the Affordable Housing for Homeless Veterans Act is  needed. I introduced this bill with Subcommittee on Oversight and  Investigations Ranking Member Mann, and it is included as part of H.R.  2878 today.   This legislation will allow the VA to continue to acquire homes  through foreclosure, and then sell or lease these homes to veterans in  need of housing.   This much we know: A veteran who has sworn to give everything for the  United States, up to and including their life, should not be without a  roof over their head and a safe place to sleep when their service is  over.  [[Page H2372]]    As President Kennedy said of those who have served: ``As we express  our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is  not to utter words, but to live by them.''   Let's show our veterans our gratitude by addressing housing  insecurity and passing this legislation today, as well as the  underlying bill sponsored by Representative Gallego.   