 Mr. President, let me first begin by commending the  chairman for his extraordinary efforts. He led this process, let there  be no mistake about it. He rose to the challenges. This is the most  challenging NDAA for so many different reasons--because of the  pandemic, the need for social distancing in terms of hearings, the  whole scope of challenges that have arisen in the past few months--and  the chairman has done a remarkable job.   Let me start by saying that this is essential for our national  security. This bill is not optional. If we want to continue to maintain  our security for the United States, we have to pass this legislation.  It is that simple.   What does it do? Well, it does things that we have to do every year.  One, it provides for the support of our service men and women. I know  we are all celebrating New Year's Day here. It is kind of disconcerting  to be working when everyone else is partying, but if you feel a little  bit put upon, think about the soldiers in forward operating bases in  Afghanistan who are facing danger. Think about the ballistic  submariners protecting the United States. Think about the airmen who  flew the B-52 bombers. Think about them and their families, and I think  you will appreciate more what they do every day and what we do once in  a while.   One of the issues that the chairman spoke about is how cyber security  is essential. We based our efforts on an insightful report by the Cyber  Solarium Commission, headed by Senator Angus King and Congressman    Mike Gallagher.   Every day, we are learning more about the Russian penetration of our  whole national security apparatus and civilian companies. Just today,  Microsoft announced that they have been deeply penetrated by the  Russian intrusion, and I suspect it is very serious.   This legislation was done, remarkably, before we knew of such an  intrusion and responds specifically to this type of cyber breach on the  United States. It gives the Department of Homeland Security the  authority to audit other agencies in terms of their cyber security and  take other steps to hunt for threats. It is just the first step, but if  we don't take this step, we will be further behind.   Now, the other thing I want to point out, too, is echoing what the  chairman said about the Pacific Deterrence Initiative. We have  identified $2 billion that can be used--and we will focus upon how it  is used--to create a new strategy. This is really the first time that  we have stepped back and said: Let's set up a strategic posture that  recognizes the true threats that China is now presenting to us in the  Pacific. This is the first time we have done this.   What it does is it builds on our close relationships with key  allies--Australia, Japan, South Korea. It does that by a series of  steps--first, through command post exercises where we test our  communications; second, real exercises. With these steps, we are  building to a point where large-scale joint exercises involving not  only our key allies but other partners become possible. That will set  us up for the ability to deter China. When they see all of the nations  of the Pacific that have worked with us closely and that are prepared  to work with us, that will be a great deterrence. That is the goal of  this effort. So any suggestion that China is happy about this bill is  completely baseless.   Then finally, again, like the chairman, I must thank the staff, John  Bonsell and Elizabeth King and the staff and all the Members. Again, my  congratulations to the chairman for his great work.   I urge passage. Again, I think this is essential. As I said before,  there are thousands of soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and  coastguardsmen who are  [[Page S8001]]  on the watch as we speak. It is our obligation to them to give them the  tools they need to protect us.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this legislation is central to the national  security of the United States and to the welfare of the troops and  their families who defend us every day.   I would urge all my colleagues to vote to override the veto.   I want to thank Senator Inhofe for his leadership and congratulate  John Bonsell on the Republican side and Liz King on the Democratic  side.   Again, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill.   I yield the floor.   