 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it is typical for commentators to talk  about how China is no longer really a communist nation. Of course, only  the most ardent China apologist would question that China is still a  one-party, authoritarian state. It is just that the economic policies  pursued since the early 1980s are hard to square with Marxism-Leninism.   I want to say to everybody: Not so fast. The sixth plenary session of  the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party contained a brand  new historical resolution. This is only the third such paper since the  founding of the Chinese Communist Party. The first, historians will  remember, was when Mao Zedong put out one in 1945, and the second one  was Deng Xiaoping in 1981.   Now, revising the historical narrative has been used in the past to  set a stage for a whole new era in China and a whole new era for the  Communist Party. Most China watchers see this paper as a consolidation  of power by the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, Xi  Jingping. But to what end does he pursue? His rhetoric sounds more like  Mao than the Chinese leader--any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping.  General Secretary Xi's historical resolution reads as a break from  China's economic policies--what we thought was moving towards a free  market system since the 1980s, and until the last few years, I would  say it was moving towards a free market system. But it is too late to  turn back now, right? Well, don't be so sure. The Soviet Union pursued  its New Economic Policy as a short-term effort to strengthen the state  before returning to a more pure Marxism.   In a similar vein, General Secretary Xi has been cracking down on  non-state-owned businesses, giving seemingly no care to the cost to the  Chinese economy. General Secretary Xi's recent policies reportedly  wiped out up to $1 trillion in stock value. He is doing this under the  banner of so-called ``common prosperity,'' giving a socialist ideology  backbone to what seems to be a power play to put him in a position of  forever, the rest of his life, governing China.   American businesses need to pay attention to all this. Even if they  don't care about the slave labor camp full of Uighurs, even if they  don't care about the suppression of democracy in Hong Kong, if our  business leaders don't care about China's increasingly aggressive  military posture--even willing to look the other way to China's  stealing intellectual property and trade secrets--considering all that  for American business over there, I would urge extreme caution to any  business that still sees the Chinese market as a cash cow.   Many people thought China would become very democratic once it was  sufficiently capitalist. Maybe General Secretary Xi is worried about  just that--being too capitalistic, making too many people successful  without the help of the government. So if anyone thinks that General  Secretary Xi would not dare sacrifice economic growth in the pursuit of  power, think again.   Emerging market funds with a lot of exposure to China ought to think  about rebalancing. Pension funds that are overexposed to the Chinese  market are risking wiping out the retirement savings of American  workers, just like we have seen so far--$1 trillion less value in  Chinese stocks because of General Secretary Xi's policies.   My advice, then, to American business is that China is not a safe  bet--surely, not the safe bet that many American businessmen thought it  was. So a little bit of advice: Anyone investing in China ought to go  in with open eyes and a big tolerance for risk as long as General  Secretary Xi goes down this line of accumulating political power and  not caring about destroying what private sector is left there.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   