 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my good friend,  Representative Hill's, SAVE Act, H.R. 3146. As my good friend from  Arkansas said, I am proud to be the lead cosponsor of this bill. The  tailored focus on this bill on the supply chain portion of the Defense  Production Act will help us in future preparedness for public health  emergencies.  [[Page H2456]]    Among other things, it requires a detailed plan from the President to  secure the medical material supply chain. Additionally, it amends the  DPA, the Defense Production Act, to include medical materials among  critical materials for which the supply chain must be secured.   As my good friend knows, we need to be prepared not only for this  pandemic, unfortunately, for other medical emergencies that may come.  We have heard that we may be entering an era of pandemics and we must  be prepared.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Arkansas for his leadership,  and I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill's passage.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the COVID-19  Emergency Medical Supplies Enhancement Act, H.R. 3125, because I agree  with my good friend from Arkansas that we don't want to get caught at  low tide with no bathing suit. In fact, that is a very bad idea.   The administration has been extremely effective in using the Defense  Production Act to help produce vaccines and PPE. Following these  efforts, cases and deaths have declined significantly. My bipartisan  bill will support the current use of DPA and facilitate its use in the  future to save lives.   This bill amends the DPA to explicitly include public health  emergency preparedness as a core activity for national defense, as was  mentioned by my good friend from Arkansas.   It also provides guidance to create an outreach representative who  would act as the point person for Federal and private engagement to  increase production of medically necessary materials.   It also requires the administration to provide a much-needed report  clearly conveying the Federal contracts awarded under the DPA  authorities.   Finally, it requires additional reporting on the percentage of  contracts awarded to small businesses.   I urge the administration to disaggregate data on small businesses  awarded the DPA contracts. We need to clearly see the number of  contracts going to individuals from underserved communities, including  communities of color, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.   I am proud to have introduced this bill with my good friend from  Arkansas, Representative Hill; and also my colleagues as cosponsors,  Representatives Taylor, Ryan, and Gonzalez-Colon. In a bipartisan  manner, we have recognized the importance of public health emergency  preparedness, including PPE and vaccine production.   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   I also want to say that too many people in our Latino communities  have died due to this virus. So, please, now that the vaccine is  available, protect yourselves and protect our community--get vaccinated  today.   Tambien quiero decir que demasiadas personas de nuestras comunidades  Latinas han muerto por este virus. Entonces, por favor, ya que la  vacuna esta disponible, protejanse y protejan a nuestra comunidad-- vayanse a vacunar hoy.   