 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to serve as the lead Democratic cosponsor of  the bill introduced by my friend from Ohio (Mr. Chabot), the Foundation  of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act of 2021.   The Federal Bar Association is the primary voluntary bar association  for attorneys, both in the private and public sectors, who practice in  the Federal courts. The bill will permit the foundation to better  fulfill its role as the only institution chartered in America by  Congress to promote the Federal administration of justice, the  advancement of Federal jurisprudence, and the practice of law in the  Federal courts by providing it with the organizational flexibility that  it needs to grow and to adapt to its contemporary mission.   The original charter created a framework that has served FBA well for  the last six decades. During these years, the foundation has, indeed,  strengthened Federal jurisprudence and promoted legal education and  understanding at the Federal level, and it  [[Page H2986]]  has improved the lives of a lot of people.   One community outreach program I know about through a number of my  constituents is the Wills for Veterans initiative, which is a pro bono  project where the FBA chapters provide the drafting of wills and  signing services for veterans in our communities.   Another initiative set up the Dr. J. Clay Smith Jr. Diversity in the  Legal Profession Scholarship program, which aims to promote diversity  in the profession and to promote the inclusion of racially and  ethnically diverse students in law schools and in the work of the  Federal Bar Association.   All of these programs and initiatives broaden and strengthen the  legal community and need to be bolstered in the years ahead. To allow  the FBA greater flexibility to operate and grow as the legal community  changes, the current charter must be amended.   In its current iteration, the existing charter codifies strict  membership and governance requirements that constrain member  development and nimble governance of the organization. This rigidity  presents serious challenges as the organization seeks to expand its  critical educational and charitable work.   H.R. 2679 makes technical fixes to the charter that will give the FBA  the needed flexibility to advance its mission in the 21st century. In  the place of legislatively fixed membership criteria, it permits FBA to  establish and update membership criteria through the bylaws process  itself. Similar provisions authorize enhanced flexibility in the  composition and duties of the members of its board.   In general, the measure would enable the FBA to swiftly meet the  needs and the priorities of the organization and improve the  administration of Federal justice. I urge all colleagues to support the  legislation.   