 Mr. President, the Senate will soon vote on President  Biden's nomination of my neighbor and fellow Oregonian, Jennifer Sung,  to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.   I guess I ought to save everybody some suspense. I am proud to  support her nomination, and I just want to take a few minutes to talk  about why she deserves the support of all Senators.   First, with respect to her qualifications, Ms. Sung is a graduate of  Oberlin College and Yale Law School. As a student, she volunteered to  represent low-income patients at a local hospital. As a legal fellow at  the Brennan Center for Justice, she fought on behalf of workers who  toiled in poor conditions for little pay. In private practice, she  defended the rights of all people in our country to work in safe and  fair conditions, to get the healthcare they need, and to freely  exercise their constitutional rights.   Currently, Ms. Sung serves as a member of Oregon's Employment  Relations Board. That is the board that adjudicates disputes over labor  practices and employment law. She has decided more than 200 cases in  that role. She has proven her impartiality, which I think we all  understand is fundamental to what we need in a justice. And she has  certainly shown her diligence and her commitment to justice. Her  qualifications, in my view, simply cannot be questioned.   Second, I have had the chance to get to know Ms. Sung personally  since her nomination, and what struck me is we both have a family story  that is only possible here in our great country. Members of her family  fled political persecution and violence in China in the 1940s--the  Wydens fled the terror or Nazis just a few years earlier--and they  barely spoke any English when they arrived here in their new home.   Our country provided safety and opportunity for my family and for Ms.  Sung's family. And I have always found that so many who have that  family story take a special interest in protecting the rights and the  freedoms Americans enjoy. That has been a hallmark of Ms. Sung's legal  career, and it is something, in my view, that all Senators ought to  support.   So I am proud to describe my Southeast Portland neighbor, Jennifer  Sung, as a talented, committed individual who will be a great asset on  the bench. She is going to be a superb judge.   I urge all my colleagues to support Jennifer Sung when we vote soon  on President Biden's nomination, Oregonian Jennifer Sung, to serve on  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   