 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Republican leader for yielding.   Similar to the previous amendment, I believe this amendment is  extremely misguided. In fact, on March 24 of this year, I invited both  Ms. Lee and Mr. Pocan to attend a classified briefing on the  existential threats we face in great power competition.   Mr. Speaker, instead of taking me up on that offer, they continue to  turn a blind eye. The chairs of the Defense Spending Reduction Caucus  don't want to learn about what the threats are. They don't want to  learn more about the critical capabilities that would be out of the  hands of our warfighters if this amendment were to pass.   I can stand here and tell that caucus about how this plus-up has $9.8  billion in procurement that is aimed directly at deterring China. That  means building additional ships, among other capabilities, to keep up  with China.   Or I can tell them that there is $3 billion for sustainment  operations that allow our warfighters to conduct global operations,  including humanitarian operations in places like Haiti.   Or I can tell them there is $3.8 billion for military construction to  improve facilities in districts across the country to make sure our  servicemembers aren't working in rundown facilities.   I can even tell them there is $5.2 billion for research and  development that assures our future servicemembers will have what they  need when called upon to do the job or to fight to victory and come  home safe.   But I don't think any of that is going to resonate because these  progressive Members don't want to learn about the existential threats  we face. These far-left Members just want to play progressive politics,  and that means weakening our national security.   To the rest of my colleagues here today, this plus-up is good for  national security and good for this country.   Mr. Speaker, you can ask any service branch chief or combatant  commander--because we have asked them--and they have told us these are  the things that they need going forward.  [[Page H4954]]    Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge everyone to vote against this amendment.   