 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 486, I call  up the bill (H.R. 239) to amend title 38, United States Code, to  provide for limitations on copayments for contraception furnished by  the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 239.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this is not the first time I speak in favor of  Representative Brownley's bill, H.R. 239, the Equal Access to  Contraception for Veterans Act, but I continue to advocate for this  bill because it is an essential component of supporting the fastest- growing population of our Nation's heroes, our 2 million women  veterans.   Last week, this bill was defeated on the suspension calendar when the  Family Research Council mobilized efforts with my colleagues in the  Freedom Caucus who suggested that the bill pushes a ``harmful  ideology.'' Distorting this debate into one about abortion, frankly,  does not make any sense at all.   I again remind my colleagues that this legislation passed out of our  committee with the support of Ranking Member Bost and through the House  last Congress with the support of former Ranking Member Dr. Roe. I know  that Dr. Roe is a fierce pro-life advocate, but as an OB/GYN, he  understood the importance of access to contraception.   Let me be clear. This bill brings veterans' contraception coverage on  par with care they received while on Active Duty from the Department of  Defense and coverage required by private health insurance providers to  all women in the United States since 2010--all women except those who  seek care from the VA.   Now, this bill is about healthcare. This bill is about access. This  bill is about equity, especially for our women veterans.   I thank Ranking Member Bost and Minority Leader McCarthy for their  leadership in support of this bipartisan bill.   Simply put, a ``no'' vote today is saying directly to veterans that  they deserve less healthcare than all other Americans. To me, the  choice is easy. Vote ``yes'' on H.R. 239. We cannot permit veterans to  be made second-class citizens.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Brownley), my good friend from my home State, and the  chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Health, and also the author of this  very important piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I just want to say that extremism in the  defense of nonsense is not conservatism, it is still nonsense.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Mrvan), my good friend, and member of the House Committee on Veterans'  Affairs, and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Technology and  Modernization.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Underwood), my good friend and a member of the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and also a very active member of the  Health Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining?    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Lois Frankel), my good friend and new member of the House  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, where she also serves on the Health  Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Green), my good friend and a member of the Financial  Services Committee, where he is chairman of the Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu), my good friend and the chair of the Congressional  Asian Pacific American Caucus.     Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, let me just say that this bill by Ms. Brownley is  about providing equal access to contraceptions for our Nation's  veterans. To oppose this bill is to advocate for a situation where  veterans are made second-class citizens.   This bill is about contraception. Nowhere in the bill's text or in  the title does the word ``abortion'' even appear. I would ask my  colleagues who are in opposition to the bill to read the one-page text  very carefully. I think they will see that there is no reference to, in  any way, the word ``abortion.''   Madam Speaker, I would also say, I think it was H.L. Mencken who said  that consistency is often the hobgoblin of little minds.   For those Members who voted against this bill, you know, in fear of  the moment, they can reconsider their vote and, I think, get on the  right side of the issue in terms of equality for our veterans.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms.  Schakowsky), my colleague and very good friend, the chairwoman of the  Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Commerce.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the honor and courage with which my  counterpart, Ranking Member Bost, has defended and stood up for the  truth. And the truth is, H.R. 239 by Chairwoman Brownley is about  providing equal access to contraception to America's veterans.   A ``no'' vote on this bill--and I will say it again--a ``no'' vote on  this bill is a vote to make our veterans second-class citizens.   Every other American under every other plan in this country, whether  it is in private healthcare, because we passed the Affordable Care Act  and said that every American is entitled to preventative services,  including contraception, since 2010, or Active Duty servicemembers  under the Department of Defense who are able to access contraception  without copays--Ms. Brownley's bill simply makes veterans on equal  footing with all other Americans.   A ``no'' vote on this bill is to make our veterans second-class  citizens, and I say of those who make that vote: Shame on them.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I  yield back the balance of my time.   