 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1448, the  PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act. As a Major General in the Ohio National  Guard and a Congressman who represents 43,000 veterans in my district,  I know the struggle of the invisible wounds of war.    I have met with a Vietnam veteran who was unable to leave his house  for decades, a soldier who was deployed to Iraq who, when he returned,  was addicted to heroin for 7 years, and another who was under my  command in Operation Iraqi Freedom. His only goal was to take his  fiancee out to dinner.   Unfortunately, these three stories are not unique, but these three  have happy endings. By working with service dogs, these veterans got  their lives back. Under the status quo, veterans aren't able to access  this lifesaving treatment that these three veterans have gotten. We  have a chance today to change that by passing this bill.   The PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act would establish a pilot program.  This is not even a permanent program; it is a pilot program at the VA  to provide grants to local service dog training organizations so the  veterans can benefit  [[Page H2214]]  from work-therapy by learning the art and science of training a dog for  service. After graduation, the veteran can adopt their canine partner  if the veteran and/or his VA health provider agree that that veteran  will benefit from continuing courses of treatment from that therapy  dog.   I have seen the peer-reviewed information from Kaiser-Permanente and  Purdue University that shows that these programs work. They reduce the  amount of psychotropic drugs that these veterans are on. They reduce  suicide. They improve overall mental health.   Today, we lose 22 veteran and Active Duty members a day to suicide.  We can't let that go on. This can help that effort. It is a small price  to pay. We can't afford to wait any longer.   I am, today, calling for us to pass this bill today, take it to the  Senate, get it hotlined and signed and on the President's desk by  Memorial Day.   I do want to thank the bipartisan folks who have helped on this:  Chairman Takano; Ranking Member Bost; Representative Rice, our lead  cosponsor; now-Governor Tim Walz, who was the sponsor in the last  Congress; the floor leader Steny Hoyer; now-Governor DeSantis; Sheriff  Rutherford; Dr. Dunn; Representative Slotkin; and Representative  Sherrill. They have all played a very important role.   I want to thank the staff on Mr. Bost's team, Samantha Gonzalez,  Christine Hill, Maria Tripplaar; on Mr. Takano's staff, Matt Reel and  Heather O'Beirne Kelly. Lastly, I want to thank my legislative  director, Mimi Bair, for all her hard work, and my chief of staff,  Nick, for his hard work on this as well.   I know this is asking for a parting gift, but I would ask you all  vote ``yea'' on this bill. I look forward to seeing this signed soon. I  want to thank my colleagues for their bipartisan effort on this and  earnest work to help our veterans.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   