 Mr. President, I rise today to seek unanimous consent to  confirm Amanda Howe, President Biden's nominee to be the next Assistant  Administrator for Mission Support at the Environmental Protection  Agency.   I believe that my friend Senator Lee is going to object to this  consent request. I hope when he does that he will explain his objection  to this extremely qualified nominee.   I have known the nominee for more than 20 years and can speak  directly to her talents and abilities. Amanda held a number of roles in  the Commonwealth of Virginia, including serving as my assistant  secretary of commerce and trade during my 10 years as Governor.   Amanda also served then-Governor Kaine's administration and Governor  McAuliffe's administration and has held other leadership positions,  including serving as deputy and then acting chief of staff to Mayor  Bill de Blasio in New York.   Amanda led the planning and organization of the Queen's visit to  Virginia in 2007, when we celebrated 400 years of connection to the UK.  She helped plan the first-ever ticker tape parade for the U.S. women's  soccer team to celebrate the first World Cup victory. She organized  Pope Francis's visit to New York.   Beyond being a talented operator, Amanda also possesses a wealth of  knowledge on issues under the EPA's purview, having worked on roles  focused on renewable energy.   Amanda has been nominated to lead the EPA's Office of Mission  Support, which directs the Agency's efforts to  [[Page S9176]]  improve efficiency, coordination, and customer experiences for internal  and external stakeholders and the public, including the protection of  EPA's facilities and other assets nationwide that are terribly  important to our government; IT management, for example, inside the  EPA.   It is my strong belief that Amanda has the requisite knowledge,  expertise, and experience to carry out these critical functions at EPA.   I am also very proud of the fact--and I thank the chair and ranking  member of the EPW committee--that she got passed out on a voice vote.   Now is the time to confirm Amanda so she can begin to oversee these  critical management activities at the EPA.   So I, therefore, ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 560, Amanda Howe, of  Virginia, to be Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection  Agency; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no  further motions be in order to the nomination and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    It is my understanding your concern with the nominee is  not about the nominee's qualifications.    Thank you.   I thank the Senator from Utah.   Mr. President, I do hope this matter is resolved. I believe Amanda  needs to be installed and doing her job. She has been up for this  nomination literally for months.   I also feel this is just one more example--I think probably every  Member of the Senate, including the Presiding Officer, has a number of  individuals he supports. I know many of my colleagues on the Republican  side have nominees they support. The kind of blanket holds that are  taking place on way too many of our nominees means that this President  can't put in place his team.   The Presiding Officer was a Governor. He is about to be replaced by  another Governor. I was a Governor. I can't imagine running an  administration a year into my term if I didn't have two-thirds of my  appointees serving in office.   The Presiding Officer, I know--I will end very briefly--is an  extraordinarily valuable member of the Intelligence Committee. We see  America's national security concerns on a daily basis. Those national  security concerns will be better met when every major nation in the  world has an American Ambassador. It is great that we have State  Department personnel, but without that Ambassador in these offices-- Amanda is not up for ambassadorship, but there are a host of  Ambassadors in critical nations that need to be confirmed.   I hope--as we wind down these last few days of this session before  the end of the year, I implore my friends on the Republican side, give  these folks who have waited for months and months and months a kind of  assurance of their ability to serve, especially when they are  noncontroversial. Please remove their objections. Stop objecting. Let's  let the government have these people, personnel in place. I hope Amanda  Howe will be one of those. I look forward to my friend from Utah  resolving this issue.   I thank the Presiding Officer for listening to my extra 5 minutes.   I yield the floor.   