 Mr. President, I know that Senator Grassley is going to  join us momentarily, so I will cut in line until he arrives. But I  would like to thank Senator Crapo for his leadership in organizing  this.   It is a little odd to be doing this on the Senate floor when we  should be having markups and hearings in the Senate Finance Committee,  but the Senate Finance Committee has not been considering any of this  proposed legislation despite the fact that we are dealing with New  Deal-size and -level legislation. Yet the Finance Committee is not  considering it, so I thank Ranking Member Crapo for bringing us to the  floor.   I want to talk about some of these taxing and spending issues, but I  want to make it clear that I am not here to talk about this because I  am obsessed about the marginal tax rates for the top 1 percent of  Americans. I am not. It is not why I ran for office. But I am here  today to talk about this because, as a China hawk, I am obsessed with  the fact that the American people, the American Government, American  technology companies and lots of companies that aren't today thought of  as technology companies but will increasingly be technology companies  operating in different verticals--I am obsessed with the fact that our  firms and our people are going to need to be able to compete with the  Chinese Communist Party.   The future of everything, from technology to trade, to global  security and defense issues, is going to go one of two ways: It is  either going to be led by the Chinese Communist Party or it is going to  be led by the United States  [[Page S6569]]  and our allies and Western values. The future of not just global  economics but global security policy over the next 3 and 5 and 7 and 10  years is going to be radically shaped by which direction we go.   Failure is not an option. This next century is going to be defined  either by oppression, censorship, and brutality--the sorts of things  that we are seeing in Xinjiang right now as the Uighurs are brutally  oppressed by the Chinese Communist Party--or we are going to see a  world that is led by Western values and beliefs in trade and human  rights and open navigation of the seaways and transparent contracts and  the rule of law.    That is the proper context in which we should be considering this  taxing-and-spending debate, and it would be helpful for the American  people if we would discuss President Biden's tax-and-spending spree in  the context of that global technology and diplomatic competition with  the CCP because these dangerous policies in this $3.5 trillion or  whatever pricetag it is going to end up at--this piece of omnibus  legislation is going to hurt our ability to compete against Beijing.   Spending is out of control. The American people, last November, just  10 months ago, elected an evenly divided Senate. Yet somehow  progressives believe they have a mandate to radically remake America.  You actually hear a lot of them use language about radically  transforming America, as if an American public that voted for a 50-50  Senate was voting for some sort of radical remaking of American policy  as a newer-new, bigger-big New Deal.   They have spent trillions of dollars that we don't have already this  year, and now they are looking to add another $3.5 trillion to expand  cradle-to-grave government propositions about how government should  interfere and interact with the average American's life.   Well, what is government? What a government is supposed to be is a  compact for the common defense. The first and most fundamental  principle that government exists to do is make sure that everyone is  free from violence and chaos and tyranny so that they can organize  their lives and local communities. That is the first thing government  is supposed to be. Yet we also believe that government has some social  safety net responsibilities.   Stated in a summary fashion, you might say that the government is  supposed to be the army and we also have some social safety net  insurance programs attached to them. It seems like, when you listen to  Senator Sanders speak, he thinks of it exactly the opposite: The  government is a giant insurance company that just happens to own a  navy. And sometimes it sounds like he doesn't even really care if we  own a navy; he just conceives of the government as a giant insurance  program where everything is compulsory and government decides what  programs people need to have and what services they want. The vast  majority of the American people don't want that and they didn't vote  for that, and a 50-50 Senate shouldn't be trying to deliver that.   This year, the President and my Democratic colleagues have increased  spending in every area--social, environmental, and economic policy- related. If there was an opportunity to spend over the course of the  last 8\1/2\ months, they have taken it. A couple trillion here, a  couple trillion there, and pretty soon, you are talking about real  money.   Now it is time to pay the piper, and my colleagues are talking about  raising taxes. But this isn't just any tax hike we are talking about.  When you look at the corporate rates that we are looking at, we would  be talking about the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized  world. These are just the new taxes. Yet even that doesn't pay for all  of the new spending. So we are talking about new legislation that would  radically raise taxes to the highest corporate tax rates in the  industrial Earth and yet still not pay for all of the new spending they  are talking about. When deficits grow forever, opportunities shrink.   We have a Member of the House of Representatives who, in her  supertelegenic way, figured out how to get attention last week by  wearing a dress that said ``Tax the Rich'' on the back of it. What the  dress should really read is ``Tax the Young'' because history tells us  very clearly that when you deficit-spend at the level they are talking  about doing here, this is a tax of current older and wealthier people  against younger people. That is how inflation works. That is how debt  and deficit work. The dress should have read ``Tax the Young.''   These are tax hikes that make communist China a much better business  environment than the United States. Under the President's plan,  Americans would have a 32-percent combined rate, compared to a much  smaller Chinese tax rate, at their baseline nominal level. But it is  important to recognize that the Chinese tax code currently incentivizes  high-tech businesses with an even lower 15-percent rate. So we are  talking about north of a 30-percent rate against the Chinese Communist  Party trying to make sure they attract investment by taxing their  technology and digital companies at a 15-percent rate. This is the  definition of shooting yourself in the foot.   My friends on the other side of the aisle are a lot of smart folks,  and they know that tax rates actually matter for international  investment and for competitiveness. One of the ways you know they know  is because, for months, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has been out  seeking a global minimum tax arrangement. She is admitting the obvious  truth--that a new tax increase will saddle American firms with a burden  that other companies across the globe don't have.   The CCP is not going to bail us out, as we would potentially raise  taxes to the highest rates in the world, by also raising their tax  rates to bail out President Biden's domestic agenda. Beijing looks at  our endless debt, at our entitlement crisis, at our tax hikes, at our  disunity, and they see a strategic advantage.   These China-friendly tax hikes would raise the cost of doing business  in America. These China-friendly tax hikes would drive innovation  overseas. These China-friendly tax hikes would lead to more corporate  inversions. These China-friendly tax hikes will hurt American R&D.   If you want the 21st century to be defined by global Chinese  Communist Party leadership, you would tax and spend just like this  legislation seeks to do. Reckless spending doesn't steward a great  nation. Super tax hikes do not promote innovation.   Competition with the Chinese Communist Party is the defining national  security issue of our time, whether my colleagues in this body want to  admit it on a regular basis or not. While the Chinese Communist Party  plunders American intellectual property, steals American ingenuity, and  pours investments into their state-run technologies, Washington is  debating whether or not we should punish innovative firms and  innovative Americans.   This isn't strong. This isn't smart. And the American people know  better.   I yield the floor to Senator Grassley.   