 Madam President, this week marks the 26th anniversary of  the worst domestic terrorist attack in history, and that was the  Oklahoma City bombing. Each year, we mark this solemn occasion, and  this year, we come together to do it again.   I remember that day so clearly where 168 people were murdered. I  remember the thundering cadence of the police officers, the firemen,  and all the first responders as they were going into the--standing  there watching them going into a burning building, risking their lives,  and many of them died. I had close friends who died that day, and I  know there were so many others who lost family and friends and loved  ones. It was a day that forever changed our proud State.   I was flying my plane back from the Mexican border to Tulsa, and I  didn't have quite enough gas. I had to make a stop in Dallas. I looked  up at the FBO, and there were crowds of people around that TV set in  Dallas. I went to see what they were watching, and I recognized it. It  was our downtown Oklahoma City buildings. The disaster had taken place,  and everyone was watching.   We could have let that moment define us and change us for the worse,  and it would have been a lot easier to do that, but that is not the  Oklahoma way. Second Corinthians reminds us to not lose heart in times  of struggle and tragedy, and Oklahoma did not lose heart. What arose  from the rubble that day was the Oklahoma Standard--strangers helping  strangers, giving sacrificially, and performing acts of service for  each other.   I also want to take a moment to recognize the work of the Oklahoma  City National Memorial & Museum. For the past two decades, they have  upheld their charge to honor those who were killed, those who survived,  and those who were changed forever.   So, today, please join me as we remember the victims, their families,  and loved ones, as well as extend our thanks to all the first  responders who were forever changed on April 19, 1995. Let's honor them  by taking a moment to rededicate ourselves to live the Oklahoma  Standard embodied in the actions of so many on that fateful day. We owe  it to them.   I yield the floor.   