 Mr. President, I object to the Senator's request for the  reasons that I have previously stated.   As the Senator from New York acknowledged, on July 2, President Biden  announced that he ``strongly supports'' the recommendations put forth  by Secretary Austin based on the work of the Independent Review  Commission that would reform how the military prosecutes sexual  assault-related crimes. Subsequent to the President's statement, the  administration forwarded to the committee their legislative proposals  to implement this reform.   I support and commend the President, the Secretary, and the IRC  leadership and staff for their work, and I look forward to working with  them and the administration and my colleagues, particularly my  colleagues on the Armed Services Committee, to enact this historic and  momentous change to the Department of Defense.   Sexual assault is an unconscionable crime and a pervasive problem in  the military and in American society. While the military has taken  steps to try to stop sexual assault in the ranks, it simply hasn't been  enough. I strongly agree with the President's statement that ``sexual  assault in the military is doubly damaging because it also shreds the  unity and cohesion that is essential for the functioning of the U.S.  military and to our national defense.''   While this change will be important, enhancing prevention, education,  and command climate and culture will also be vital. If this reform to  the UCMJ is the only thing we do, then I think that it will not be  successful on its own. We need to prevent these crimes, not simply  prosecute them.   I understand that my colleague from New York, Senator Gillibrand,  disagrees with the proposed scope of this reform. Nevertheless, I want  to acknowledge her leadership on this issue. She has fought for 8 years  for this reform, and that day, with respect to sexual assault, is  coming. Indeed, just as a footnote, the legislation that is being  advanced would include every crime incident to a sexual assault, so  that if a  [[Page S4823]]  victim is subject not just simply to sexual assault but to other crimes  in that incident, all those crimes are to be tried together. So the  need to import crimes like murder and arson and other nonsexual related  crimes is, in my view, not going to accomplish the goals that I think  this Senate has been focused on, particularly over the last 6 months or  so.   I intend to include the administration's proposals in next week's  markup at the annual Defense bill, subject to amendment. I think that  is important to know--subject to amendment, that the UC as proposed  would not allow amendments. It would not allow colleagues on the floor  to come up and say: I have a better idea. We will do that in the  committee, as we have always done it in the committee or at least tried  to do it in the committee.   I look forward to working with Senator Gillibrand and my other  colleagues in the committee as we consider, debate, and vote on this  and other proposals, but I still must reiterate my objection to the  unanimous consent request.   I yield the floor.   