 Mr. Speaker, what a sad and ominous way to begin the  117th Congress. Hasn't this body done enough in the last session to  divide our country and abuse our Constitution without carrying that  damage into the new session?   The 25th Amendment specifically addresses the incapacity of the  President to discharge the duties of his office. It was never intended  as a political weapon when Congress doesn't like the way he discharges  those duties.   Now, I have read that speech. He never suggested rampaging the  Capitol and disrupting the Congress. He urged them to--and this is an  exact quote--``peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard.''   Now, many of us Republicans joined a bipartisan vote to respect the  electoral college votes despite our suspicions, our misgivings, and our  desires. We did this because the Constitution commanded it and our  institutions depend on it. Now, today, those same principles should  compel a bipartisan vote to oppose this grotesque abuse of the 25th  Amendment.   Last week, the majority argued that the President tried to misuse the  Constitution to overturn the votes of the electoral college. Well, he  asserted no direct power. Rather, he urged the Vice President and  Congress to do so. Many of us declined his bad advice.   Yet, this week, the majority directly is asserting power to misuse  the 25th Amendment in a manner that does overturn the votes of the  previous electoral college. Don't they see that they are committing  directly the same offense they accuse the President of committing  indirectly?    Every act we take builds a precedent for future acts. Once Congress  asserts  [[Page H135]]  this new role as armchair psychiatrists and a new power to equate  intemperate speech with functional disability, the most important  pillars of our government--stability, the rule of law, and the  separation of powers--will fracture.   It won't affect this President, but it will stalk future Presidents  from this day forward. For their sake, please don't do this.   