 Mr. President, I rise today to join my good friend from  Arkansas, John Boozman, who is the ranking member on our Ag Committee.  He has organized this colloquy that we have to talk about how important  it is that we support our farmers and ranchers. I mean, in my home  State of North Dakota right now, we have terrible drought, and our  farmers and ranchers are up against it. I think the Presiding Officer-- I think in your State, you are having real drought as well.   So it is a tough time for our farmers and ranchers, and we need to be  out there doing everything we can to help them and support them, but  instead, the Biden administration is looking at tax increases. That is  going to be a big, big problem for them. So we are here today to talk  about that.   Our farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality, lowest cost  food supply in the world, and they continue to navigate bottomed-out  commodity prices, complex global trade uncertainties, unpredictable  weather, as I said, including drought this year in North Dakota and  across much of the West, and also the COVID pandemic. So they have been  dealing with all of these things.   Throughout these numerous challenges, our producers have continued to  put food on the shelves at supermarkets and on the tables of families  around the world, not just in this country but around the world. In  this country, every single American benefits every single day from what  our farmers and ranchers do, and that is, produce the highest quality,  lowest cost food supply in the world.   Yet, rather than help improve the economic outlook for our producers  and strengthen our ag supply chain, the Biden administration has put  forth tax-and-spend policy proposals that would further increase the  cost of food production, harm family farmers and ranchers, and reduce  our economic growth, all as we are working to recover from the COVID-19  pandemic.   The trillions that Democrats in Congress have already spent this year  have led to a $2.2 trillion deficit through the first 9 months of the  fiscal year, and we are on track to end the year with a deficit of more  than $3 trillion, the second largest deficit since World War II. With  our national debt already at $28 trillion, we simply cannot afford to  spend more.   The American people are beginning to feel the impact of those  spending policies. The prices of consumer goods are increasing at the  fastest rate since 2008. Just last week, the Department of Labor  released data showing that inflation has increased to 5.4 percent, the  largest year-over-year gain since 2008. This includes farm country,  where producers are facing increased costs for everything from  fertilizer to fencing supplies, to combines and tractors.   As we watch inflation grow faster than American workers' paychecks,  wiping out wage gains and leaving American families behind, the Biden  administration is planning an even larger, $3.5 trillion tax-and-spend  package that will bring economic harm to American workers, small  businesses, and farmers and ranchers.   For example, the Biden administration and Democrats in Congress have  proposed to eliminate stepped-up basis, a tax provision that prevents  family-owned farms and ranches from being hit with a crippling tax bill  when a family member passes away.   Under current law, when passing down a family farm or ranch to the  next generation, the tax basis is stepped up to fair market value,  preventing a large tax bill on the next generation of farmers.   In addition to increasing the tax bill on multigeneration farmers and  ranchers, repealing stepped-up basis would add significant complexity  to farmers' and ranchers' tax-filing process. In fact, when a  Democratic Congress previously tried to repeal stepped-up basis in the  1976 Tax Reform Act, it was labeled by the New York Times as  ``impossibly unworkable.'' Congress at the time must have agreed  because the provision was never implemented and was ultimately repealed  4 years later in 1980.   The impacts of a repeal of stepped-up basis would not only be felt by  our farmers and ranchers, but it would also impact small businesses and  their employees and supplementary services.   A recent report from Ernst & Young estimates the repeal of stepped-up  basis would result in the loss of 80,000 jobs in each of the first 10  years after the repeal and the loss of 100,000 jobs in each subsequent  year--80,000 jobs to 100,000 jobs.   Similarly, a study by the Texas A&M Agricultural and Food Policy  Center determined that more than 97 percent of the representative farms  in its 30-State database, including North Dakota, would be impacted by  a proposal to eliminate stepped-up basis, with an average additional  tax liability totaling nearly $725,000 per farm.   While the administration claims these changes would impact only 2  percent of farms, they have provided no explanation or data to support  those assertions.   With the average age of farmers in our country now nearing 60 years  old, now is not the time to burden the next generation of young farmers  and ranchers with massive, complex tax bills.   In addition, the Biden administration has proposed to eliminate the  use of 1031 like-kind exchanges, a provision that has been in the Tax  Code since 1921, which allows farmers and ranchers to defer taxes on  land transfers when they continue their investment in similar land  assets.   Farmers and ranchers use the 1031 like-kind exchanges for many  reasons. This includes consolidating land parcels to reduce time and  money they spend moving equipment, supplies, and commodities from one  place to another. Producers also consolidate cropland closer to their  livestock barns, crop storage facilities, or even as part of the estate  planning process to help young or beginning farmers join their  business.   In short, in the middle of the recovery from a global pandemic,  President Biden is proposing a massive tax-and-spend bill that will  harm our economic recovery, increase the cost of consumer goods, reduce  American competitiveness globally, and disproportionately hurt our  small businesses, our farmers, and our ranchers.   Instead, we need to get our debt and deficit under control and ensure  U.S. competitiveness in the global marketplace, while positioning our  farmers, ranchers, and ag supply chain to continue to produce the  highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world.   With that, I yield the floor.   