 Mr. President, I, too, rise in opposition to S. 1 and  urge a no vote.  [[Page S4677]]    The bill that the Senate will be asked to consider today is a truly  radical piece of legislation. It turns out, because of that, it is an  unpopular piece of legislation, the kind of bill the Senate was created  to help stop from becoming law. S. 1 seeks to transform the way we do  elections in this country and to do so on a narrow, partisan basis.   Here is what Americans need to understand about this legislation.   First, it would strip away the power of the States to run elections  and hand it to the Federal Government, showing a complete lack of trust  in local and State leadership.   It would also spend millions of taxpayer dollars to help politicians  run ads for their campaigns. Taxpayers would suddenly have to finance  partisan messages they may strongly disagree with, raising serious  First Amendment questions.   S. 1 would nullify sensible voter ID laws across the country,  including voter identification laws in predominantly Democrat States,  like Connecticut and Delaware.   And the legislation would also give the Federal Government the right  to draw congressional district lines, even though States have done this  since the beginning of our republic.   At its root, this bill is based on a myth. And I consider my words  here. It is based on a lie, and that lie is that voting rights are  somehow under attack in States like Georgia and Texas. This is utterly  absurd, and I think the voters in those States understand that. The  election reforms recently passed in Georgia, for example, have actually  expanded access to the ballot box, making it easier to vote, but also  making it harder to cheat.   The new Georgia law does this, among other things. It expands the  window for early voting. The new Georgia law allows no-excuse mail-in  voting to continue. It adds 100 new ballot dropboxes. It allows voters  to get a government-issued ID for free, and it increases transparency  in elections, for example, making sure the ballot counting does not  stop in the middle of the night, as we have seen in past elections.   These reforms are entirely reasonable and widely popular across  Americans and were based on broad input from the local stakeholders.   My colleagues who are pushing S. 1 say they are trying to save  democracy, but, in fact, the bill would actually harm democracy. S. 1  would undermine the security of the ballot box, causing more and more  Americans to question the outcome of our elections. We should be  working to strengthen trust in democracy, not weaken it.   The only thing bipartisan about this bill is the opposition to it. In  my home State of Mississippi, every Member of the House of  Representatives--Democrat and Republican--voted against this  legislation, including Democrat Representative Bennie Thompson, a  chairman of a committee in the House of Representatives, the chairman  of the Democratic National Convention of 2020, who said he voted  against it because it was opposed by his constituents.   The ACLU has come out against S. 1, saying that some provisions  ``unconstitutionally impinge on the free speech rights of American  citizens and public interest organizations''--hardly a rightwing  conspiracy group, the ACLU.   The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, along with 300 other organizations,  have said this legislation is ``fundamentally incompatible with the  American tradition and the principles enshrined in our Constitution.''   And when you ask the public about the specific proposals in this  bill, many Americans--conservative and liberal, Democrat, Republican,  and Independent--are outright opposed.   According to a recent poll, 81 percent of people say they are  concerned with allowing voters to vote without any form of photo ID.  Eighty-three percent say they are concerned with ballot harvesting  practices, this practice of having party operatives go door to door and  pick up large numbers of ballots to turn them in. Sixty-eight percent  of Democrats are opposed to so-called ballot harvesting. And 50 percent  of people say they oppose taxpayer dollars being used to pay for  political campaigns. This, again, cuts across party lines.   So it is clear that S. 1 is not popular. It is squarely at odds with  the views of the majority of the American people.   Every Senator who votes yes will need to prepare to explain to voters  why they wanted to overturn State voter ID protections, allow ballot  harvesting, force taxpayers to pay for political campaigns, and enact a  partisan Federal Election Commission. That is why S. 1 should be  rejected this afternoon, and that is why it will be rejected.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   