 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Margaret Strickland for the U.S. District Court for the  District of New Mexico.   For nearly 15 years, Ms. Strickland has served the people of New  Mexico as a public defender and a civil rights attorney. With her  extensive qualifications and distinguished career in public service,  Ms. Strickland will make an excellent addition to the New Mexico  District Court.   She began her legal career in the Law Offices of the Public Defender  for the State of New Mexico, a role in which she handled nearly every  type of criminal case. Over the years--and this is an amazing number-- she has tried nearly 90 cases. The vast majority of her practice has  been in Federal court.   Here in the Senate, Ms. Strickland boasts the strong support of her  home State Senators, Senators Heinrich and Lujan. Her nomination also  received bipartisan support in our Judiciary Committee. She received a  ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association.   And like so many of the nominees coming from the Biden  administration, she really shows professional diversity in her  background. As a former public defender and civil rights attorney, she  will offer a legal perspective that we often find missing from the  bench. She has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to equal justice  under the law, and as a judge, she will ensure that every voice is  heard in the courtroom.   I urge my colleagues to support her nomination.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California Mrs.  (Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    Would the Senator yield for a question?    If the Senator would yield for a question?    As the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, we have  joint committee jurisdiction between the Intelligence and the Judiciary  Committee in dealing with this nomination.   This is an extraordinary individual. And I have to raise the most  basic question, and that is: At this moment in history, is this the  right moment to leave this spot vacant? To not have someone in  leadership, a gentleman whom you have noted has bipartisan support for  his intelligence credentials?   You mentioned quite a few names of those supporting him. A couple of  the names of those supporting him that you did not mention: former NSA  Director, GEN Keith Alexander; former Director of National  Intelligence, Mike McConnell; Senator Saxby Chambliss, our friend and  former colleague who served on the Intelligence Committee as a vice  chair--all in support of Mr. Olsen's nomination.   And I would say, at this moment in history, without going into any  graphic detail or classified information, but to have this kind of  vacancy in this spot, do you believe this has an impact on our security  as a nation?    Thank you, sir.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.   