 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  447.   Coming from the construction industry, I know firsthand that  apprenticeships help Americans gain valuable skills that lead to good- paying jobs and long-lasting careers.   Before the COVID-19 pandemic hit, we had the greatest economy in the  world. Unfortunately, we have seen the negative impact this virus has  had on employment opportunities, and Congress should be working in a  bipartisan manner to get this economy back on track.   There is no doubt that skilled trades will play a crucial part in  economic recovery in the coming months. By encouraging more  apprenticeship programs, we can help American workers get back on their  feet while, simultaneously, helping employers meet their workforce  needs.   But the last thing American workers and businesses need is additional  bureaucratic red tape like those included in H.R. 447.   My Democratic colleagues are pushing forward an approach that doubles  down on burdensome mandates and will prevent more workers from  accessing apprenticeship opportunities by imposing a one-size-fits-all  Federal registered apprenticeship system, while doing nothing to  support other models.   I offered an amendment to today's bill that would uphold the Trump  administration's rule regarding the Department of Labor's Industry- Recognized Apprenticeship Programs, which provides companies an  alternative avenue to train skilled workers for their specific industry  needs, while allowing Americans to earn while they learn.   We should empower employers to innovate and develop their own  apprenticeship programs, not constrain them. Yet, per usual, my  Democratic colleagues blocked my amendment from consideration.   If you truly want unity and working across the aisle, then I urge my  colleagues to work with the Republicans on the House Education and  Labor Committee on a bipartisan bill that would encourage innovation  and flexibility into the apprenticeship model so that more Americans  can get back to work.   