 Madam President, first I would like to associate myself  with the remarks of the distinguished Senator from Oklahoma, who has  such a good insight into the impact of the Executive orders of the  Biden administration on his State, very similar to my State. The  concerns that he heard at home over the last 2 weeks are identical to  the ones that I have heard in Wyoming the last 2 weekends.   It is day 15 today of the Biden administration, and on day 1,  President Biden--and we listened as he spoke--promised to usher in a  new era of bipartisanship, he said, and healing. Well, within his  inaugural address, he said the words: ``With unity, we can do great  things.''   The Senator from Oklahoma and I agreed with the President and the  words that he spoke on inaugural day, but here we are just 2 weeks  later, and it seems to me it was all just talk. So far, we haven't seen  much bipartisanship from the Biden administration. President Biden has  already issued more than 45 Executive actions, and that is more  Executive actions in the first 2 weeks than Presidents Trump, Obama,  Bush, and Clinton in their beginnings in office.   It is interesting because, as President Biden was rolling out one  Executive order after another, even the liberal New York Times, which  endorsed President Biden, had this lead headline. And this was  Thursday, January 28, so this was a full week ago. It says: Ease up on  Executive orders. The New York Times to President Biden: Ease up on  Executive orders. When the New York Times has to call President Biden  out on Executive overreach, you know that President Biden has abandoned  the promises that he made during the campaign and that he made to us on  inaugural day.   To just kind of go into the editorial and what they wrote, they said:  ``Ease Up on the Executive actions, Joe.'' They said: ``[T]his is no  way to make law.'' They said: ``These directives . . . are a flawed  substitute for legislation.''   That is what we see the Biden administration adopting, a flawed  substitute, as they say, for legislation.   They go on to say that on the campaign trail, President Biden touted  his skills at making compromise. I saw that when I served with him in  the Senate--before the Presiding Officer got here, but he and I served  together in this body. I was on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,  which he chaired. He does have a history and a skill at finding  compromise.   The New York Times went on to say that President ``Biden's legacy  will depend on his ability to hammer out agreements with Congress.''  That is why we have three branches of government--the executive branch,  the legislative branch, and the judiciary branch; all of the branches  of government--and, as they say, the legacy will depend on his ability  to hammer out agreements with Congress.   The problem isn't just how many Executive orders are being issued, as  my friend and colleague from Oklahoma said; it is what is in them.   President Biden has already launched a full-scale attack on American  energy. To me, this is the whole Green New Deal dressed up as Executive  orders. In fact, a Congresswoman from Michigan who is part of the squad  has been actually boasting about it. She said the principles and the  values in the Green New Deal are in the Executive orders by President  Biden. She went on to say that the Green New Deal pushed the President  toward a much more aggressive approach.   I think her statement is accurate. President Biden has already shut  down the Keystone Pipeline. He drew a big target on the back of  American energy, and then he pulled the trigger, killed the Keystone  Pipeline. Hundreds of American workers have already received pink  slips. Thousands more will do so. And that will be soon. President  Biden banned new oil and gas leases on Federal lands. Half of my State  is Federal land, so we know how this works. If this President also  keeps his promise to ban fracking, this could lead to a total of  millions of Americans losing jobs over the next couple of years.   At a time when 10 million Americans are already unemployed, these  figures are shocking. Yet Democrats aren't stopping there. Last week,  the Democratic leader came to the floor, and he urged President Biden  to go even further, to do even more--much more than was criticized by  the New York Times. He said President Biden should declare a national  emergency because of climate change--a national emergency, he said, the  leader of the Democratic Party, on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Leader  Schumer is admitting that this radical environmental agenda doesn't  have bipartisan support. It doesn't seem to even have Presidential  support to that level, but that is what Senator Schumer is calling for.   Apparently, Senator Schumer isn't just wanting to outsource energy  jobs; he seems to want to outsource the work of the U.S. Senate as  well. That is not what the American people sent us here to do. They  didn't send us here to stand by and watch a President go with one  Executive order after another, after another; they sent us here to get  things done.   The truth is, despite what Leader Schumer says, there is actually  bipartisan support for action on climate change. Just over a month ago,  the Senate passed a bill called the USE IT Act, which I authored with  Senator Carper. It came through the Environment and Public Works  Committee, which I chaired. It was completely bipartisan. It came  through the committee unanimously. It doesn't cost a  [[Page S293]]  single American a job. It makes a difference with regard to climate.  That is what the American people sent us here to do, to work together  to find solutions that work, that don't hurt. Unfortunately, it is not  the Biden approach. The Biden approach turns out to be more mandates,  less energy production, and fewer American jobs.   Now we see President Biden pushing a $2 trillion spending bill. He  says it is to help fight coronavirus. We just passed a $900 billion  coronavirus relief bill about a month ago, signed into law, and as a  result, our economy is actually doing better than expected.   Now President Biden, with his new bill, wants to send checks to  families making in excess of $250,000 a year--a government check, paid  for by taxpayers, added to the national debt. Families making over a  quarter of a million dollars a year getting a check from the government  when they have never missed a paycheck in the first place?   He also wants to give added bonuses for people who are out of work on  unemployment. People who are out of work on unemployment need that  unemployment but not with the added bonuses to the level that President  Biden is pointing to. And I hear about it in Wyoming. I heard about it  last week.   If we pass what President Biden is calling for, the average  unemployed American would receive a little less than $800 a week total  from the government, by their regular unemployment and by the  enhance unemployment. That is equivalent to a job making $40,000 a  year. People would, in many places, be paid more to not go back to work  than they could earn if they went back to work. So the incentive is to  keep them out of work. At the same time, we have ``Help Wanted'' signs  up around the State of Wyoming.    President Biden's proposal also includes billions of dollars in  spending unrelated to coronavirus--completely unrelated--which is  something the American people don't understand. They understand we need  to fight coronavirus. They understand we need to get people back to  work. They understand we need to get kids back to school. But to add  extraneous spending unrelated to coronavirus is something Americans  don't understand.   Now, this bill includes a mandate from Washington, DC, a mandate to  the small businesses all around the country--many of them struggling,  many of them having a hard time making their payroll--and the  Washington mandate is, you will double the amount of money that you pay  right now if you are paying the current minimum wage--doubling the  national minimum wage; a mandate from Washington on small business;  nothing to do with coronavirus but a lot to do with making it that much  harder for the small businesses in the small towns of Wyoming to make  their payroll and to stay open.   Now, it makes common sense when you take a look at that impact--and  even the Congressional Budget Office has looked at it, and they have  come to the same conclusion that I have and that the people of Wyoming  have: It is going to cost jobs. The Congressional Budget Office says it  will cost 1,300,000 jobs across America if President Biden has his way  and forces a double of the minimum wage on small businesses of America.   Now, in exchange for that Federal mandate, the bill pays off States,  big cities, blue States with a long history of bad behavior, to the  tune of $350 billion. A study from JPMorgan just came out, and the  study shows that State tax revenues barely dropped at all in 2020 as a  result of the coronavirus. They dropped less than 1 percent. These  States do not need $350 billion of additional Federal support. If the  State needs a bailout, it is not because of coronavirus; it is because  of a long history of mismanagement.   The Biden administration made this proposal without any meaningful  discussions with Republicans at all. And the administration is even  ignoring the Democrats. Vice President Harris recently went on  television in West Virginia and in Arizona. Why? Not to put pressure on  Republicans; to put pressure on Democrats--big story in the New York  Times today--putting pressure on the two new Senators, Senator Sinema  and--the Senators from Arizona--Senator Kelly, the newest elected  Senator from Arizona, put on them to vote for the bill. She also went  to West Virginia--Senator Manchin. Not only are they not talking to  Republicans; now they are trying to pressure Democrats.   Let's face it. The Democrats are trying to cram this bill through  Congress. That is what they are going to do with the vote-arama this  week.   On Friday there was an article in the Washington Post. The headline  is this: ``Biden, Democrats prepare to move beyond efforts to woo  Republicans.'' I have to ask, what efforts? Haven't reached out in any  serious way. As some of my colleagues have said, we have proven we can  work together with coronavirus relief. We did it five times in the last  year. We passed five different coronavirus relief bills, and the total  relief was $4 trillion.   The article in the Post goes on and quotes Leader Schumer. He says  that we must not repeat the mistakes of 2008 and 2009. He is referring  to the fiscal crisis back then. Well, that response was then led by  Vice President Joe Biden. Yes, there were plenty of mistakes. Leader  Schumer seems to think that the mistake was that it was too bipartisan,  and that is the wrong lesson. The mistake Congress made under Vice  President Biden in 2009 was to spend huge sums of money, completely  unrelated to solving the underlying problem. Yet that is what the  Democrats seem to want to do once again. The last time the Democrats  did that, we had the slowest recovery since the Great Depression. Do  you know what got us out of that slow recovery? American energy, which  President Biden is now trying to kill. There are a lot of lessons to be  learned here.   So, on Monday, 10 Republican Senators went to the White House and  made their own proposal on coronavirus relief. I really do hope the  President listened because 2 weeks into this administration, the  President's inaugural address is not something that is going to be  remembered like John Kennedy's inaugural address was in 1960. This  inaugural address is going to be remembered for empty rhetoric.  President Biden has been trying to govern using a pen and a phone.  Remember that from the Obama administration? I would say to President  Biden: Time to just put down the pen and pick up the phone.   A Democratic politician famously said that politicians campaign in  poetry and govern in prose. President Biden campaigned in moderation,  but that is not the way he is governing. He is governing in  partisanship. It is not what the American people are asking for. It is  not what they voted for.   We have a 50-50 Senate. Democrats have a very narrow majority in the  House. I would urge the administration to change course. This--if there  is a mandate--is a mandate to move to the middle. I urge my Democratic  colleagues to work with us on real coronavirus relief, on producing  more American energy, and on creating more jobs across our country. Let  us come together and get things done.   I yield the floor.   