 Madam President, obviously, when you look at what needs to  be done in the fall and, frankly, if you look at what needs to be done  in the next few weeks, there are important items ahead of us.   One of them that my colleague from Florida just did a good job  talking about is setting the debt limit for how much Federal Government  debt should the country be able to tolerate.   One way to do this is to set a limit. Another way that some of my  colleagues appear to really prefer is just to set a date and say we are  going to postpone any limit until that date, and we will just see what  happens. We will see how deep the debt gets between now and then. But  we really don't want to talk about a limit, and when you look at what  that limit is likely to be, you would understand why you wouldn't want  to talk about that.   We have really seen this coming for some time. It shouldn't be a  crisis, except, frankly, our friends on the other side seem intent on  making it a crisis and seeing if they can include all of us suddenly in  a spending discussion that we haven't been in up until now. How much  debt can we have? How much can we afford? But what we have seen this  year is, how much money can one side spend without involving the other  side in any way?   We have never approached the debt limit in at least the last 25  years, that I am aware of, in a way that didn't involve talking about  spending. In fact, I would argue that there is no real reason to have  the debt limit if it doesn't force a discussion on spending. Other  countries don't have it; we have it.   One reason I have always thought it actually served a purpose was it  always generated a discussion on spending--not just a discussion on  full faith and credit but how much money are we going to spend. In  fact, when President Obama was President and the debt ceiling had to be  extended, we had a discussion about what our spending caps were going  to be. We had a decade, because of that, of spending caps. We didn't  always stick with them, but to not stick with them, you had to change  the law, so that forced another discussion. We have all heard for a  decade about the caps deal, the spending caps deal. Well, that was a  discussion that was had so there would be a bipartisan agreement on the  debt limit.   In June of 2019, we saw the debt limit coming again, and by that  time, Speaker Pelosi, who was the Speaker of the House in charge of a  majority in the House, said she wouldn't cooperate in doing anything on  the debt limit unless the administration agreed to spend more money.   So there you have a spending discussion, but you also have one body  of the Congress where the leader of the entire majority is saying: We  are not going to be part of the debt limit unless we have an agreement  on spending, and we want to spend more. From that moment on, Secretary  Mnuchin, the Secretary of the Treasury, was up here over and over  again, negotiating with the Speaker of the House on just how much more  it was going to take for her to be part of the debt limit.   Now, here we are in almost October, 9 months through the year.  Republicans really haven't been asked in any serious way up until now  this year how to set parameters for government spending. We would like  to spend less; the other side would like to spend more. But no  Republicans--zero Republicans--have been involved in a plan to  eliminate important parts of the 2017 tax bill that clearly were  producing the kinds of economic results we had hoped for at the  beginning of the pandemic.   No Republicans were part of the plan to spend right at $2 trillion in  the March COVID relief bill even though we really saw our economy  already coming back.   By the way--no surprise--when you spend $2 trillion, inflation is one  of the things you are going to get when you put that much money into  the economy on top of what we put in in 2020 in a bipartisan way to try  to stabilize the economy.   Well, the economy was clearly stabilized by the first of last year,  and no Republican, again, let me say, was part of how to spend that $2  trillion.   No Republican has been part of the discussion of how to spend what  our friends on the other side say would be a $3.5 trillion, reckless  tax-and-spending amount. Others estimate that 3.5 really would be 5  trillion. But, again, the point is not how big it would be; the point  is, no Republican has been part of that.   If you look at what is actually in that legislation as it comes out  of the House, some of the things are pretty amazing. There is $3  billion on a project called Tree Equity. Now, I don't think that is to  make all the  [[Page S6605]]  trees the same size. I assume that is a project to be sure that  everybody has their fair percentage of the trees, whatever that would  mean and how you describe that.   There is $200 million for the Presidio, the park in Speaker Pelosi's  district--$200 million.   They are talking about $8 billion in that bill for a new Civilian  Climate Corps and $7 billion to buy electric vehicles for the Postal  Service.   Their plan comes to us with $105 million for ``entrepreneurial  training'' for people who are currently or have just been incarcerated.   There is even $5 million in that bill for electronic voting systems  for union elections. I am not opposed to union elections and am not  opposed to unions having them. It would seem to me that they have up  until now figured out how to provide their own equipment for their own  elections or rent it or lease it. It is certainly a new sort of  government involvement in that activity.   Frankly, the list goes on and on. At $3 trillion, you are likely to  have a lot of ideas. Seems to me that a lot of the ideas are, you come  up with a number, which is what it takes to eliminate the 2017 tax  cuts, and then start talking about, how many new things do we need to  do to support that number?   Well, this shouldn't be an emergency. September is pretty late to  reach out to the other side and not even now say ``Well, let's talk  about our spending priorities,'' but say, ``Well, you need to help us  with this because at some point, there is some money that had to be  spent that was your responsibility too.''   I guess we could have said that to Speaker Pelosi in 2019 when she  said: Not going to do it unless we get more spending. And we wouldn't  have had an agreement in the Obama years if we hadn't set a cap on  spending.   The truth is, this isn't Speaker Pelosi's money, and it is not  Senator Schumer's money, and it is not my money. We are talking about  the money that belongs to the American people. They need to have a say  in this.   In a 50-50 Senate, one side deciding ``We are going to make all the  decisions about spending money'' means that one side is likely to wind  up making all the decisions about how to reach the debt limit.   I yield the floor.   