 Madam President, yesterday brought reports that  carjackings in my hometown of Louisville were up 150 percent since  2019, and the city's 2021 murder total is rapidly closing in on an  alltime record that was set just last year.   These aren't just local problems; they are national trends. Twenty- twenty saw the homicide rate jump more than at any point in over a  century--the worst spike in the murder rate in more than 100 years.   The law enforcement crises don't stop there. Our southern border saw  more illegal crossings last year than in any year on record. Yet ICE  has made its fewest interior arrests in a decade.   A crime epidemic and a border crisis--these are the sorts of problems  you might expect the Nation's top law enforcement officer to face head- on. These are the sorts of issues that should keep the Department of  Justice up all night long. But, alas, Attorney General Garland has  other priorities.   The AG made waves this month with a bizarre memo that directed the  FBI, along with DOJ's Criminal, National Security, and Civil Rights  Divisions, to focus--now listen to this--special attention and security  on parents--parents--who have opinions about their local school boards.   Yesterday, under questioning from the Judiciary Committee, the  Attorney General seemed absolutely incapable of giving a satisfactory  explanation as to why the parents of America are his A-1 priority; nor could he explain why this bizarre guidance came just  days--days--after a powerful interest group sent a letter demanding  this action.   Actually--listen to this--the interest group has already apologized  for the letter. They say they regret sending it. But the Attorney  General won't budge from his shocking guidance even after the special  interests that asked for it have backed away. Apparently, the instant  that special interests ask the Biden administration to jump, the  Attorney General responds: How high?   The Attorney General insisted that all his Department is concerned  about is ``violence and threats of violence.'' Well, of course violence  and threats are always wrong. They are also already illegal and already  the purview of local law enforcement.   There is no evidence that America's concerned parents needed to be  singled out as targets of this J. Edgar Hoover  [[Page S7438]]  act from the Feds. If Democrats at the local, State, and Federal levels  want fewer parents--concerned parents--showing up at school board  meetings, the solution is to stop indoctrinating the kids with crazy  messages on the taxpayers' dime, not trying to use Federal law  enforcement to frighten families out of their First Amendment rights.    Madam President, January 22, 1997, Senator Collins  cast her first rollcall vote for Madeleine Albright to be Secretary of  State. From that moment on, she has not missed one single, solitary  vote; zero sick days, zero scheduling conflicts. Whether we were voting  on war or peace, historic legislation, or the most routine and  uncontroversial bills and nominations, the Senator has made sure that  Maine got its say every single time.   So here is some perspective. The longest consecutive games streak in  Major League Baseball famously belonged to Cal Ripken, Jr. Well, our  colleague from Caribou has lapped him three times and counting. And, by  the way, the Iron Horse didn't have to plan around weekly air travel in  and out of New England, all winter, every winter.   Anybody who knows Senator Collins knows this moment is not really  about a round number; it is about the approach which the number happens  to reflect. Our colleague is diligent. She is devoted. Her level of  preparation is unparalleled. She holds herself to the highest  standards, and she delivers.   It is in her blood. Both of our colleague's parents served separate  terms as mayor of Caribou. But the Senator also draws inspiration from  outside the gene pool. She rightly idolizes her predecessor from Maine,  the legendary Margaret Chase Smith, but even Senator Smith's own  impressive voting streak topped out just shy of 3,000.   I am just sorry that today's milestone moment couldn't present our  colleague with a challenge worthy of her skills. Lucky number 8,000  didn't even require a sprained ankle or a hasty exit from a departing  airplane.   So congratulations to our colleague on this moment and all that it  represents.   