 Madam President I rise today to remember and honor Ian F.  Fergusson, Specialist in International Trade and Finance in the Foreign  Affairs, Defense and Trade Division of the Congressional Research  Service, CRS. Ian passed away on Thursday, June 17, after a brief  serious illness that unfortunately struck at the height of a  distinguished career of more than 20 years at CRS, serving Congress on  international trade and economic policy issues.   Ian exemplified the very best of CRS during his years of direct  support for Congress. He achieved a remarkable record of accomplishment  through his many reports, confidential memoranda, committee prints, and  confidential consultative work for Members and congressional staff. Ian  played a vital role in Congress's consideration of important  legislation, including on export  [[Page S5709]]  control reform when I chaired the Senate Banking Committee. He also was  intricately involved in major trade policy legislation and debates  before the Senate Finance Committee, including its work on renewing and  reforming Trade Promotion Authority--TPA--and the committee's and  Senate's deliberation over the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement-- USMCA.   There are many more examples of lan's authoritative, nonpartisan, and  objective expertise and analysis for Congress, including his deep  knowledge of U.S.-Canada economic relations, the World Trade  Organization--WTO--and global trading system, and U.S. trade  agreements. His institutional knowledge of U.S. trade policy and export  controls was invaluable, especially to the Senate Finance and Senate  Banking Committees and its members. The breadth and depth of Ian's  institutional and policy expertise will be truly missed as Congress  continues work on these important issues.   I offer my sincere condolences to Ian's family, friends, and his  colleagues at CRS during this difficult time and hope they may take  comfort in the knowledge of his indelible contribution to the work of  Congress on international trade and economic policy.   