 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, it is really with hope, pride, and optimism  that I rise today to honor the legacy of an icon of the civil rights  movement, a hero of democracy, and a dear personal friend of mine: John  Lewis.   More than anything, John Lewis was a man of action. Where he saw  suffering, he tried to end it. Where he saw injustice, he tried to  correct it. Where ``good trouble'' was needed, he showed up for it.   The most fitting way to honor the legacy of John Lewis is to take  action ourselves--the action that he would have. So it is with pride  today that I introduce the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act of  2021. It is a vital piece of legislation to restore the landmark Voting  Rights Act.   Now, this legislation is the culmination of many months of tireless  work across the Halls of Congress, back and forth between the House and  the Senate. But that is exactly what Congressman Lewis would have  wanted to see. That work began by building the record and telling the  story of the current conditions for voters across the country.   But what did that record show?   A shocking picture.   Empowered by the Supreme Court's damaging 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, States across the country have been advancing and  enacting sweeping voter suppression efforts to make it more--not less-- difficult for American citizens to participate in their own democracy.   Can you imagine that--making it harder for Americans to participate  in their own democracy?   And today, tens of thousands of Americans are being disenfranchised  under the guise of State law. And it is no coincidence that certain  communities consistently bear the brunt of these suppression schemes  across the country.   Throughout our history, we have worked to make our democracy ever  more inclusive, not exclusive. With each generation, we have sought to  empower millions more to be equal participants in America's system of  self-government. So make no mistake: This tidal wave of voter  suppression effort seeks to bend the arc of equal justice and equal  rights backward. We should not allow that to stand.   Action in Congress is desperately needed. The House answered the call  from Congressman Lewis and others to protect our precious, almost  sacred right to vote, and they passed a bold version of the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act earlier this year.   Today, in the Senate, we will be introducing a version of that bill  that should get the votes needed to restore the Voting Rights Act.   This legislation addresses the Court's 2013 and 2021 decision. This  should be advanced here. It should be passed by the House, and it  surely would be signed into law. And there is no reason for delay.   This legislation addresses the Supreme Court's Shelby County decision  by restoring the Justice Department's preclearance powers to prevent  States from enacting discriminatory voting changes. The legislation  limits the harms caused by the Supreme Court's Brnovich decision  earlier this year by enshrining a private right of action and clear  factors with which voters can bring lawsuits against attempts to  disenfranchise them.   Fundamentally, this legislation seeks to ensure that the Justice  Department possesses the tools it needs to protect the right to vote  for all Americans, regardless of party or race or creed or background.   Now, you wouldn't know by listening to the partisan rancor of today's  politics, but this goal--protecting our right to vote--has never been a  partisan issue.   John Lewis once said: ``We all know this is not a Democratic  Republican issue. It is an American one.''   Truer words haven't been spoken.   We should remember that reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act on a  bipartisan basis is the way we have always done it. The core provisions  of the Voting Rights Act have been reauthorized five times. Remember  that, five times. Every time, this has been done with overwhelming  bipartisan support in Congress. It was signed by President Nixon. It  was signed by President Reagan. It was signed by President George W.  Bush. They all signed the Voting Rights Act reauthorizations into law.  They knew the profound importance of the landmark law for our  democracy. In fact, the most recent Voting Rights Act reauthorization  was in 2006.   And do you know what the vote was in the U.S. Senate?   Ninety-eight to zero. And many Senators still serving today, both  Republican and Democrat, voted to support that legislation.   The toxic partisanship of American politics today has obscured what  has, for decades, united us across party lines. This is the belief that  protecting our right to vote--the very right that gives democracy its  name--is bigger than party or politics. It is the belief that a system  of self-government--a government of, by, and for the people--is one  that is worth preserving for generations to come. It is the belief that  government exists to serve the will of the people, not the other way  around.   And that, Mr. President, is what I believe.   And so, today, I hold the memory of John Lewis--of his advocacy, of  his passion, of his zealous belief to our better angels--to urge all  Senators, regardless of party, to join me in restoring and  reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act. The John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act gives us that opportunity. Congressman Lewis, I know,  would have wanted us to come together and find a path forward to  addressing the many threats facing Americans' foundational right to  vote.   I will tell you what he would not have accepted. He would not have  accepted inaction. So let's try to live up to the memory and the  example of John Lewis--a heroic man of action, one of my dearest  friends in my years in the Congress. And I know he is watching over us.  Let's make him proud.    Mr. President, it is really with hope, pride, and optimism  that I rise today to honor the legacy of an icon of the civil rights  movement, a hero of democracy, and a dear personal friend of mine: John  Lewis.   More than anything, John Lewis was a man of action. Where he saw  suffering, he tried to end it. Where he saw injustice, he tried to  correct it. Where ``good trouble'' was needed, he showed up for it.   The most fitting way to honor the legacy of John Lewis is to take  action ourselves--the action that he would have. So it is with pride  today that I introduce the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act of  2021. It is a vital piece of legislation to restore the landmark Voting  Rights Act.   Now, this legislation is the culmination of many months of tireless  work across the Halls of Congress, back and forth between the House and  the Senate. But that is exactly what Congressman Lewis would have  wanted to see. That work began by building the record and telling the  story of the current conditions for voters across the country.   But what did that record show?   A shocking picture.   Empowered by the Supreme Court's damaging 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, States across the country have been advancing and  enacting sweeping voter suppression efforts to make it more--not less-- difficult for American citizens to participate in their own democracy.   Can you imagine that--making it harder for Americans to participate  in their own democracy?   And today, tens of thousands of Americans are being disenfranchised  under the guise of State law. And it is no coincidence that certain  communities consistently bear the brunt of these suppression schemes  across the country.   Throughout our history, we have worked to make our democracy ever  more inclusive, not exclusive. With each generation, we have sought to  empower millions more to be equal participants in America's system of  self-government. So make no mistake: This tidal wave of voter  suppression effort seeks to bend the arc of equal justice and equal  rights backward. We should not allow that to stand.   Action in Congress is desperately needed. The House answered the call  from Congressman Lewis and others to protect our precious, almost  sacred right to vote, and they passed a bold version of the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act earlier this year.   Today, in the Senate, we will be introducing a version of that bill  that should get the votes needed to restore the Voting Rights Act.   This legislation addresses the Court's 2013 and 2021 decision. This  should be advanced here. It should be passed by the House, and it  surely would be signed into law. And there is no reason for delay.   This legislation addresses the Supreme Court's Shelby County decision  by restoring the Justice Department's preclearance powers to prevent  States from enacting discriminatory voting changes. The legislation  limits the harms caused by the Supreme Court's Brnovich decision  earlier this year by enshrining a private right of action and clear  factors with which voters can bring lawsuits against attempts to  disenfranchise them.   Fundamentally, this legislation seeks to ensure that the Justice  Department possesses the tools it needs to protect the right to vote  for all Americans, regardless of party or race or creed or background.   Now, you wouldn't know by listening to the partisan rancor of today's  politics, but this goal--protecting our right to vote--has never been a  partisan issue.   John Lewis once said: ``We all know this is not a Democratic  Republican issue. It is an American one.''   Truer words haven't been spoken.   We should remember that reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act on a  bipartisan basis is the way we have always done it. The core provisions  of the Voting Rights Act have been reauthorized five times. Remember  that, five times. Every time, this has been done with overwhelming  bipartisan support in Congress. It was signed by President Nixon. It  was signed by President Reagan. It was signed by President George W.  Bush. They all signed the Voting Rights Act reauthorizations into law.  They knew the profound importance of the landmark law for our  democracy. In fact, the most recent Voting Rights Act reauthorization  was in 2006.   And do you know what the vote was in the U.S. Senate?   Ninety-eight to zero. And many Senators still serving today, both  Republican and Democrat, voted to support that legislation.   The toxic partisanship of American politics today has obscured what  has, for decades, united us across party lines. This is the belief that  protecting our right to vote--the very right that gives democracy its  name--is bigger than party or politics. It is the belief that a system  of self-government--a government of, by, and for the people--is one  that is worth preserving for generations to come. It is the belief that  government exists to serve the will of the people, not the other way  around.   And that, Mr. President, is what I believe.   And so, today, I hold the memory of John Lewis--of his advocacy, of  his passion, of his zealous belief to our better angels--to urge all  Senators, regardless of party, to join me in restoring and  reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act. The John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act gives us that opportunity. Congressman Lewis, I know,  would have wanted us to come together and find a path forward to  addressing the many threats facing Americans' foundational right to  vote.   I will tell you what he would not have accepted. He would not have  accepted inaction. So let's try to live up to the memory and the  example of John Lewis--a heroic man of action, one of my dearest  friends in my years in the Congress. And I know he is watching over us.  Let's make him proud.   