 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, two-thirds of Americans are worried  about inflation. About half of the middle class and 70 percent of low- income families just told Gallup that rising prices have been a  personal hardship for their households. That is why 67 percent of the  American people say that Washington needs to ``cut back on spending and  printing money,'' but here in Washington, Democrats are bound and  determined to do just the opposite. They want to try the crazy strategy  of inflating their way out of inflation--another massive, reckless  taxing-and-spending spree.   Even the most generous estimates, when the CBO has to swallow all-- all--of the Democrats' accounting gimmicks at face value, still say  their proposal would entail $800 billion in new deficit spending over  the next 5 years alone--over just 5 years. Outside experts who are  allowed to reject the Democrats' obvious budget gimmicks find the real  cost--the real cost--of their bill would actually be close to $5  trillion. That is with a ``t''--trillion dollars. After a decade, it  would increase deficits by $2.8 trillion, but the reckless pricetag,  actually, isn't the only problem.   What is remarkable is that the Democrats want to spend all these  trillions but not leave citizens with any impressive, enduring national  project in return. There is no Hoover Dam, Interstate Highway System,  or Moon landing on the other side of their mountains of borrowed  money--nothing like that. It is just a giant catalog of socialist  mediocrity: new entitlements here, new transfer programs there, new  ways to let bureaucrats run families' lives, and shameless--shameless-- goodies for specific interest groups that support the political left--a  giant, muddled mess that would leave families with fewer childcare  choices and higher costs, with fewer new prescription drugs and cures,  with higher prices for less reliable energy. It is, literally, a  reckless taxing-and-spending spree that hurts American families and  actually--believe it or not--helps China.   There are a lot of big, sweeping, radical changes in their proposal  that would change families' lives dramatically and entirely for the  worse. But in between the sweeping wish-fulfillment for people who call  themselves ``democratic socialists,'' there is also a remarkable amount  of just pure waste, absurd--literally absurd--little giveaways, and  interest group goodies. A billion here, a billion there, and hope the  American people won't notice if it is buried in enough bureaucratic  gibberish.   Here are just a few examples.   This bill would supply billions of dollars to help colleges and  universities indoctrinate college students with even more leftwing  propaganda and billions more to give them made-up Potemkin jobs in a  make-work program they are calling a Civilian Climate Corps--this at a  time when industries already cannot find workers.   Their bill would set aside multiple billions of dollars to put  Federal Government employees, like IRS agents and postal carriers, into  brandnew electric vehicles.   Earlier this year, the Biden administration made sure that luxury  Teslas, with a sticker price up to $97,000, were on the list for  government procurement--$97,000 per vehicle.   So working families might be having to choose between heating costs  and new shoes for the kids. Oh, but don't worry, Democrats will make  sure IRS auditors can cruise around in Silicon Valley's finest.   Their proposal would create a huge $29 billion slush fund that  activists are applauding as the foundation for something called--now,  listen to this--a national green bank. Can you say Solyndra on  steroids? An entire bank to finance pipe dreams that can't earn support  out in the real economy.   Separately, they are planning to spend multiple billions of taxpayer  dollars for something the liberals are calling--listen to this one  now--tree equity. I will let that one speak for itself.   Of course, the Green New Deal folks aren't the only constituency  Democrats want to pay off. This reckless taxing-and-spending spree is  also designed to knock out all their Christmas shopping for trial  lawyers, Big Labor bosses, Ivy League administrators, and blue-State  millionaires, all in one fell swoop.   There is the State and local tax carve-out, the SALT gimmick, that  would give an extra tax cut to two-thirds of the households making a  million dollars or more a year. Perhaps to  [[Page S8877]]  make sure these reckless policies get good press, Democrats have  included a $1.6 billion bailout for the news media. I am not making  this up. We are essentially talking about government welfare for  newsrooms--for newsrooms. All this, and it goes on and on and on.   There is a new special tax break for rich universities' massive  endowments--hundreds of millions of dollars to overhaul kids' school  lunch menus, including making sure they are ``culturally appropriate.''  I guess they want to make sure that children's cafeteria trays are  sufficiently woke.   And goodness knows they couldn't skip over Big Labor. So the  Democrats' plan would let working Americans' above-the-line tax  deduction for charitable contributions expire--that goes away--but they  would replace it with a brandnew deduction that only applies to union  dues.   And then there is pure pork of the old-school kind. The Speaker of  the House tried to sneak in hundreds of millions of dollars for a  special park in San Francisco. And the Senate Democratic leader has  spent much trying to double the bill's funding for public housing so  the chronically mismanaged authority in his hometown could get $40  billion to clean up its messes.   There is even what appears to be a $33 million kickback that is  largely for one Democratic Congressman whose vote Speaker Pelosi  literally had to lock down. Out of nowhere, one mostly dormant  government Commission that is important to this particular Democrat's  district gets a funding increase of 13,000 percent--13,000 percent. You  heard that right, a funding increase of 13,000 percent. What a terrific  coincidence for this particular Democratic House Member.   So take a step back. Our colleagues' proposal isn't some big national  leap into the 21st century; it is an endless--endless--hodgepodge of  this nonsense: partisan back-scratching, interest group giveaways, and  shameless--shameless--waste. And through tax hikes and inflation,  working American families will foot the bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   