 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Congressman   Mike  Bost, for hosting this very important Special Order hour.   Today, we are more than a year out from the beginning of the COVID-19  pandemic, and we are also 5 months out from when the first dose of  vaccine was administered. Defeating the virus through a safe and  effective vaccine has been critical in reopening our country and our  schools and getting Americans back to work. But the recent partisan  policies of the left discourage work and create an employment gap in  the country.   I hear about this regularly in my district in Kansas. Small  businesses, who were hit hard by the pandemic, were forced to shut  down, had stay-at-home orders, and are now struggling to find workers  to get back reopened.   One of those small business owners, Jessie Sterling, shared with me  her experience of struggling to have full employment while she raises  her young children, something that was much more difficult when the  schools were closed.   While her business has seen customers return, many of her employees  have not. Unfortunately, most of Jessie's employees opted to stay home  and collect expanded unemployment benefits rather than return to the  workforce. The additional $300 means that most of the part-time  employees are now making more on unemployment than they were making at  their job. While Jessie is responsible for the education and care of  her children, she now has the additional stress of picking up extra  shifts to cover for the employees who aren't coming back.   But it doesn't have to be this way. We need to shift our focus from  the early days of the pandemic, when it made sense to expand these  unemployment programs, to encouraging a return to work.   Just yesterday, our neighboring State of Missouri opted out of the  enhanced unemployment benefits, a move that will help encourage work  and a return to normalcy. Today, my colleagues, Congressmen Tracey Mann  and Jake LaTurner, called on Kansas Governor Kelly to do the same  thing.   Our American spirit is built on resilience, hard work, and ingenuity.  We have had many struggles over the past year, but our history has  shown us that we will overcome, not through a heavy reliance on a big  Federal Government, but a reliance on faith, on families, and our own  work ethic. We need to encourage all Americans to pursue these ideals  and get our economy back to work.   