 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Louisiana for  holding this Special Order and his leadership in our conference.   It started off with the war on fossil fuel and then the border  crisis. Now, this new deal is about a war on small business. And the  Biden administration and Bernie Sanders' trillion-dollar tax-and-spend  bill, it is not about addressing our Nation's urgent needs, which I  have just described, like: rising inflation; supply chain crisis;  illegal immigration--we should not say illegal immigration; it should  be human trafficking and drug trafficking--or the crime rate in the  country. It is a blueprint to bankrupt and fundamentally turn America  into a Big-Government, socialist Nation.   So what is included in their House Democrat bill? It includes a  radical expansion of the IRS, granting them unprecedented access to the  bank transactions of a vast majority of Americans. Again, a war on  small business. It allows on-demand, taxpayer-funded abortions by  excluding the Hyde amendment protections. Folks, we are just one of  three countries that allow elective, full-time abortion. The other two  are not good company: China and North Korea.   It provides college financial aid for illegal immigrants. It advances  Green New Deal priorities to the tune of $630 billion at the expense,  again, of small businesses.   It forces taxpayers to spend nearly $14,200 per person per year for  government-controlled healthcare plans, doubling the cost of the  average employer-sponsored healthcare plan.   It continues welfare benefits without work requirements for able- bodied adults without dependents, at a time when there are 10.1 million  jobs openings. Folks, I am talking 25 million people, work-capable  people.   That is not all. The Democrats are desperately trying to sell this  bad bill, with both Biden and Nancy Pelosi falsely claiming it will  cost zero dollars. You have got to be kidding.   But the American people can see that this costly bill will wreck our  economy, all to advance the Democrats' socialist agenda.   We must fight for the future of this Nation by stopping their tax- and-spending spree. My friends, why in the world would you follow the  Biden administration and Bernie Sanders over the cliff after every  legislative initiative that has been created by this administration has  resulted in a crisis and caused the American people tremendous  suffering? Stop this nonsense.   