 Mr. President, as a former mayor, I have a sense as to  how important physical infrastructure--roads, bridges, water systems,  wastewater plants--are, and I am delighted that we are finally  beginning to address our long-neglected physical infrastructure. That  is enormously important.   But I will tell you what is even more important, and that is to  address the human infrastructure, the needs of the  [[Page S5691]]  working class of this country, the middle class of this country, the  low-income people of our country, whether they are Black or White or  Latino or Native American, Asian American--needs that have been  neglected for decades.   It is no secret to the American people that, for a very long time,  the U.S. Congress has paid keen attention to the needs of the people on  top. Yet we have turned our backs on millions of people who are  struggling to put food on the table, to take care of their kids, to  take care of their parents. And on top of that, obviously, we have  ignored the great existential crisis of our time, and that is climate  change.   And the result of all of that is that, today, the gap between the  very, very rich and everybody else is wider than it has been in 100  years. Today, you have two people--two people--who have more wealth  than the bottom 40 percent. And for many of our billionaire friends,  apparently they are increasingly unconcerned about what happens here on  Earth because they are off in outer space. But some of us who go home  every weekend to our States and our districts, we kind of are worried  about what is going on down on Earth and the needs of working families.   So, Mr. President, as you know, as soon as we address this bipartisan  physical infrastructure bill, we are going to move toward what I  consider to be one of the most consequential pieces of legislation for  working families since FDR, the New Deal, and the Great Depression. And  we are going there and addressing the needs of working families because  we understand that real wages for workers have not gone up in 50 years.  An explosion of technology, an explosion of worker productivity, and  yet, in real inflation accounted-for dollars, many workers today are  not making a nickel more than they did 50 years ago.   We are going forward on the reconciliation bill to address the needs  of the working class because, in the richest country in the history of  the world, it is unacceptable that half of our people are living  paycheck to paycheck. They go to work, and at the end of the week they  have got nothing in the bank, and maybe they are even further behind  because they can't afford their healthcare needs, the rent, and the  educational costs of their children.   We are going to go forward and pass this legislation because the time  is long overdue for the U.S. Congress to begin to make sure the  American people understand that our job is not just to represent the  corporate elites and wealthy campaign contributors but to address the  needs of the struggling men and women of our country.   On top of all of that, it would be incomprehensible to the people of  our country who turn on the TV and they see the west coast burning;  they see the drought in the Midwest; they see the floods all over  Europe; Australia on fire--it would be incomprehensible and a real  crime against future generations if we did not finally address, in a  significant way, the existential threat not only to our country but to  the world in terms of climate.   And I wanted to talk a little bit about some of the work that the  Budget Committee has done and what is going to be in that  reconciliation package because my friends here in the media are very  concerned about process, which is fine, but the American people want to  know: Hey, what is the Congress going to do for me? What is it going to  do to improve my life, my children's lives, my parents' lives? What are  we going to do to save the planet?   For a start, we understand that it is absolutely imperative to end  the obscenity of some of the wealthiest people in this country and the  largest corporations, in a given year, not paying a nickel in Federal  income taxes.   So what we have seen in the pandemic, what we have seen in recent  years is the very, very wealthiest people becoming phenomenally richer.  And then there are studies that are coming out that show that, in a  given year, some of the very wealthiest people in this country--multi,  multibillionaires--are not paying a nickel in Federal income tax.   At a time when corporate profits are soaring, we are seeing many  major corporations, making billions a year, also not paying a nickel in  Federal income tax. And we are also seeing the pharmaceutical industry,  which is enormously profitable, which charges our people the highest  prices in the world for the prescription drugs that we desperately  need--we are seeing a situation where they can charge us anything they  want because of the power of their lobbyists and their campaign  contributions. And we are going to put an end to that as well because  we are going to demand that Medicare start negotiating prescription  drug costs with the pharmaceutical industry.   So my Republican colleagues say: Well, they are going to be raising  taxes.   Yes, we are going to be raising taxes on billionaires and on large,  profitable corporations, and we are going to demand that the  pharmaceutical industry stop ripping us off. But we are adhering to  President Biden's belief, which I share, that nobody earning less than  $400,000 a year should pay a nickel more in taxes. We are going to do  exactly what the American people want us to do and tell the billionaire  class that they are going to have to start paying their fair share of  taxes.   What else are we going to do, and what are we going to use that money  for? We are going to use that money to start protecting the needs of  our children, working families, and the elderly.   I think many Americans now see what public policy can mean in their  lives because we are providing a $300-a-month check per child. The  United States has the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any  major country on Earth. That is a disgrace, and it should be  unacceptable to every Member of the Senate. Well, we are going to end  that.   I am very proud to say, Mr. President, as I know you know, that as a  result of the 1-year child tax credit extension, $300 per child, we  have reduced childhood poverty in America by 61 percent. Parents all  over--in Vermont, California--now have the ability to start taking care  of their children. Our job in reconciliation is either to make that  $300 a month permanent, which I would like to see, or at the very least  extend it for a number of years.   Furthermore, in the United States of America, every person in this  Chamber should be disgusted by the dysfunctionality of our childcare  system. This is not 1950. Mom is going out to work. Dad is going out to  work. And they demand quality, affordable childcare, which does not  exist today.   What we say and what our goal is, is that no working family in this  country should be paying more than 7 percent of their income for  childcare. On top of that, we are going to make pre-K education for 3-  and 4-year-olds free. Yes, that is right--free. We are going to do what  other industrialized countries do and understand that the most  important investment we can make is in the little children.   By the way, when we do that, we are going to allow well over a  million women to go back to work because they no longer have to stay  home because of lack of affordable childcare.   It is a bit embarrassing that our great country is the only major  country on Earth not to guarantee paid family and medical leave.  Imagine that. Every other country in the world, virtually, does that.  In America, I have met with women, low-income women, who give birth,  and then they have to go back to work in a week or two because they  don't have the money to stay home. We are going to end that. We are  going to have, as a nation, guaranteed paid family and medical leave.   We are going to address the reality that many of our younger people  are unable to obtain the good-paying jobs that are out there because  they lack the higher education.   Now, I myself will go further than this bill is going to go. I think  time is long overdue to make public colleges and universities tuition- free and cancel all student debt. That is not what is in this bill. But  what is in this bill says that, at the very least, every American will  have the right to get 2 years of community college, and they can use  that to get the training they need, to get the good jobs. Maybe it is  nursing. Maybe it is something else. But they will also get the credits  they need so they can transfer into a 4-year school, making a big step  forward in getting young people the ability to get the training they  need and the education they need to obtain the good-paying jobs that  are out there.  [[Page S5692]]    Mr. President, I know that you are aware that right here in this  country, right here on Capitol Hill, Washington, DC, you have people  sleeping out on the street, and they are sleeping out on the street in  every State in this country. In fact, we have almost 600,000 people  sleeping out on the streets of the wealthiest country in the history of  the world. Well, this legislation will create millions of jobs in  housing and in other areas because we are going to build the lower  income and affordable housing that we need.   It is not only homelessness. You have 18 million households spending  50 percent of their limited incomes on housing. We need to build low- income and affordable housing, and when we do that, we will create a  heck of a lot of good-paying jobs.   Just today, I talked to a gentleman whose wife is very, very ill and  who is having a hard time affording the home healthcare that he is  paying for.   We are an aging society, and whether people have severe disabilities  or whether they are just getting old, people would rather stay at home  in many cases rather than be forced into nursing homes. What our  legislation will do is significantly improve home healthcare in this  country and make sure that those people who provide that important  service, difficult service, are adequately compensated.    I know that many of my Republican colleagues don't believe that  climate change is real, don't believe that we should do anything about  it, but they are dead wrong. And we cannot go home and look our  children and grandchildren in the eye knowing what we know, knowing  that in many ways, the climate crisis turns out to be worse than what  scientists predicted it would be.   Climate ordinarily changes over thousands of years, hundreds of  years. We are seeing the change in climate with our own eyes year by  year. It is frightening. And if people think that the forest fires in  Oregon, California, Montana, and elsewhere are an aberration, that they  are once-in-a-lifetime, you are wrong. Everything being equal, we will  see worse in years to come.   The truth is, what makes this crisis so difficult, we can't solve it  alone. We are going to have to work with China and India and Europe. We  have to bring the world together to save this planet for our kids and  future generations.   This legislation takes an important step forward. It doesn't go as  far as it should, but it is a major step forward in transforming our  energy system away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and  sustainable energy.   I know we will be hearing from my Republican colleagues who are very  upset that this will be a partisan bill, which it will be, but let me  remind them that they use the so-called reconciliation process recently  in two areas--two areas.   No. 1, they thought it important to go forward in a partisan way,  without Democratic support, for the enormously important goal of giving  massive tax breaks to billionaires and large corporations. That is how  they used the reconciliation process.   Well, we have a little different idea. We are going to use the  reconciliation process and the 50 votes we have with the Vice President  to protect the working families of this country, not the billionaire  class.   The other effort that they made in terms of reconciliation was to  try--and they came within one vote of doing it; the late John McCain-- they would have thrown up to 30 million Americans off of healthcare by  ending the Affordable Care Act.   So they have used reconciliation, and we will use it, except we are  going to use it to protect ordinary Americans--the children, the  elderly, the sick, and the poor--rather than just the very wealthy or  the pharmaceutical industry.   We are now in the midst of a debate over the physical infrastructure,  the bipartisan bill--very important. We need to rebuild our roads and  bridges, but more important is the need to address the crises facing  working families all over this country. When we go forward and do that,  when we protect our children and the elderly and the environment, we  are going to create millions of good-paying jobs, put people to work  rebuilding this country in a way that is long, long overdue.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   