 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Suozzi for yielding.   When talking about the SALT deduction, we are not griping about  something that came about yesterday. The SALT deduction goes back to  the Civil War. We are talking about 150 years of history when President  Lincoln had to fund a brand-new army to crush the traitor States in the  South. So we must use the 150-year history as a baseline for our tax  policy when discussing reform.   It is not low-hanging fruit as it was in 2017 when they looked for  the money for the false tax cuts and they got slammed out of office in  2018. Go to the facts.   Abe knew what he was doing, how it took money away from the States.  They couldn't build hospitals. They couldn't build schools. They  couldn't build roads. He knew what he was doing. The States needed  money, too.   Republicans targeted blue States. They bragged about it. I couldn't  believe it. I couldn't believe my ears when I heard them on the floor  of the House openly admitting it. They made no qualms about it. They  targeted these blue States when passing their 2017 tax scam. Talk about  a hoax. They bragged about it.   Its motivations alone are disqualifying, but its impacts are worse.  SALT was a lifeline to the middle class. Despite half-truths and  outright falsehoods, SALT is about the middle class, and if you can't  stand up for the middle class, you shouldn't be here.   In 2017, 42 percent of the Jersey taxpayers, nearly 2 million people,  deducted their State and local taxes, averaging over $19,000 per  household. That is a $9,000 increase in taxes. Those phonies did it.  That is why they got smashed in 2018.   More than 81 percent of those who deducted SALT earned less than  $200,000. Naysayers claim this deduction only benefits the well-off.  They do not recognize the cost of living in our States. The same people  who voted for the tax cuts that helped the 1 percent, the 1.5 percent,  they felt badly about the rich people who--one clown who went to jail  in New York State, before he went, he said that we had to take care of  our donors. He said it. I didn't. I mean, he didn't go to jail for  saying that. He played the stocks.    Middle income in New Jersey is not the same as Oklahoma or South  Dakota. Housing, food, childcare, and transportation costs are much  lower there. Our middle-class taxpayers are the pack mules of the U.S.  tax system, and as one of our brothers from New Jersey would say, we  are tired of being the lackeys for these other States. Look who is  paying Federal taxes.   Our middle-class taxpayers will no longer sit idly by. This cap  dumped even more weight on the backs of my constituents in my district,  the Ninth District of New Jersey. I appreciate the growing recognition  that relief is needed.   Senator Sanders' budget draft is an important step in the right  direction. But we have got to think big. We demand relief now for our  States and our middle-class constituents. They are the backbone of the  Biden administration's coalition. Just last week, we stood shoulder to  shoulder with working-class firefighters, police officers, and teachers  who support our SALT demands. Our urgency is absolute.   We won't allow our neighbors' pay to be taken for granted. I will  close with just four words: No SALT, no deals. And I will close by  saying that Abraham Lincoln, one of the greatest Presidents in the  history of the country, a true patriot, he stood behind the middle  class. He knew what the States went through.   This is the oldest deduction on the books, and they have criminalized  it. And if anything I reported here is not right, I hope they stand up  and say that it is not right. I have got the other facts here. What  other facts are you talking about?    Yes, I did.    That is right. It is a fact of life, yes.    And they could build the hospitals and the schools and  [[Page H3294]]  the roads. Where were they going to get the money if the Federal  Government took all of the money to fight the war?    Yes. And many of the first responders came out and  supported this bill last week.   