 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that for the  duration of the Senate's consideration of S. Con. Res. 5, the majority  and Republican managers of the concurrent resolution, while seated or  standing at the managers' desks, be permitted to deliver floor remarks,  retrieve, review, and edit documents, and send email and other data  communications from text displayed on wireless personal digital  assistant devices and tablet devices. I further ask unanimous consent  that the use of calculators be permitted on the floor during  consideration of the budget resolution; further, that the staff be  permitted to make technical and conforming changes to the resolution,  if necessary, consistent with the amendments adopted during Senate  consideration, including calculating the associated change in the net  interest function, and incorporating the effect of such adopted  amendments on the budgetary aggregates for Federal revenues, the amount  by which the Federal revenues should be changed, new budget authority,  budget outlays, deficits, public debt, and debt held by the public.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the  budget resolution that was introduced today.   Mr. President, let us be clear and let us in the Senate understand  what the American people know all too well, and that is that our  country is currently experiencing the worst economic crisis since the  Great Depression and the worst public health emergency in over 100  years.   January marked the deadliest month of the pandemic, with over 90,000  Americans losing their lives as a result of COVID-19--90,000 Americans  in 1 month.   In the midst of all of this, over 90 million Americans are uninsured  or underinsured and are unable to afford to go to a doctor when they  become ill.   The isolation and the anxiety caused by this pandemic have resulted  in a horrible increase in mental illness, in depression, in anxiety,  and in suicidal ideation.   Today, as we speak, over half of our people are living paycheck-to- paycheck, including millions of essential workers who put their lives  on the line each and every day. More than 24 million Americans are  unemployed, underemployed, or have given up looking for work, while  hunger in this country--hunger in the richest country in the history of  the world--is at the highest level that we have seen in decades.   Because of lack of income, over 14 million Americans are behind on  their rent, averaging some $5,800 per family, and many of those  families face eviction all across this country. People are worried that  when the moratorium on eviction ends, they are going to be thrown out  of their homes, put out on the streets. Americans who worry about  eviction understand that they must not join the half a million  Americans who are already homeless.   That is some of what we are experiencing today. That is what the  American people understand.   Meanwhile, in the midst of this devastation to the working class and  middle class of our country, the wealthiest people in America are  becoming much wealthier, and income and wealth inequality--a longtime  problem--is now soaring. Incredibly, while families throughout the  country are struggling to put food on the table to feed their kids  during this pandemic, 660 billionaires--not a whole lot of people--have  increased their wealth by over $1 trillion.   As a result of this pandemic, education in our country, from  childcare to graduate school, is in chaos. The majority of young people  in our Nation have seen their education disrupted. Kids are not getting  the learning that they need, falling further and further behind. On top  of that, it is likely that hundreds of colleges will soon cease to  exist.   In this moment of unprecedented crises, the Senate must respond  through unprecedented action. The budget resolution we are debating  today is simple, and it is straightforward. It will enable us to pass  President Biden's $1.9 trillion emergency COVID relief plan through  reconciliation with 51 votes instead of 60.   Now, I have heard from some of my Republican colleagues who tell us:  Well, this reconciliation concept, that is a radical idea. Why are you  using reconciliation?   They are telling us that it is absolutely imperative that we go  forward in a bipartisan way and require 60 votes for passage. But I  must say that when Republicans used this same reconciliation process, I  didn't hear much about bipartisanship at that point. In fact,  Republicans used the reconciliation process to provide trillions of  dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent and large, profitable  corporations by a simple majority vote. The only people who voted for  that bill were Republicans--no bipartisanship in that bill.   My Republican colleagues used reconciliation to open up the Arctic  National Wildlife Refuge for the drilling of oil--once again by a  simple majority. The only people who supported that were Republicans-- not one Democrat.   As we all remember, painfully, my Republican colleagues used the  reconciliation process to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act and  throw up to 32 million Americans off of the healthcare they currently  have. As you will recall, that was a 100-percent partisan vote, which  fortunately lost by one vote.   Further, weeks--weeks--before a Presidential election, the last  election, my Republican colleagues pushed through their nominee for the  Supreme Court with 50 votes. That was a few weeks before the election.  Not one Democrat supported that nominee--a totally partisan vote.   Well, as the incoming chair of the Senate Budget Committee, this is  what I believe: If Republicans can use reconciliation to help the  wealthy and the powerful and pass legislation strongly opposed by the  American people, we can and must use reconciliation to help Americans  recover from the worst economic and public health crisis in the modern  history of our country. In other words, now is the time for this  Congress to stand with the working class and the middle class of this  country and do what the overwhelming majority of the American people  want us to do.   It is worth pointing out that poll after poll shows that an  overwhelming majority of Americans--over 70 percent--support what  President Biden and what we are trying to do. They know we have to act  boldly.   So I hope we will not hear much more about bipartisanship, given my  Republican colleagues' record on that issue.   Let us be clear. The working class of this country and the middle  class are facing more economic desperation than at any time since the  Great Depression. I have to tell you that to me, emotionally, it was a  painful sight to see in my own city of Burlington, VT, hundreds of cars  lined up so that families could get the food they needed to feed their  kids. What happened in Burlington is happening in every State of this  country. People--many of whom have never had any public assistance at  all--are lining up to get emergency supplies of food in order to keep  their families alive.   Whether it is the pandemic, which is killing 3,000 people a day;  whether it is  [[Page S227]]  the economic collapse, which is leaving millions of our people  destitute; whether it is the disruption of education in this country,  which means that kids are falling further and further behind, this  Congress must act and act boldly.   For too long Congress has responded to the needs of the wealthy and  the powerful and big-money campaign contributors. Now is the time, in  this unprecedented set of crises, for us to respond to the needs of  working families, whether they are Black or White, Latino, Native  American, or Asian American.   It is no secret that millions of our fellow Americans are literally  giving up on democracy--giving up on democracy. They think that the  U.S. Congress and the U.S. Government does not care a whit about the  needs of working people. The people who go to work every day, who keep  our country going, who put their lives on the line during this  pandemic, they look at us, and they say: Does anybody there in  Washington--all you rich guys, do you understand what is going on in  our lives?   Well, this week, during this debate, we are not only going to begin  addressing the health and economic and educational crises we face, but  maybe, even more importantly, we are going to begin the process of  restoring faith in the U.S. Government. Maybe, just maybe, we can do  what Abraham Lincoln talked about in the midst of the terrible Civil  War, and that is, be a government and act like a government of the  people, by the people, and for the people and not just powerful special  interests and their lobbyists.   What will this budget resolution mean for the average American? I  know we are throwing out a lot of numbers; $1.9 trillion is a lot of  money. What does it actually mean? How is it going to impact the lives  of ordinary people? Let me just say a few words on that.   Everybody is concerned about the pandemic, which has taken so many  lives and caused so much illness and suffering. What this legislation  is about is an effort to aggressively crush the pandemic and enable the  American people to return to their jobs and schools by providing the  funding necessary to establish a national emergency program to produce  the quantity of vaccines that we need. We need to increase vaccine  production, and, equally important, we need to significantly improve  the distribution of vaccines so that we get them into the arms of  people as quickly as we can.   What this legislation means is that during this severe economic  downturn, we must make sure that all Americans--low-income people,  working-class people, middle-class people--have the financial resources  that they need to live with dignity. This budget resolution will allow  us to keep the promises that we made to the American people and  increase the $600 in direct payments for working-class adults and their  kids up to $2,000--another $1,400.   I want you just to think--whether it is Connecticut or Vermont or  South Carolina or anyplace else--think about, during this terrible  crisis, what it will mean to an average family to suddenly get a check  for $5,600 for a family of four on top of the $600 per person that they  received a few weeks ago. Think about what that will mean to people who  are losing hope right now.   Passing this budget resolution will give us the tools we need to  raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour, expand  unemployment benefits, expand the child tax credit, and prevent  eviction, homelessness, and hunger.   Passing this budget resolution means that during this raging  pandemic, we will be able to provide healthcare to millions of  Americans who are uninsured and underinsured by expanding Medicaid,  improving the Affordable Care Act, and other approaches.   Passing this budget resolution means that we will go a long, long way  forward to addressing the long-term problem of childhood poverty in  America, and that is that by expanding the child tax credit, we have  the opportunity to cut childhood poverty in this country in half and no  longer be the major country on Earth which has one of the highest rates  of childhood poverty.   Let me very briefly mention a few of the specific provisions in the  budget resolution that will enable the Senate to pass this budget under  reconciliation.   First, as I just mentioned, the overwhelming majority of the American  people have told us very loudly and clearly that the $600 direct  payment that Congress passed in December was a good start but is not  enough. In this bill, we are going to increase that $600 by another  $1,400.   We cannot continue to allow workers in America to work at jobs that  pay them a starvation wage. A United States of America job should lift  you out of poverty and not keep you in it. So let us be clear: When we  increase that minimum wage to $15 an hour, not only will we be  providing a much needed raise for tens of millions of American workers,  we will also, by the way, save taxpayers many billions of dollars each  and every year.   Moreover, this pandemic has caused tens of millions of American  workers to lose their jobs through no fault of their own. For 45  consecutive weeks, unemployment claims have been higher than during the  worst week of the great recession in 2008. This budget resolution that  we are considering now will provide the funding necessary to provide 18  million Americans with $400 a week in supplemental unemployment  benefits until the end of September.   So, if you are watching us--if you are watching TV now because you  are unemployed when you would rather be at work--understand that this  bill will extend unemployment $400 on top of the normal unemployment  your State provides until the end of September. We have not forgotten  the unemployed.   Further, all of us know that we have a childcare crisis in America.  It was severe before the pandemic. It is even worse now. This budget  resolution would begin to provide the resources necessary to provide  childcare to 875,000 children in America, and it would expand the child  tax credit from $2,000 to $3,000 and $3,600 for kids under the age of  6. In other words, we hear what working families are going through,  especially those who are struggling and hav children. This will be a  major, major step in improving lives and easing anxiety for young  couples with kids.    In addition, let us not forget this pandemic has had a horrific toll  on the finances of State and local governments, many of which are  literally on the verge of bankruptcy. Over the past 10 months, State  and local governments have laid off some 1.4 million workers, including  50,000 in December alone. These are teachers, firemen, cops, and other  municipal and State employees. The budget resolution that we are  debating today will provide $350 billion to prevent mass layoffs of  public sector workers in State and local governments. The Congressional  Budget Office has said that the best bang for the buck of all the money  Congress has passed so far for COVID relief is to aid State and local  governments.   Further, if there is one thing this horrific pandemic should have  taught all of us, it is that we must no longer consider healthcare as  simply an employee benefit. Healthcare must be a human right. It is  unacceptable to my mind that over 14 million Americans have lost their  employer-provided health benefits over the past 10 months. Over 14  million workers have lost their health coverage, impacting even more  people because there are wives and husbands and children involved as  well.   This budget resolution, will, among other healthcare provisions,  enable the Senate to expand Medicaid. It will allow more Americans to  receive the primary care that they need through community health  centers. It will address the serious shortage of doctors and nurses in  rural areas and inner cities by expanding the National Health Service  Corps and will make sure that our veterans receive the healthcare that  they have earned and deserve by increasing funding at the VA by $17  billion.   In addition, in the wealthiest country on Earth, we can no longer  tolerate hunger in America, and this budget resolution will enable the  Senate to provide nutrition assistance to tens of millions of families  struggling to get the food that they need--and that includes the  disabled and the elderly--by expanding SNAP, WIC, and the Pandemic EBT  Program.   In America today, some 14 million Americans owe an average of $5,800  in back rent. If we do not get our act together, tens of millions of  Americans will soon face the possibility of being  [[Page S228]]  thrown out of their apartments and homes and onto the streets. This  budget resolution that we are debating will provide the funding for  rent relief, utility assistance, and mortgage relief to millions of  tenants and homeowners who are in danger of eviction or foreclosure.   It also deals with the shame of homelessness in America. Today, in  the midst of the dead of winter, we cannot have hundreds of thousands  of Americans sleeping in homeless shelters, in their cars, or out on  the streets. And right here, in walking distance from this Capitol,  there are tents located in parks where Americans are sleeping in the  middle of the winter.   This resolution provides investments in appropriate housing that will  protect the health of our people and help decrease COVID-19  transmissions with safe and socially distant housing.   Further, all of us must acknowledge that there is a pension crisis in  America today. As a result of the greed on Wall Street, workers and  retirees and multiemployer pension plans are in danger of seeing their  retirement benefits cut by as much as 65 percent. That is unacceptable.  Promises were made to those workers, and the U.S. Congress cannot  renege on those promises.   Not only is this $1.9 trillion emergency COVID-relief package the  right thing to do from a moral perspective and a public policy  perspective, it is exactly what the overwhelming majority of the  American people want us to do. According to a recent poll from Change  Research, nearly 70 percent of the American people support President  Biden's $1.9 trillion COVID-19 plan; 83 percent support boosting direct  payments from $600 to $2,000; 64 percent support raising the Federal  minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour; and 62 percent of voters support  additional unemployment benefits.   We are living in an unprecedented moment in American history. The  last year has been a year the likes of which none of us have  experienced in our lifetime. And the American people, who are living in  pain, in anxiety, in isolation--they are looking to the U.S. Senate,  and they are saying: Are you going to hear and understand what we are  going through? Are you going to do something to address the terrible  problems in terms of healthcare, the economy, and education that we are  experiencing?   It is no great secret that, for many years, the Congress has listened  very attentively to the needs of billionaires, to the needs of campaign  contributors, and to the needs of lobbyists. Now is the time for us to  listen to the needs of working families, the elderly, the children, the  sick, the disabled, and the poor. Now is the time to restore confidence  that the American Government works for all of us and not just the few.   I urge passage of this important, important piece of legislation.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following staff members from my staff and from Senator Graham's staff  be given all-access floor passes for consideration of the budget  resolution, S. Con. Res. 5: the majority staff: Michael Jones, Joshua  Smith, Michael Lawliss, Ethan Rosenkranz, and Ari Rabin-Havt;  Republican staff: Nick Myers, Matthew Giroux, Matthew Joe Keeley, Doug  Dziak, and Matthew Rimkunas.   