 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to  me and thank her so much for bringing this issue before the American  people.   For several weeks now, we have all heard discussions about various  aspects of H.R. 1 and H.R. 4. Now, H.R. 4, as all of us know, has not  yet passed the Congress and is now before the Senate.   But I wanted to bring two issues to the forefront here this evening.  The first one has to do with the so-called preclearance that we just  heard a discussion on. I am serving in the Congress today in large part  because of the preclearance in the Voting Rights Act of 1965.   But preclearance came into being because of some targeted  legislation, legislation targeted toward those States that had a  history of discriminating. Therefore, because all the States did not  have that kind of a history, we had to go out and develop a record to  show that this is the reason these particular States are being  targeted. All or parts of seven States were initially covered and, of  course, we all know what happened in Shelby County v. Holder.   The 1965 Voting Rights Act was virtually gutted because the formula  of section 4 is no longer operative. Therefore, section 5 has really  been neutralized, which is the preclearance.   Here is something I want to bring to the attention of the American  people, and that is this: If you were to only pass preclearance as it  relates to a history of discrimination, we will miss what is happening  in the country today. Pennsylvania was not one of those States. Yet, we  see massive discrimination in voting being advocated throughout  Pennsylvania. The same thing is going on up in Michigan.   Now, according to the studies I have read, 48 States have now put  into place or proposed--I think 28 of them have put into place-- restrictive voting laws. Under the standard of the 1965 Voting Rights  Act, these States would not be covered. Therefore, it is time for  everybody to turn their attention to what we need to do about  preclearance.   I submit that preclearance needs to be applied universally to all 50  States, because if you pass preclearance, zeroing in on seven, eight,  nine States, and then another State pops up with a new restrictive law,  that State would not be covered under preclearance, and I think it is  time for us to take a look at that as well.   Madam Speaker, I call upon my friends in the Senate to not wait  around for us to develop this record, though I think it is pretty much  in place, look at applying preclearance to all 50 States.   The second thing I think that we are needing to begin to think about  that is not being discussed is this little thing called nullification;  states enacting nullification laws. If you look at the Georgia law that  they passed, it is very suppressive. It restricts. The thing that is  insulting to me is that little part in there that allows an established  commission to overturn the results of an election, to nullify the  results of an election. None of us are using that word today, but that  word is very prominent when you look at what States are doing.   That violates not just laws as passed by this Congress, that violates  the Constitution. The Constitution is very clear. Article I, Section 4  tells us that no State can pass final judgment on federal elections. No  State. The best argument for that is sitting right there in The  Federalist Papers No. 59. It talks about it and lays out examples as to  why the Federal Government cannot allow States to determine the  election.   That is why the Supreme Court made it very clear that States could  not put term limits on Members of Congress because that is not their  purview. When you see nullification laws coming forward, I think it is  incumbent upon this Congress to step in and do what is necessary to  exert the Constitution of the United States. That is what is at threat  here today. That is why I have argued irrespective of what you may feel  about filibusters.   Filibusters ought not be applied to anybody's constitutional rights  because it will allow a State to give final determination as it relates  to federal elections, and that is as unconstitutional as anything that  can take place.   Madam Speaker, I think that it is incumbent upon the Federal  Government, the Congress, the House of Representatives, and the Senate  to do what is necessary to make sure that the United States  Constitution still reigns supreme.   