 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 264,  which will designate the post office located on Charlotte Street in  Georgetown, South Carolina, as the Joseph Hayne Rainey Memorial Post  Office Building.   I am proud to join with the bill's lead sponsor, Congressman   Tom  Rice, and the other members of the South Carolina congressional  delegation in cosponsoring this important legislation.   This action builds on our efforts in the last Congress to honor the  life and legacy of Joseph Rainey by naming H-150, the former House  Committee on Indian Affairs room in the Capitol, in his honor.   These are just two of the long-overdue actions needed to amplify the  historical significance of the first African American to serve in the  United States House of Representatives.   Congressman Rainey was a trailblazer whose story and place in history  have been overlooked. As a former history teacher who believes knowing  our history is instructive so that we don't repeat the mistakes of our  past, I would like to share with you my fellow South Carolinian's  legacy.   Joseph Rainey, as you heard, was born enslaved in 1832 in Georgetown,  South Carolina. His father was able to buy his family's freedom with  earnings he made as a barber. As a freedman living in Charleston,  Rainey was conscripted by the Confederacy in 1862. Rather than fighting  to preserve slavery, he and his family fled to Bermuda, where he worked  as a barber until the end of the war.   Rainey returned to South Carolina after the Civil War and served, as  you heard, as a delegate to the 1868 South Carolina Constitutional  Convention. He was elected to the State senate in 1870. Later that  year, he was elected to Congress in a special election and was sworn  into Congress on December 12, 150 years ago, becoming the first Black  to serve in the House of Representatives.   He was the first of several African-American Members of this body  during Reconstruction, when the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments were  enforced, however imperfectly, by the power of the Federal Government.   But Reconstruction was short-lived. Jim Crow laws and white  supremacists dismantled multiracial democracy with voter suppression,  nullifications, and violent insurrection. Federal troops were withdrawn  from the South following widespread white supremacist violence during  the 1876 election and the subsequent election of Rutherford B. Hayes as  President.   Joseph Rainey spoke out against the removal of Federal protection of  voting rights, but in 1878, he lost reelection to former Confederate  officer John Smythe Richardson in a district that was, like South  Carolina, majority Black.   Severe gerrymandering reduced the number of Black South Carolinians  in Congress to one in the 1890s. When George Washington Murray lost his  bid for reelection in 1897, South Carolina's representation in Congress  was again all White and remained all White for the next 95 years.   Segregation and Black disenfranchisement were the law of the land  until the 1960s. But thanks to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and its  1982 amendments, I was elected to this august body in 1992.   Today, Congress is still grappling with racial issues, voter  suppression, and, as we witnessed last month, domestic terrorism.   It is fitting and proper that we are taking this step as we are  celebrating Black History Month. I believe we would do well to learn  some of the lessons of American history through Joseph Rainey's  experiences, and I hope today's action will help illuminate his story  and cause us all to reflect on his legacy. We must not allow the  progress we have made toward racial equity since the 1960s to  retrogress, as it did after the 1860s.   To truly honor the contributions of Joseph Rainey and all African  Americans, we must build on this progress by working together to  address our country's longstanding racial inequities and fulfill the  promise of liberty and justice for all.   