 Mr. Speaker, since 1904, Bethune-Cookman University, a  historically Black college, has contributed to a rich, diverse history  in my district in Florida. Four thousand students proudly call this  university home. In Florida's Sixth Congressional District, we are  proud of all of Bethune-Cookman's accomplishments, especially in the  STEM fields. I personally look forward to seeing the statue of Dr. Mary  McLeod Bethune represent the great State of Florida in Statuary Hall  very soon.   Mr. Speaker, minorities make up 30 percent of the United States  population, but nationwide we are seeing a gap in minority  representation in STEM fields. Believe it or not, minorities account  for only 11 percent of the STEM workforce, and that 11 percent comes  after years of slow improvement and diversity inclusion, but does not  factor in how the COVID pandemic has disproportionately affected women  and underrepresented minorities in STEM. There is fear that this  limited progress may be undone by the COVID-19 crisis.   Simultaneously, the demand for STEM skills is at an all-time high.  Over the next decade, the STEM shortage is anticipated to reach 1  million professionals. So we have a math problem.   If we want to maintain America's edge over the Chinese Communist  Party and over our adversaries, then we need to make sure our workforce  reflects our country's diversity and that the numbers for that  workforce are there. We must commit to increasing participation in the  STEM enterprise and supporting individuals and institutions  disproportionately impacted by the coronavirus pandemic.   Minority-serving institutions like Bethune-Cookman University play a  critical role in bringing members of underrepresented groups into STEM  training and careers. By partnering with MSIs, the bill we are  considering today would help increase the capacity for minority  students in STEM curricula and encourage partnerships with industry and  Federal laboratories.   While the Chinese Communist Party is trying to leapfrog America in  STEM, this bill will enhance our domestic workforce to compete. If  America wants to lead militarily, economically, and globally, then we  must lead in STEM.   Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss to not mention the importance of women  as well in STEM. As I have said countless times since I have been  elected, and will continue to say, from my experience as a Green Beret  around the globe, where women thrive in business, in civil society, and  in politics, the fact is that extremism does not thrive. So for that  reason, amongst others, diversity in STEM is a national security issue.   In Volusia County, in my district, just north of Cape Canaveral,  Florida, and the Kennedy Space Center, we are seeing countless  businesses participate in workforce programs like the Space Coast  Consortium Apprenticeship Program. This program and others are making  huge strides to advance STEM curriculum and workforce development.   As the Republican lead on the MSI STEM Achievement Act, I want to  thank Chairwoman Johnson, as well as Ranking Member Lucas, for working  with me to improve participation in STEM at MSIs. For America's  continued predominance in science and technology, I urge my colleagues  to support this important bill and for its passage.   