 Mr. President, the United States is at a crossroads in our  strategy to counter the threat posed by Communist China. It is vital  that we place ourselves in a position to compete with China, to be  sure, but it is equally important that we consider just what kind of  game we are playing and just what kind of competitor we aspire to be.   The bill before us, the Endless Frontier Act, aims to counter China  primarily by boosting technology research and development. No doubt,  these are important components of any strategy to counter China, but,  unfortunately, it goes about it in the exact wrong way--trying to beat  China at its own game and taking us across a frontier that we ought  never to traverse. In fact, models of some of China's own bad  strategies are emulated in this legislation, strategies that are in  exact opposition--direct opposition--to American principles and  American ways of life.   Let's consider some of the hallmarks of communist China. In every  aspect, the Chinese regime grows and centralizes the power of  government at the expense of free citizens and free markets--an  experiment that has expanded into dangerous and even deadly territory.  Take, for example, China's record on human rights.   China has gone so far as to enslave and subject the Tibetan and  Uighur people to forced labor, reeducation, and torture. Under China's  infamous one-child policy, it has brutally and barbarically forced  families to undergo IUD implantation, complete sterilization, and  abortion.   It has a long, dark history of religious persecution and of silencing  dissidents. Under President Xi Jinping, Chinese authorities have  detained millions of Muslims and arrested thousands of Christians. They  have seized control of Tibetan monasteries and closed or demolished  dozens of Buddhist and Taoist temples. They have even practiced forced  organ harvesting of members of the Falun Gong religion.   Or consider China's actions in the realm of foreign policy.   In true imperialist form, China is pushing its Belt and Road  Initiative--a massive, predatory infrastructure project that stretches  from East Asia to Europe--designed to massively expand China's coercive  economic and political influence. It has spread Confucius Institutes  across American college campuses, entangling American universities with  Chinese state policies and turning them into megaphones to repeat  Chinese propaganda. In multilateral organizations, China continuously  undermines longstanding democratic norms, instituting policies that,  instead, benefit the Chinese Communist Party's authoritarian values,  and it has held a tight, cronyist, command-and-control grip over its  economy--heavily subsidizing industries and constantly picking winners  and losers.   While China has picked up some steam through some of these actions,  we cannot ignore that whatever momentum it may have acquired is of  dubious success and minimal sustainability in the long run. You see,  China, under the control of the Communist Party, has, in reality, one  of the least  [[Page S3482]]  efficient economies in the entire world. In terms of GDP per capita, it  is quite the opposite of being at the top of the barrel. In fact, it is  way down, right next to Cuba and Kazakhstan.   It turns out that political corruption and state-owned enterprises  come with some financial dead weight too. The financial cost alone of  enslaving, sterilizing, and brainwashing 12.8 million Uighurs and other  oppressed groups is steep, even as the human cost of this moral  depravity is far worse and infinitely steeper.   Killing future generations' potential through abortion is also as  foolish as it is inhumane. As a result of its decades-long abortion and  one-child or two-child policies, China is on track to lose a third of  its workforce and age faster than any society in history. The ratio of  workers to retirees in China, which is currently 8 to 1, is projected  to whittle down to 2 to 1 in the coming decades. With only two  employees for every retiree, China's pension system, which is already  showing signs of buckling, will inevitably crack under pressure.   It is true that China is aggressive, and it is true that China is  really big, but it is not ironclad in its position of global strength,  to put it mildly. As its population ages more and more and as more of  its land falls into wasted, polluted squalor, it will have neither the  inhabitants nor the resources to continue on its current course of  perceived economic prosperity.   There is nothing about China's principles or about China's trajectory  that we should try to emulate, not in the least. In nearly every way  imaginable, the Chinese regime consolidates power to trample the rights  of individual men and women and quash free expression, the free  exercise of religion, and free enterprise. Nothing could be more  antithetical to the American system of government and the American way  of life. In fact, it is precisely the opposite formula that has made us  the world's strongest and most prosperous nation.   The Founders gave us a Constitution precisely for the purpose of  dispersing and limiting power within the Federal Government and to keep  government, in general, as close and accountable to the people as  possible. And they gave us a Bill of Rights precisely to safeguard  individual liberty and protect our most cherished freedoms--empowering  ordinary men and women to preach and live out their deepest beliefs in  the public square, to gather and speak freely, to bear arms, and to  petition the government in redress of grievances.   You see, the beauty of this design is that it opens up the space for  two separate but mutually reinforcing institutions that are at the  heart of our vision of freedom and that are absolutely key to our  success: a free enterprise economy and a voluntary civil society.   These systems work in tandem for everyone because they impel everyone  to work together--harnessing individuals' self-interests to the common  good of the community and, ultimately, that of the Nation. It is the  free market system that prizes human ingenuity, rewarding people for  putting their God-given talents and their own exertions and resources  in the service of their neighbors.   The free market impels us to ask: What problems need to be solved?  What can I do to improve other people's lives?   It is the free market that created the wealth that liberated millions  of American families from subsistence farming, opening up opportunities  for the pursuit of happiness never known before or since in government- directed economies. These are blessings that never will be known in an  economy dominated by a government.   In America, it has also always been understood that the family is the  building block of society, worthy of protecting and of empowering, and  it has been the cooperation between families, churches, neighborhoods,  clubs, and voluntary associations that have knit together the American  social fabric and made it strong.   In other words, the beauty of the American system is that of opening  up the space for everyday citizens to build creative, productive,  meaningful, and happy lives together. These are the hallmarks of the  American system of government, and these are the things that we ought  to preserve in moving forward   Unfortunately, the bill before us attempts not to double down on our  successes but to pivot to the so-called ``successes'' of China by  federally hijacking research and development and crowding out the  private incentives that bring successful ideas to market. It is a  flawed and, ultimately, foolish strategy.   First, in our free and democratic society, we will never marshal the  will to ramp up taxes and spend China into the ground, nor should we  try.   Second, history has proven, time and again, that centralized planning  is a losing game. The United States has already tried the industrial  policy experiment of picking winners and losers and causing great harm  in the process. In fact, that is exactly how we have ended up with the  terrible protectionist policies like trade wars and the Jones Act.   The strategy of the Endless Frontier Act, however, is rooted in the  mistaken belief that our markets have failed us and that the only means  by which we can jump-start our economy and create innovation is by  trusting in Federal Government bureaucrats.   So what would it do in reality?   It would green-light $54 billion in spending beyond our budget caps,  with additional authorizations of $190 billion, and it would put this  massive amount of money toward more government bureaucracy, producing a  system where the government picks winners and losers in industry,  creating artificial demand for inefficient technologies, crowding out  the good research and development that the private sector already does,  and increasing our manufacturing costs.   If we are to compete with China and maintain our leadership in  technology, what, instead, should be our path forward? What should we  do instead of passing this law that tries to compete with China by  using strategies that work only for China and will never work here and  must never work here?   We have to do what America does and always has done best. Instead of  chilling innovation and competition, we ought to decentralize power and  champion trust in the private sector. We ought to decrease regulation,  not invest in regulatory bodies. We ought to simplify and cut taxes,  not offshore our jobs. We ought to use our critical minerals, not let  them languish. We ought to partner with our allies, not restrict fair  trade. We ought to harvest timber, not organs. We ought to defend  families, not diminish them. We ought to encourage entrepreneurship,  not crony capitalism. We ought to strengthen markets, not government.   Two paths lie before us. I urge my colleagues to choose the better  part and reject this bill.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 1929 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, the United States of America cannot  meaningfully compete with Communist China. If our own government and if  our own Federal regulatory system, one that 25 years ago was costing  the American economy $300 billion a year and is now costing the  American economy $2 trillion, if that regulatory system is hobbling us,  we won't be able to compete.   That is why I introduced this amendment No. 1929, to bring the focus  of the debate back to where it belongs--back to our regulatory  challenges. It sets up a Regulatory Oversight and Review Task Force,  composed of OMB, OIRA, and people in the private sector with expertise  in this area.   The bipartisan task force would have, as its job, to conduct annually  a review of all Federal regulations to figure out what is working, what  is not working, what is harming American job growth, and what is  helping.   Congress would then have the opportunity to review these  recommendations and review recommendations in a way that would  ultimately bring about regulatory reform helping us to compete with  Communist China.   We can't beat China at its own game. We have to beat China by being  our best selves. That is what amendment 1929 will do.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   