 Mr. Speaker, I would say in response to Mr. Green's  passionate speech: Me too.   I rise in strong support of this bill, and I am proud to bring it to  the floor for consideration, Mr. Speaker.   I appreciate Chairman Nadler's leadership in sponsoring and  shepherding it through the committee.   I thank Chairman Scott, as well, for his efforts on behalf of this  very important piece of legislation.   America still has a long way to go when it comes to making our  economy work for women and mothers. We have seen that dramatically  during COVID-19.   Too often, women are pressured to leave the workforce when they start  a family.  [[Page H2338]]    Women should not face discrimination or adverse actions as a result  of pregnancy. I think everybody would, I hope, agree with that.   This legislation would prevent that from happening by requiring  employers, Mr. Speaker, to make reasonable accommodations so that  pregnant workers can remain on the job, earning their incomes.   Now, I know a thing or two about reasonable accommodations, frankly,  as the principal sponsor of the Americans with Disabilities Act signed  by President Bush on July 26, 1990. When I sponsored the bill more than  30 years ago, that legislation incorporated the concept of reasonable  workplace accommodations, in that case, for employees with  disabilities.   Pregnancy, of course, is not a disability. It is a joy. But there are  certainly dangers faced by pregnant workers that could threaten the  health of the woman and her unborn child, including heavy lifting and  exposure to toxic substances.   That is why it is essential for pregnant workers to receive  reasonable accommodations that protect their safety in the workplace  without being demoted or losing their jobs and, of course, to protect  the rights and safety of their babies.   Protecting the rights and safety of pregnant workers in our economy  is something Democrats have championed for a very long time, Mr.  Speaker, and we passed this legislation last Congress, as well.   But I hope that this is an issue where Democrats and Republicans--Mr.  Fortenberry just spoke very well--can come together, in a bipartisan  way, to protect mothers-to-be and their children.   I hope that the Senate will join the House in adopting these  protections, which are so essential at a time when millions of women  are eager to rejoin the workforce and continue pursuing careers that  bring them and their families opportunity and economic security.   I thank Chairman Nadler again for his leadership. I thank Mr. Scott  for his leadership, as well.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this legislation.   