 Madam President, tomorrow we are going to be taking up  the nomination of former Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack and former Secretary  of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and now the nominee to be Secretary of  Agriculture again.   I fully support this nomination. He has received support from farm  and commodity groups across the country, but, more important to this  Senator, he received praise from family farmers in Iowa. However, a few  critics of the former Iowa Governor have raised questions about his  record on addressing racial inequities during his time as Secretary of  Agriculture from 2009 until 2017. I would like to take this opportunity  to set the record straight.   I have long worked toward ensuring Black farmers receive justice for  the decades of discrimination that occurred through many different  administrations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, both Republican  and Democratic.   People have often asked me why in the world a Senator from Iowa would  get involved in this issue. While there aren't many Black farmers in  Iowa, my State has a long history of fighting against oppression of  African Americans dating to the Underground Railroad. There is no  reason to stop that trend.   In my first discussion with then-to-be Secretary of Agriculture  Vilsack in 2009, I brought up my work in what is called the Pigford  consent decree. A provision I led in the 2008 farm bill enabled more  Black farmers to bring their claims forward and authorized the U.S.  Department of Agriculture $100 million for additional settlements.   Mr. Vilsack at that time, talking to me privately, vowed then to work  closely with me and other Senators on issues and then immediately got  to work doing just that, helping Black farmers. Under the leadership of  Secretary Vilsack, the U.S. Department of Agriculture discovered that  the $100 million at that time appropriated wasn't enough to cover the  settlements that Black farmers were entitled to under that consent  decree, so in 2010, part of Secretary Vilsack's budget request included  over $1 billion to ensure a robust settlement for all Black farmers who  were discriminated against for the previous two or three decades. The  Claims Resolution Act was signed by President Obama in December 2010  and implemented successfully by Secretary Vilsack.   Besides the Pigford settlements, a top priority during Secretary  Vilsack's previous tenure was ensuring a comprehensive plan to improve  the USDA's record on civil rights, and that record on civil rights  wasn't very good based upon what I have already said about the Pigford  case but in a lot of other areas as well. Secretary Vilsack made it  clear to all employees that discrimination of any form would not be  tolerated at the U.S. Department of Agriculture.   My support for justice for those who have faced discrimination  remains constant, and I am looking forward to working with Secretary  Vilsack and leaders in the Congress to ensure equal rights for every  farmer and family in this country.   I am glad to have the opportunity to set the record straight on  Secretary Tom Vilsack's solid record in pursuing justice for victims of  discrimination.   Mr. Vilsack is the right person for this job. I know that Secretary  Vilsack  [[Page S759]]  will continue to work for family farmers and spotlight those farmers'  contributions to agriculture and what agriculture does for society as a  whole. As an Iowan, that is part of Mr. Vilsack's very nature.   I urge my colleagues to confirm Secretary Vilsack once again so that  the Department of Agriculture has the necessary leadership in place to  continue the important work, and that is, supporting those who feed and  fuel the country and, indirectly, a lot of people around the world.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   