 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 688, I call up  the bill (S. 1301) to provide for the publication by the Secretary of  Health and Human Services of physical activity recommendations for  Americans, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  to insert extraneous material on S. 1301.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, one of the essential duties of Congress is to preserve  the full faith and credit of the United States. Today, we will once  again take action to do precisely that.   A suspension of the debt ceiling will prevent us from defaulting on  debt we already owe. This is not about new spending. It is about  investments that this Congress has agreed to in the past and previously  approved.   This is about what the American family does every day. They don't get  to say: ``I am not going to make my credit card payment this month. I  am not going to make my mortgage payment this month. Oh, maybe I won't  make my car payment this month. And I won't honor the personal loan  that I signed up for.''   Our vote today is not a novel exercise. Congress has addressed the  debt limit 78 times since 1960 to prevent default, 29 times with a  Democrat in the White House and 49 times with a Republican in the White  House.   Ensuring that the government can finance its existing obligations is  a responsibility that we share jointly in this Chamber. Regrettably,  that apparently is not the case this time.   Our Democratic Caucus, with some hope and help, I believe, from the  Republicans at the right moment, will meet the moment and prevent a  devastating financial catastrophe. We will take the action necessary to  protect businesses, workers, and families.   When Americans' jobs and retirement savings are on the line, we are  going to make sure we do what is necessary to prevent disaster.   Madam Speaker, I encourage every Member to support this critical  measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), Speaker of the House, for a firm rebuttal.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson), a very capable member of the Committee on  Ways and Means.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), whose work on infrastructure is a model for  the Nation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), a member of the Ways and Means  Committee, a champion of the underserved.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Higgins), a very capable member of the Ways and Means  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Washington (Ms. DelBene), a member of the Ways and Means  Committee, chief architect of the child credit expansion.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu), who is a very capable member of the Ways and  Means Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Wisconsin (Ms. Moore), who is always the great champion of expanding  the earned income tax credit.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee), who is always a champion of the industrial  heartland.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Brendan F. Boyle), who is a champion of very  complicated issues relating to the debt ceiling.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans), who is a very capable gentleman. He is  champion of all things Philadelphia, as well as quite knowledgeable  about the debt ceiling.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider), who is a member of the Ways and Means  Committee and well-known for his midwestern values.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta) again, a very knowledgeable member of the Ways  and Means Committee.    Madam Speaker, it is a pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Gomez), whose work on USMCA was  outstanding.    Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), the very capable  Congresswoman.    Madam Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the majority leader, one of the  most capable legislators I have known.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, we keep hearing from our colleagues that somehow we  are asking them to cosign a loan. I am prepared here to vote to lift  the debt ceiling. That is the responsible position.   We have heard a lot today from the other side about why Democrats  should shoulder the responsibility of acting responsibly in terms of  governance, but that is not how governing simply works.   We have been given great responsibility and privilege to serve this  great country, and that responsibility means making hard decisions and  putting the good of the Nation ahead of all else, including day-to-day  politics.   So in my hand, Madam Speaker, I have a $1 bill. For anybody in this  Chamber or who is watching or who has ever had a chance to travel this  great country of ours, you know that wherever you go, you can redeem  this dollar. The purchasing power of this dollar is well known to all.   But you know what is even more fascinating about this? No matter  where you travel in the world, to any nook or cranny of this globe, you  put the dollar on the table and they figure out how to redeem it. This  argument today is about the full faith and credit of the United States  of America. This is signed by the Secretary of the Treasury and the  Treasurer of the United States of America. The basis of redemption is  the trust that we might even have in strangers as it relates to the  transaction of using this dollar to pay our bills.    We have always come together to pay our bills. In 2017, when the debt  ceiling was reached, 183 Democrats, every Democrat present, voted to  lift that limit, joining 133 Republicans.   Resist the ill-considered parts of the argument that have been  offered today and vote for the responsible position to raise the debt  ceiling based upon the full faith and credit of the dollar bill that we  know is redeemed everywhere across the globe.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   