 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, earlier this month, Attorney General  Garland released a memo instructing Department of Justice employees to  respond to increasingly passionate school board meetings across the  country. That memo talks about working to stop the violence and the  threats of violence. That part of it is very fine, but unfortunately  the memo makes it sound like the Department of Justice might want to go  after much more than just violence.   Over the last year, school board meetings have turned from relatively  calm, local affairs to often boisterous meetings that are seen across  the country. This began with parents who were upset after schools were  being closed last year well after we learned that they could safely  reopen in spite of COVID-19. Then these meetings grew to include  pushback against mask mandates for students and against school  districts adopting a curriculum known as critical race theory.   There are many parents across the country who are upset about these  things, and that is their right, to be upset about them and to talk  about them all they want to--after all, freedom of speech, freedom of  assembly.   So here is the issue. The Attorney General's memo spoke of violence  and threats of violence. Make no mistake about it--violence should  never be used to get what you want in politics. It is illegal for a  good reason, and making real, true threats is illegal as well. They  scare people, and that is not right. No one should ever threaten  someone with violence just because they are angry about some school  policy.   Unfortunately, however, the Department of Justice memo goes further  than that. A person reading it might think that a parent can't speak-- really speak his or her mind at a school board meeting; that spirited  debate is not welcome; that very pointed and direct questions from  educators to school board members aren't welcome; that deep  disagreements are not welcome. Parents coming and speaking to their  local school boards is what our democracy is all about--the essence of  our representative system of government. Whether it is Congress, State  legislatures, city hall, or school boards, we ought to be able to have  civil discussion, and nobody ought to question that civil discussion.    Of course, democracy also includes very passionate disagreements. If  an elected official can't handle a passionate disagreement, then he or  she shouldn't go into politics in the first place. That goes for the  President; that goes for this Senator; and that goes for every member  on every school board in the country.   Elected officials don't go crying to the FBI when constituents tell  them something--how they are really feeling on an issue--regardless of  how strong that feeling might be.   If a parent is passionately advocating for her child at a school  board meeting and school officials tell her she is out of line, the  parent should not have to worry that the FBI is going to pay her a  visit in her home after that meeting.   She should not have to wonder whether the PATRIOT Act is going to be  used to investigate her. It should never even cross that person's mind.  If  [[Page S7022]]  it does, then she might just stop talking altogether at a meeting, and  there would be a chilling effect on democracy.   That chilling effect is a very bad thing for democracies. In other  words, it should never happen in the first place. So it is critically  important for the Attorney General to make very clear to everybody  that, short of violence and making true threats of violence, the  Federal Government will have nothing to do with the crowds and the  comments that people make at a school board meeting.   All of my Republican colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee and  I sent a letter to the Attorney General telling him just that. He  should make clear to all Americans that, unless there is physical  violence or a threat of physical violence, Federal law enforcement has  nothing to do with local school board meetings; and he ought to take  into consideration the capability of local law enforcement to take care  of it in the first place.   