 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the  sponsors and managers of this bill have made the point that this piece  of legislation has followed regular order, and I will admit, versus how  things have been passed in the last 10 years since I have been here,  this is a little bit better regular order than I have experienced in  general. But it still does not even come close to giving Members time  to fully consider what we are voting on here. I don't even have a total  score on this. I have been told it is approaching a quarter of a  trillion dollars.   The history of this bill is on May 13, about 730 pages were reported  out of committee. This wasn't exactly the bill that was voted out of  committee, though. Somewhere, somehow, the chair modified at least one  amendment that was not particularly recognizable to those that offered  the amendment.   On 5/19, on September--or May 19, the bill grew to 1,445 pages, and  just today we voted on an amendment, 900 pages. So now here we are at  11 o'clock. We come to the Chamber. For the first time, I see what the  amendments are in the managers' package.   I am sorry. I don't know what these amendments are. I know what my  amendment is. I don't know what the rest of these are. I haven't seen  them. I don't even know how many pages this is. I just have a list. So  you can claim this is regular order. You can claim this is a  deliberative process, but it is far from it.   So I would just ask that the Senator modify her request; that the  Senate stand in recess for 3 hours--only 3 hours--to allow us to review  this package of amendments.   Would the Senator modify her request?    Mr. President, I mentioned earlier that there is no  doubt this bill did go through more regular order than we have been  used to over the last decade. But I think we also demonstrated that the  massiveness of this bill, close to a quarter trillion dollars, over  2,300 pages, many of those pages dumped on us today, and now this  managers' amendment package--we haven't seen it; a few Members have-- does not represent adequate regular order.   I also did not have much participation in the development of that  managers' package. I realize that a couple of my amendments did get in  there, certainly not my priority amendments. I will talk later about  the one that actually got a vote. I only got one vote on one amendment,  and that vote was to simply honor the contracts that we have  outstanding, about $2 billion worth to build the additional 250 miles  of wall to secure our border. But I will come back to that.   Right now I would like to talk about four of my--I probably had about  a dozen amendments but four priority amendments that we tried to get in  this managers' package. There was no consultation with me personally,  maybe a little bit of back-and-forth with staff.   The first amendment really would have codified something we passed  twice out of my committee when I was chair of the Homeland Security  Committee. It was called the GOOD Act, Guidance Out of Darkness.  President Trump issued an Executive order, which basically ordered the  Agencies to publish the guidance that they were creating so that the  American public would know what the regulations were expected of them,  so they understood the rules of the road were--a good piece of  transparency in government. It passed unanimously twice out of my  committee. For some reason, President Biden on his first couple of days  in office reversed that Executive order.   So now we have, literally, executive Agencies pulling down these  websites so the American public doesn't even know what guidances they  are expected to follow. So that would have been a  [[Page S3865]]  very simple amendment. Again, it passed twice out of my committee  unanimously. That didn't make it into the managers' package.   One amendment that I had also introduced--actually was voted on  during the debate over the Iran Nuclear Agreement--simply stated that  any new agreement with Iran that this administration enters into should  be deemed a treaty. That is what should have happened in the Obama  administration. When the JCPOA was just entered into as an executive  agreement but literally was no better than the piece of paper it was  written on because the next President could just do away with it, and  that is exactly what happened.   So this is a very simple amendment. Quite honestly, this should pass  100 to 0. Every U.S. Senator should demand, when you have an agreement  between two nations as significant as the JCPOA, or whatever this  administration might enter into with Iran, it should be deemed a  treaty, and it should come before this body for ratification by two- thirds of this body. That should have been included in this managers'  amendment, but it wasn't.   One threat that this Nation faces--and this relates, I believe,  directly to China because China, in their own military doctrine, does  not recognize a high-altitude nuclear blast as a nuclear attack. A  high-altitude nuclear blast, otherwise known as an EMP, could wipe out  our electrical grid. And for as long as I have been serving here,  administrations of both parties have not paid adequate attention to  this.   So this amendment, vital to our national security, also should have  been included in the managers' package, but it wasn't. Why not? This is  perfectly suited to this piece of legislation. This is an important  national security priority, and this was left out of the managers'  packet.   I would like to have a little bit more time working on this  legislation to insist that this at least gets an up-or-down vote  because I pretty well assumed that this would be accepted by both sides  and not objected to, but it wasn't. Again, EMP, or geomagnetic  disturbance, could represent an existential threat to this Nation, but  it was simply ignored. It wasn't included.   And then the final amendment that was a priority of mine was the SOFA  Act. We are all fully aware of the fact that in this Nation, we have a  crisis of overdoses--of things like heroin and fentanyl. It is plaguing  all of our communities, large and small, every State. No Member of  Congress is unaware of this. We have all heard the tragic stories from  our constituents.   One of the problems with fentanyl is the way it is scheduled to be  illegal. And the problem with that is there are analogs. You can change  the molecular makeup of fentanyl very easily, and then all of a sudden  it is not scheduled as being an illegal substance.   All this amendment would have done is codified what the DEA has been  doing for a number of years, but the DEA regulation has run out   So one more time--this is completely bipartisan. There is no  controversy to this amendment whatsoever--completely, directly related  to this piece of legislation. It is trying to protect this Nation  against China's malign actions. This amendment was left out of this  package.   You might get some measure of sense of why I am not happy with the  managers' package, why I think this body should take a little bit more  time to deliberate; take a few more votes on amendments like this that,  again, should be passed unanimously but were overlooked because, I  guess, the only people really consulted, in terms of amendments, were  those that they felt they could figure out how to get their vote.   And I was pretty solid from the standpoint that I didn't want to vote  for a quarter of a trillion dollars to government Agencies that I don't  think are going to spend that money particularly effectively.   I would like to talk about one amendment that I did get a vote on.  Unfortunately, it was voted down on a largely party-line vote. The  Senator from West Virginia--both Senators from West Virginia, but the  one who does not caucus with us was the only Senator from the other  side of the aisle that supported this piece of legislation.   When I introduced this amendment, I came down to the floor and I  talked about there was a time--and that time wasn't very long ago--when  border security was actually bipartisan. Securing our border, an  imperative to national security, was a bipartisan goal.   Evidence of that was in 2006, the Senate passed a piece of  legislation called the Secure Fence Act of 2006. What that piece of  legislation would do--was supposed to do--was build 700 miles of  double-layer fencing, 700 miles. Now, in the end, only 36 miles of  double-layer fencing was built. The other 613 miles was built, but 299  miles of that was just a vehicle fencing. In other words, pedestrians  can easily walk right through. Another 314 miles was a single-layer  pedestrian fence that, unfortunately, pedestrians can almost hop over,  but they can scale and defeat that fence very easily.   Now, again, proving the bipartisan nature of the Secure Fence Act of  2006, it passed the Senate overwhelmingly with a vote of 80 to 19.  Twenty-six Democrats joined 54 Republicans in voting yes. In the House,  the Secure Fence Act passed by a vote of 283 to 138, with 64 Democrats  voting yes.   So, in total, the Secure Fence Act of 2006 passed Congress with a  combined total vote of 363 votes for and 157 votes against. In other  words, 70 percent of Members of Congress back then voted yes, and 90  Democrat ensured that it was bipartisan support.   By the way, notable Democrats who voted for it were the majority  leader of this body today, the Senator from New York. President Obama  voted for it. President Biden voted for it. Secretary of State Clinton  voted for it. The chairman of Homeland Security, and then my ranking  member when I was chairman, Senator Tom Carper, voted for it, Senator  Feinstein, Senator Wyden. And Senator Sherrod Brown voted for it as a  House Member back in 2006.   We need a fence. Walls work. I think we admitted that fact after  January 6, when we put a double layer of 7- or 8-foot-high fencing,  concertina-tipped wire, and left it up for way longer than it needed to  be left up.   So here in Congress, we are happy to put up a fence, put up walls, as  long as it is protecting us. I mean, it is about time that we build a  wall to protect the rest of America.   Now, what my amendment did is it simply required the administration  to complete construction on the part of the wall that has already been  contracted. We build about 450 miles; 250 has been contracted. We are  going to have to pay for it whether we build it or not, and that is all  my amendment is. Don't waste American taxpayer money, which, if we  don't pass my amendment, that is exactly what is going to happen.   I do want to take a little bit of time, seeing as we have a lot of  time here tonight--and we intend to take that time tonight--I want to  lay out the history of the current problem. So my first chart here is  detailing unaccompanied minors that are apprehended at the southern  border. And these minors are from Central America, from Honduras,  Guatemala, and El Salvador.   Now, I want my colleagues to notice that in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,  2011, we never had more than 4,431 unaccompanied children cross our  border illegally and be apprehended. As a matter of fact, in 2007,  there is less than 2,000 people. In 2008, 4,380; in 2009, 3,288; in  2010, 4,431; and then in 2011, 3,038. So we average under 4,000  unaccompanied children crossing the border illegally and being  apprehended in those 5 years.   Then something happened. And what happened was the Deferred Action on  Childhood Arrivals memorandum. When President Obama got frustrated that  the deliberative process wasn't delivering him the border security or  the immigration reform that he wanted, he used his pen. And he did what  I certainly did not believe was constitutional. As a matter of fact, a  couple of years before that, he said he didn't have the constitutional  authority to do this, but he did it anyway. It has been challenged in  the courts ever since.   But the most significant thing about the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals, other than its unconstitutionality, is what it  sparked, what it was a catalyst for. You notice those who passed in  June 2012 and, lo and behold--and it is not a coincidence--in 2012, all  of a sudden that less than 4,000 annual average became 10,000. The  following year, 2013, 20,805 unaccompanied children entered the country  illegally and  [[Page S3866]]  were apprehended. And 2014 was the crisis year. That is when President  Obama even admitted that this was a humanitarian crisis. We had 51,726  unaccompanied children exploiting our immigration laws, our asylum  laws, all because of DACA.   By the way, what happened in Central America with the passage of DACA  was the coyotes--human traffickers, some of the most evil people on the  planet--I will talk about that later. They talked about the fact that  America changed their policy. Now, as an unaccompanied child, you can  get into America. You get a piece of paper. It is called ``permiso,''  permission to enter the country. That is not what it was at all. It was  a ``notice to appear.'' Do you know what? Coyotes lie. They lied to  Central Americans. So vulnerable children put themselves in the hands  of, again, some of the most evil people on the planet. That sparked  that crisis.   Now, the Obama Administration reacted. I remember going down, when I  became chairman of the committee, on a bipartisan trip to the border,  down to McAllen, TX. At that point in time, Customs and Border Patrol  were overwhelmed, but they did what Customs and Border Patrol often do.  They rose to the challenge. They dealt with this humanitarian crisis as  humanely as they possibly could. They built a facility. They put up  chain-link fences to keep the children safe--the young ones from the  older ones or from the adults. On a bipartisan basis, we sung Customs  and Border Patrol's praises.   Fast forward to the crisis of 2018-2019, and, all of a sudden, that  exact same facility, it was actually upgraded. It was better than it  was. It was more humane. All of a sudden, my Democratic colleagues  started calling that facility one that housed children in cages. What  hypocrisy.   You can see through 2019, once the Obama Administration started  detaining families together, they stemmed the tide. But that didn't  last for long, as I will demonstrate on my next chart.   On a quick explanation of this chart, the gold bars are single  adults. It has been an ongoing problem we are always going to have in  some way, shape, or form--single adults coming to this country  illegally through the southwestern border. What we never had in the  past was this surge, this crisis level of illegal immigration by  children and families.   By the way, some are real families; many are not. Many are families  of one adult and one child. Sometimes they are a child who has been  sold to them. In my committee, we heard testimony of a child being sold  for $84. We heard of children being recycled to be used by multiple  adults so they can come as a family and exploit our laws.   Let me explain how they exploit them. This chart starts in 2012 with  the passage of DACA. Again, single adults are gold, red are  unaccompanied children, blue are family units. You can see the  humanitarian crisis in 2014. It doesn't look like much of a crisis  compared to 2018 and our current crisis, which this administration is  completely denying--completely denying.   We had Secretary Mayorkas in front of our committee 2 weeks ago. I  can't tell you how surreal it was as he blamed the previous  administration for the crisis he created. He talked about how it is  getting better: It is improving because we are getting more efficient.  We are getting more efficient at processing and dispersing.   That is not solving the problem.   Let me go back because what this chart does is it has the cause and  effect. DACA is the catalyst of all of this. It sparked it all. It made  citizens of Central America realize that the immigration system was  broken and easily exploitable. You can see where President Obama  declares the 2014 crisis a ``humanitarian crisis.''   Then President Obama instituted a family detention policy, a  consequence. You couldn't just cross into America and get dispersed  throughout the country, never to show up for your immigration hearing,  move into the shadows, potentially be exploited by human traffickers  and their agents here in America. And that actually helped stem the  problem. It pretty well solved the problem until a court reinterpreted  the Flores decision.   The Flores decision dates back many years, about one little girl who  came to this country. It established standards--humanitarian  standards--which I don't disagree with. America is a humane nation. We  are a nation of immigrants, but it has to be a legal process. The  Flores decision dealt with unaccompanied minors and made sure that they  could always stay in CBP's, Customs Border Protection's, custody and  ICE's custody for only so long before they had to be turned over to  Health and Human Services to then find sponsors or parents. But there  is a time limit on it.   What the Flores reinterpretation did--and I think incorrectly, as did  President Obama's DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, who completely disagreed  with the decision--that court--that unelected court--pretty much out of  plain cloth or whole cloth said: Oh, no, the Flores decision or  agreement applies to accompanied children, as well. It didn't, but all  of a sudden it did by court order.   That created some real problems for the Obama Administration. They  had to choose: Do they continue to detain families as a deterrent, as a  consequence to fix this problem, or do they separate them so they could  detain the adult while they complied with the law under the court  decision? Well, what they decided to do--and I can't fault them for  this--is they kept the families together and they dispersed the all.  That really instituted the process, the policy--the horrible policy of  catch and release, almost open borders.    Now, it took a while for people to understand what was happening. It  took a couple of years, but by the summer of 2019, citizens of Central  America were well aware of how exploitable our laws were. And guess  what. They exploited them.   I certainly learned from the experience of Michael Chertoff back in-- I believe it was--2008. It might have been an earlier year, when we had  a surge of Brazilians coming into Mexico and then coming illegally into  this country through the southern border. I don't have the exact  numbers, but I think it is something like 30,000 in a short period of  time. What Secretary Chertoff did at that point in time is he  instituted a program called ``Texas Hold'Em.'' Basically, it was a  consequence, to apprehend Brazilians and send them right back to  Brazil.   Within a month, the flow of illegal Brazilians was cut by about 90  percent. Problem solved. There was a consequence. We didn't have catch  and release of Brazilians like we now had, and we have again catch and  release of Central Americans coming into this Country.   Based on that experience working with the senior Senator of Arizona,  who was on my committee, we proposed something called ``Operation Safe  Return.'' The basic premise of that program would be, once apprehended,  we would quickly adjudicate that initial asylum claim to see whether  there really was a valid, credible fear.   Understand, if adjudicated, most of the people coming into this  country do not have a valid asylum claim. As generous as our asylum  system is, coming here for economic reasons is not a valid asylum  claim. That is the majority of why people come here. What became of  Operation Safe Return, to a certain extent, is the Trump  administration's policy of migrant protection program, also known as  ``Return to Mexico''--a consequence.   Again, I called my program Operation Safe Return: Quickly adjudicate  those who don't have a valid asylum claim and safely return them to  Central America.   I would have been happy to expend funds to make sure there were  centers to accept people so they could be accepted safely. The Trump  administration, instead, instituted the migrant protection program,  return to Mexico. I realize there are people who don't particularly  like that program, but it worked. It is undeniable that it worked. They  instituted it right here.   Mexico wasn't particularly cooperating. So President Trump threatened  them with tariffs. All of a sudden it got Mexico's attention. Mexico  started cooperating, and you can see how the numbers dropped  precipitously. We basically stopped the flow of children and children  being used to create family units, and we had the problem solved before  COVID hit. This is how you solve the problem.   Unfortunately, during the 2020 election, every Democratic  Presidential  [[Page S3867]]  candidate vowed to stop deportations and also vowed to provide free  healthcare.   I don't deny the push factor out of Central America. I don't deny the  violence, the corruption. When I went down there on a bipartisan codel,  I was surprised talking to the Presidents of Guatemala and Honduras.  They talked about corruption and impunity.   I understand corruption. But what do you mean by impunity?   Well, impunity is pervasive in their society because of the drug  cartels. Why do we have drug cartels down in Central America? It is  because of America's insatiable demand for drugs. That is the root  cause. The root cause of this problem, the push factor, isn't the  violence. The root cause is our insatiable demand for drugs, which puts  billions of dollars in the pockets of the other most evil people on the  planet, the drug cartels, the drug traffickers.   By the way, what we did in our drug interdiction, relatively  successfully, is we shut down the drug flow from Colombia up to the  Caribbean into Florida, and we just redirected it into Central America  and destroyed those nations because those drug cartels are  untouchable--they are untouchable.   One story I heard is about a new police chief and first day on the  job. He gets a DVD, and the DVD is of his wife and children going to  church, going into school--a pretty powerful message: Don't mess with  us. And they don't.   So that level of impunity from drug cartels becomes pervasive through  society. Then you have the extortionists. If you are a cab driver, you  had better pay the fee or they will shoot you and burn you in your cab.  That is what impunity means. That level of violence is facilitated by  our insatiable demand for drugs.   If you are going to fix that root cause, if you are going to solve  the problem of violence in Central America, you have to actually fix  the root cause, which is our insatiable demand for drugs. I wish we  could. I wish it was easy to do. It is not. We want to stop illegal  immigration so that we can fix the problem of the DACA kids and so we  can establish a legal immigration system that works for all of us.    I mentioned my codel down to Central America. The Presidents of  Central America tell me--they beg me: Please, fix your laws. This isn't  good for our countries. We are losing our future. We need these people.   The vast majority, I would argue, are hard-working and are coming  here to improve their lives. I can't blame them for that, but it has to  be a legal process.   That is not working for Central America. It is going to further  impoverish Central America. It is not an economic model that works.   It is certainly not good for migrants who come to this country to  live in the shadows and who are still under the control of the drug  cartels and human traffickers or are in gangs, especially the young  men. The 15-, 16-, and 17-year-olds are used by the drug traffickers to  traffic drugs. The sex trade is the other involuntary servitude.   This is not a good process. We need to solve the problem of illegal  immigration and control our borders so we can have a functioning legal  immigration system.   What happened? What caused this? Isn't it obvious?   You could see the increase in adults coming into this country  illegally during the Presidential debates when the Democratic  Presidential candidates were going: Hey, if I get elected President, no  more deportations. I am going to give you free healthcare. We will take  care of you.   That was a huge incentive, and they came.   Then I think it was the first day, maybe the second day--maybe he  waited that long--when President Biden dismantled the successful  migrant protection program, ``Remain in Mexico,'' and the rest is a  very, very, very sad history.   I will leave that up.   Now, I mentioned that 2 weeks ago we had Secretary Mayorkas come  before our committee, and it was surreal the way they denied that they  had anything to do with this, that this was an inherited problem. I  mean, if it were inherited, yes, it was inherited by the Obama  administration in DACA and in an incorrect court decision in the Flores  reinterpretation. I will admit it was inherited there. It wasn't  inherited here. The problem had been solved. It had been fixed.   What is so tragic about this is that we had pretty well taken the  first step to solving the problem, to having immigration reform, to  controlling the border. Keep these successful policies in place, and  build the fence. Then you can address DACA. Then you can set up a  functioning legal immigration system.   Unfortunately, I only had one round of questions--only 7 minutes-- with Secretary Mayorkas. Again, as he was dodging responsibility, I  didn't get to ask a lot of questions. Here is the list of questions  that I wanted to ask Secretary Mayorkas in a second round that I didn't  get.   I wanted to ask Secretary Mayorkas whether or not he was aware that  human traffickers sell children to adults so they can exploit our  asylum laws as posing as a family unit. I wanted to know whether he was  aware of that. I am quite sure the Vice President is, because the Vice  President was on my committee. She heard this testimony. She should be  aware of it. She should go down to the border.   I wanted to ask him: Are you aware that we heard testimony, under my  chairmanship, that a child was sold for $84?   I wanted to ask Secretary Mayorkas: Are you aware that children are  recycled--that they are sent back over the border to be used by another  adult to pose as a family unit and exploit our asylum laws?   I wanted to ask him: How are you verifying that a child belongs to an  adult?   In one of my trips down to the border and in having heard that  children were being sold, that they were being recycled, that many of  these family units weren't real family units, I saw about a 50-year-old  man. He was holding, probably, about a 2-year-old little girl. Now, I  can't be sure as I don't speak Spanish, and I don't think he would have  admitted it, but my assessment was that she was not his little girl.   On that same trip, we heard about a little 3-year-old boy having been  abandoned in a hot cornfield, with a telephone number written on his  shoe, because the adult for whom he was posing as that person's child  didn't need him anymore and just abandoned him.   I wanted to ask the Secretary: Are they doing DNA tests, and, if so,  what percentage of family units are being tested?   I wanted to ask the Secretary: Is he aware that human traffickers  throw children out of their rafts when they are interdicted by law  enforcement?   When we were down at the border with 18 of my colleagues, we saw a  floating body in the Rio Grande. The next day, a 9-year-old girl  drowned in the Rio Grande. During one of my hearings, I showed a  picture--it wasn't a fun picture to show, but I thought it was  something we should see--of Oscar Alberto Martinez Ramirez and his 2- year-old daughter, Valeria, face down. They had drowned in the Rio  Grande.   I wanted to ask Secretary Mayorkas: Is he aware of the fact that  migrant girls are given birth control because they know such a large  percentage is going to be raped during the dangerous journey that  President Biden's policies are incentivizing?   I wanted to know whether Secretary Mayorkas was aware of the  kidnappings, the beatings, the abuse, and the additional ransoms  demanded by the human traffickers.   I wanted to know whether he knows how much the human traffickers  charge for their human prey and if he is knowledgeable in how they pay  off their debt. Some pay in advance. Some don't have the money. Some  pay later. How do you think a pretty, young girl pays off her human  trafficking debt? How do you think a young minor--a 15-, 16-, 17-year- old boy--who can traffic drugs pays off his debt? I think it is pretty  obvious   I wanted to know: Does he know how many young girls are forced into  the sex trade and how many young men are forced into involuntary  servitude or used to traffic drugs or are gang members? I wanted to  know.   I wanted to know if he was fully aware of how President Biden's  policies created this crisis and how those policies are facilitating  the multibillion-dollar business model of some of the  [[Page S3868]]  most evil people on the planet. I wanted to know. I still want to know.   I think this administration and I think Secretary Mayorkas need to be  held accountable for this human tragedy. Apparently, these policies are  meant to be more humane. They are the exact opposite. The degradations  and the inhumanity are untold. They are only growing, and they are  continuing.   Again, what is so tragic about all of this, in addition to the human  tragedy, is the fact that we were so close. We had pretty well taken  that first step in any immigration reform. We had stopped the flow or  had dramatically reduced it, and we were building the fence. There are  only 250 miles yet to build that we have already paid for. What a waste  of the American taxpayers' money if we don't even complete that fence  and what a waste of an opportunity that we can't take that first step-- complete that first step--for true immigration reform.   This amendment was voted on and defeated, largely, on a party-line  vote. Only the senior Senator from West Virginia joined us, and it is  just such a shame.   You know, America hungers for comity. America hungers for  bipartisanship. This is the kind of bipartisanship they would  appreciate that doesn't mortgage our future and that actually fixes a  problem as opposed to the bill we are considering right now. The  bipartisanship that always concerns me is a mad spending spree--deficit  spending--wherein, over the last 18 months, we have already spent about  $7 trillion that we don't have. I am shocked, by the way, by the  reports that the President's budget is going to be $6 trillion, to be  announced tomorrow, and another $7 trillion in other types of--it  boggles your mind. That is not the right kind of bipartisanship. That  is the type of bipartisanship that mortgages our children's future and  bankrupts this Nation.   I think I have probably had enough time here, and I see that a number  of my colleagues would also like to make a few points.   I yield the floor.   