 Mr. Vice President, as prescribed by the Constitution  and the laws of the Nation, the purpose of this joint session is for  tellers, appointed on a bipartisan basis by the two Houses, to read to  the Congress the results of an election that has already happened. We  are here to receive an announcement of a vote that has already been  certified by every State in the Union and confirmed by the courts many  times--many times over. We are here to watch the current Vice President  open envelopes and receive the news of a verdict that has already been  rendered. It is a solemn and august occasion, no doubt, but it is a  formality.   The Congress does not determine the outcome of elections; the people  do. The Congress is not endowed with the power to administer elections;  our States are given that power.   By the end of the proceedings today, there will be confirmed once  again something that is well known and well settled: The American  people elected Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to be the next President and  Vice President of the United States. Yet a number of our colleagues  have organized an effort to undermine and object to that free and fair  election. They are in the minority. They will lose; they know that.  They have no evidence of widespread voter fraud upon which to base  their objections. That is because there is none. There is none, not  brought before any of the courts successfully.   They know that President Trump and his allies have suffered a defeat  in court after court across the country, losing no fewer than 62 legal  challenges. And, I might add, many Republican-appointed judges--some  appointed by President Trump--rendered those decisions.   They know--you all know--that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are going  to be sworn in as President and Vice President of the United States on  January 20, but they are going to object to the counting of the vote  anyway, and in the process, they will embarrass themselves, they will  embarrass their party, and worst of all, they will embarrass their  country.   This insurrection was fortunately discouraged by the leadership of  the majority party, but it was not quelled.  [[Page S15]]  It is a very sad comment on our times that merely accepting the results  of an election is considered an act of political courage. Sadder and  more dangerous still is the fact that an element of the Republican  Party believes their political viability hinges on the endorsement of  an attempted coup, that anyone--much less an elected official--would be  willing to tarnish our democracy in order to burnish their personal  political fortunes.   Over the course of the afternoon and however far into the evening  this band of Republic objectors wants to take us, Senators of good will  from both sides of the aisle will explain why these challenges must be  dismissed. The Senators from States whose electoral votes are being  challenged will explain how the allegations of fraud are baseless. And  a substantial bipartisan majority must vote to put down these  objections and defend the sanctity of our elections and indeed--and  indeed--our great and grand democracy because that is what we are  talking about today: the health of power democracy, this wonderful,  beautiful, grand democracy where the peaceful passing of the torch is  extolled by schoolchildren in the second grade but not by some here.   As we speak, half of our voters are being conditioned by the outgoing  President to believe that when his party loses an election, the results  must not be legitimate.   As we speak, the eyes of the world are on this Chamber, questioning  whether America is still the shining example of democracy, the shining  city on the Hill.   What message will we send today to our people, to the world that has  so looked up to us for centuries? What message will we send to  fledgling democracies who study our Constitution, mirror our laws and  traditions in the hopes that they, too, can build a country ruled by  the consent of the governed?   What message will we send to those countries where democratic values  are under assault and look to us to see if those values are still worth  fighting for?   What message will we send to every dark corner of the world where  human rights are betrayed, elections are stolen, human dignity denied?   What will we show those people? Will we show those people that there  is a better way to ensure liberty and opportunity of humankind?   Sadly, a small band of Republican objectors may darken the view of  our democracy today, but a larger group of Senators and House Members  from both sides of the aisle can send a message, too; that democracy  beats deep in the hearts of our citizens and our elected  representatives; that we are a country of laws and of not men; that our  traditions are not so easily discarded, even by our President; that  facts matter; that truth matters; that while democracy allows free  speech and free expression, even if that expression is antidemocratic,  there will always, always be--praise God--a far broader and stronger  coalition ready to push back and defend everything we hold dear.   We can send that message today by voting in large and overwhelming  numbers to defeat these objections. My colleagues, we each swore an  oath just 3 days ago that we would defend and support the Constitution  of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that we  would bear true faith and allegiance to the same.   We swore that we took this obligation freely, without any mental  reservation or purpose of evasion, and that we could well and  faithfully discharge the duties of the office we were about to enter,  so help us God.   The precise words of that oath were shortly written after the Civil  War, when the idea of true faith and allegiance to this country and its  Constitution took on enormous meaning. Let those words ring in the ears  of every Senator today. Let us do our duty to support and defend the  Constitution of the United States, so help us God.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.    Senator Klobuchar.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Minnesota    Mr. President, the Senator from the great State of  Arizona, Senator Sinema.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arizona.    Mr. President, it is very, very difficult to put into  words what has transpired today. I have never lived through or even  imagined an experience like the one we have just witnessed in this  Capitol. President Franklin Roosevelt set aside December 7, 1941, as a  day that ``will live in infamy.'' Unfortunately, we can now add January  6, 2021, to that very short list of dates in American history that will  live forever in infamy.   This temple to democracy was desecrated, its windows smashed, and our  offices vandalized. The world saw America's elected officials hurriedly  ushered out because they were in harm's way. The House and Senate floor  were places of shelter until the evacuation was ordered, leaving  rioters to stalk these hallowed Halls. Lawmakers and our staffs,  average citizens who love their country and serve it every day, feared  for their lives. I understand that one woman was shot and tragically  lost her life. We mourn her and feel for her friends and family.   These images were projected to the world. Foreign Embassies cabled  their home capitals to report on the harrowing scenes at the very heart  of our democracy. This will be a stain on our country not so easily  washed away--the final, terrible, indelible legacy of the 45th  President of the United States and undoubtedly our worst.   I want to be very clear. Those who performed these reprehensible acts  cannot be called protestors. No, these were rioters and  insurrectionists, goons and thugs, domestic terrorists. They do not  represent America. These were a few thousand violent extremists who  tried to take over the Capitol Building and attack our democracy. They  must and should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law, hopefully,  by this administration; if not, certainly by the next. They should be  provided no leniency.    I want to thank the many in the Capitol Hill Police and Secret  Service and local police who kept us safe today and worked to clear the  Capitol and return it to its rightful owners and its rightful purpose.  I want to thank the leaders, Democratic and Republican, House and  Senate. It was Speaker Pelosi, Leader McConnell, Leader McCarthy, and  myself who came together and decided that these thugs would not succeed  and that we would finish the work that our Constitution requires us to  complete in the very legislative Chambers of the House and Senate that  were desecrated but we know always belong to the people and do again  tonight.   But make no mistake--make no mistake, my friends--today's events did  not happen spontaneously. The President who promoted the conspiracy  theories that motivated these thugs, the President who exhorted them to  come to our Nation's Capital egged them on. He hardly ever discourages  violence and more often encourages it. This President bears a great  deal of the blame.   This mob was, in good part, President Trump's doing, incited by his  words and his lies. This violence, in good part, is his responsibility  and his everlasting shame. Today's events certainly--certainly--would  not have happened without him.   Now January 6 will go down as one of the darkest days in recent  American history--a final warning to our Nation about the consequences  of a demagogic President, the people who enable him, the captive media  that parrot his lies, and the people who follow him as he attempts to  push America to the brink of ruin.   As we reconvene tonight, let us remember, in the end, all this mob  has really accomplished is to delay our  [[Page S19]]  work by a few hours. We will resume our responsibilities now, and we  will finish our task tonight. The House and Senate Chambers will be  restored good as new and ready for legislating in short order.   The counting of the electoral votes is our sacred duty. Democracy's  roots in this Nation are deep; they are strong; and they will not be  undone, ever, by a group of thugs. Democracy will triumph, as it has  for centuries.   So to my fellow Americans who were shocked and appalled by the images  on their televisions today and who are worried about the future of this  country, let me speak to you directly. The divisions in our country  clearly run deep, but we are a resilient, forward-looking, and  optimistic people. And we will begin the hard work of repairing this  Nation tonight because here in America we do hard things. In America,  we always overcome our challenges.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.    The Senator from Nevada, Senator Cortez Masto.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Nevada.    The Senator from Colorado, Mr. Bennet.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Colorado    I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to Senator Booker and 2\1/2\  minutes to Senator Kaine, in reverse order.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Virginia.    The Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois.    The Senator from Illinois, Senator Duckworth    The Senator from Virginia, Senator Warner.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Virginia.    The Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Casey.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Pennsylvania.    The Senator from New Hampshire, Senator Shaheen.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from New Hampshire.    Mr. President, I believe we have 8 minutes left, so I  would like to divide 4 to Senator King and 4 to Senator Van Hollen.   The VICE PRESIDENT. That is correct.   The Senator from Maine.    And on our side, Senators Wyden, Hirono, and Coons.   