 Mr. President, I appreciate Senator Toomey's comments and  the spirit in which they were delivered.   I rise to urge my colleagues to support President Biden's nominee to  be Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Gary Gensler.   In March, Mr. Gensler appeared before the Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs Committee for his nomination hearing. The committee advanced  him to the full Senate with a bipartisan vote.   Mr. Gensler is an experienced public servant with a strong record of  holding Wall Street accountable. He will lead the SEC at a time when it  has become more and more obvious to more and more people that the stock  market is detached from the reality of working families' lives. Mr.  Gensler will bring the SEC's focus back to the people who make this  country work. He will push to ensure that markets are a way for  families to save and invest for their children's education, for a  downpayment on a home, for a secure retirement, not a game for hedge  fund managers, where workers lose every single time.   Mr. Gensler, as Chair of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,  led the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and  Consumer Protection Act to bring transparency and stability to more  markets. He was tough on enforcement issues. He cracked down on big  banks that had manipulated interest rates for years.   Mr. Gensler is an expert on finance and markets. He previously served  as Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance and Assistant  Secretary of the Treasury for Financial Markets.   He will carry out the SEC's mission--the reason it was created--to  ensure that U.S. capital markets deliver growth and investment  opportunities that grow the real economy and give middle-class families  the opportunity to build wealth. He understands we need to ensure  confidence and stability in our markets as the foundation to grow  American businesses and support the workers who make their companies  successful. Mr. Gensler will listen to families saving for the future  as well as professionals who manage workers' pensions and retirements.  He will make sure that savers, large and small, can hold corporate  executives accountable.   When it comes to enforcement, Mr. Gensler has shown the guts to take  on bad actors, no matter how big and no matter how powerful they are,  and he will hold them accountable.   The pandemic has reminded people just how rigged the Wall Street  system can be.   About 2 months ago, I became chair of the committee that is called  the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. To most in  this body, the committee is just referred to as the Banking Committee  or Senate Banking. This is a committee where Wall Street--it has been  all about Wall Street, little about housing, and damn near nothing  about urban affairs. Those days are behind us. This committee will look  out for small investors. That is why the SEC is so important, and Mr.  Gensler's work. It will help to expand housing, it will make a  difference in communities, and it will no longer be the province of  Wall Street.   If you look only at the stock market, it looks like the pandemic  never happened. The market reached new highs last fall. Families and  businesses continued to suffer. Workers put their health and their  lives on the line to keep businesses running, and once again, hedge  funds and insiders reaped the vast majority of the profits.   We know that over the last decade or so--more than a decade--we have  seen profits go up, we have seen executive compensation explode upward,  and we have seen workers more and more productive. Yet wages have been  flat.   That is our challenge. We saw during the pandemic that was even  worse. It doesn't have to be that way. We can have a market that works  for everyone. Mr. Gensler shares that goal. Under his leadership, the  SEC can protect people's hard-earned savings, can keep our markets  stable, and can make them fair. This will let us create an economy  where everyone can participate.   Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on Mr. Gensler's  nomination.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   