 Madam Speaker, we should defeat the  previous question in order to immediately consider H.R. 4698,  Representative Burgess Owens' bill, called the Say No to Indoctrination  Act.   The Nation has awakened to the insidious ideology, or better said,  theology of critical race theory and its allied neo-Marxian concepts,  all spawned in the fringes of academia.   After a few hardy individuals began focusing on this phenomenon,  Americans have discovered with growing alarm that it seems to be  everywhere: in the media, in the workplace, in our armed services, in  healthcare, in churches, and, yes, in the classrooms where our school  children are taught.   With this daunting realization, employees, soldiers, and moms and  dads from all walks of life have been speaking out.   Now, the proponents of CRT are scrambling. Their first answer has  been to play word games, to ridicule the notion that the ideology is  present. But whether couched as CRT, critical social justice, conflict  theory, race essentialism, intersectionality, White fragility, or many  other names, Americans have seen it and they have caught on.  [[Page H3925]]    So the second line of defense--we just heard it--by the activists is  to erect a straw man to falsely ascribe to those who confront CRT a  motive to deny or conceal racial and group injustice in our history.   But Americans are on to that as well. They know that at the core of  critical race theory is the mission to indoctrinate people, especially  young people, into the idea that our country is forever locked into  group conflict, especially racial conflict, so that the country, and  certainly all White people, are irredeemably racists. It casts the  American principles of individual liberty, meritocracy, and free  enterprise as systems of oppression.   This condemns the progress our Nation has made since first stating  its founding principles.    Madam Speaker, CRT has nothing to do  with teaching accurate history.   It is impossible to overstate the danger of indoctrinating Americans  with the belief that their race, or other group membership, is the  primary determinant of their path in life.   My friends, Mr. Owens' bill ensures that this poison is not funded  with taxpayer dollars. The U.S. Congress should catch up with the moms  and dads confronting school boards across the country.   I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question and  to support Representative Owens' bill.   