 Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  objection.    Madam Speaker, I thank you first and all my dear beloved  colleagues for your love and tenderness, which my family and I will  never forget.   Abraham Lincoln, whose name is a comfort to us all, said: ``We have  got the best government the world ever knew.''   It is best because the first three words of the Constitution tell us  who governs here: We the People.   Watch this proceeding today and tell the world with pride, as Lincoln  did, about the brilliant meaning and promise of our country. Our  Government belongs to the people.   As President Ford said: Here the people rule.   Today we are in the people's House to complete the people's process  for choosing the people's President. We assemble into joint session for  a solemn purpose that we have all sworn a sacred oath to faithfully  discharge. The 12th Amendment obligates each and every one of us to  count the electoral votes to recognize the will of the people in the  2020 Presidential election.   We are not here, Madam Speaker, to vote for the candidate we want. We  are here to recognize the candidate the people actually voted for in  the States.   Madam Speaker, the 2020 election is over and the people have spoken.  Joe Biden received more than 80 million votes. Seven million more than  President Trump. A number larger than any other President has received  in U.S. history. The sweeping popular victory translated into an  electoral college victory of 306-232, a margin which President Trump  pronounced a landslide when he won by those exact same numbers in 2016.   So now we count the electoral votes that were just delivered to us in  the beautiful mahogany cases brought by those hardworking Senate pages.  These mahogany cases contain only the 538 electoral votes that were  sent in by the States, not the 159 million ballots that were cast by  our constituents. Those were counted 2 months ago by hundreds of  thousands of election officials and poll workers across America who  risked their health and even their lives in the time of COVID to  deliver what our Department of Homeland Security called the most secure  election in American history. Many of these officials have endured  threats of retribution, violence, and even death just for doing their  jobs.   Just as the popular vote was for Biden, so was the electoral vote. On  December 15, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell recognized it.  ``The electoral college has spoken,'' the Senator said from the Senate  floor. ``Today I want to congratulate President-elect Joe Biden.''   Yet, we have seen escalating attacks on our election with unfounded  claims of fraud and corruption. More than 60 lawsuits have been brought  to date seeking to overturn the results. They have failed repeatedly  and they have failed spectacularly.   Every objection we hear today maligning our States and their  officials--both Republican and Democrat--has been litigated,  adjudicated, and obliterated in both Federal and State Courts. The  President has not just had his day in court, Madam Speaker, he has had  more than 2 months in court looking for a judge to embrace these  arguments. In more than 50 cases, Madam Speaker, at least 88 different  judges, including many appointed by the President himself, have  meticulously rejected the President's claims of fraud and corruption.   Take Georgia U.S. District Court Judge Steven Grimberg, who was named  to the bench by President Trump last year. He rejected President  Trump's prayer to block certification of Biden's victory in Georgia,  saying it ``has no basis in fact or law.''   Take U.S. District Judge Brett Ludwig, another Trump nominee who took  the bench in September. He dismissed a lawsuit seeking to overturn the  results in Wisconsin, calling it ``extraordinary.''   He said: ``A sitting President who did not prevail in his bid for  reelection has asked for Federal Court help in setting aside the  popular vote based on . . . issues he plainly could have raised before  the vote occurred.   ``This court allowed the plaintiff the chance to make his case, and  he has lost on the merits.''   Trump has asked for the rule of law to be followed, Judge Ludwig  observed, and he said definitively: It has been.   I have been a constitutional law professor for 30 years, and if I  were to test my students on these decisions, it would be the easiest  test in the world because the plaintiffs have lost nearly every case  and every issue in the most sweeping terms. That is all they would have  to remember. There is no basis in fact or law to justify the  unprecedented relief that is being requested of nullifying these  elections.   We are here to count the votes. Let us do our job.    Madam Speaker, the baseless attack on Pennsylvania and  its electors brought to mind, for me, the great Tom Paine, the champion  of popular democracy, who came over to America to fight with us in the  Revolution against the king. He lived in Philadelphia, where he wrote  ``Common Sense'' and ``The Age of Reason.'' And Paine said: In the  monarchies, the king is the law; but in the democracies, the law will  be king.   When you think about it, the peaceful transfer of power is the  central condition of maintaining democracy under the rule of law. That  is why the famous election of 1801 was such a big deal.   When John Adams relinquished the Presidency to his passionate  adversary and lifelong friend Thomas Jefferson, it was the first  peaceful transition of power between democracies in a democratic  republic in the history of the world.   And he said, as he rode back to Massachusetts from Washington, Adams  said that he did this because we are a government of laws and not of  men. We will betray this principle if we trade a government of laws for  a government of men or, even worse, a single man, or an impressionable  and dangerous mob  [[Page H112]]  intent on violent sedition and insurrection against our beloved  democratic Republic.    Here is Abraham Lincoln right before the war. At what point, then, is  the approach of danger to be expected? I would answer, if it ever  reaches us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad.  If destruction be our lot, we must, ourselves, be its author and its  finisher.   Madam Speaker, my family suffered an unspeakable trauma on New Year's  Eve a week ago. But mine was not the only family to suffer such  terrible pain in 2020. Hundreds of thousands of families in America are  still mourning their family members. Many families represented in the  Congress are still mourning their family members who have been taken  away from us by COVID-19, by the opioid crisis, by cancer, by gun  violence, by the rising fatalities associated with the crisis in mental  and emotional health.   Enough, my beloved colleagues. It is time for America to heal. It is  time for our families and communities to come together. Let us stop  pouring salt in the wounds of America for no reason at all. Let us  start healing our beloved land and our wonderful people.   