 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 403, I call  up  [[Page H2561]]  the bill (H.R. 1629) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act  with respect to limitations on exclusive approval or licensure of  orphan drugs, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks and add extraneous material on H.R. 1629, the Fairness in  Orphan Drug Exclusivity Act.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1629, the Fairness in Orphan Drugs  Exclusivity Act, a bill that will help make some prescription drugs  more affordable for the American people.   This Democratic Congress is committed to lowering the costs of  prescription drugs so that families are no longer forced to choose  between paying for a lifesaving drug or food and rent. This legislation  today, H.R. 1629, closes the loophole that has blocked patients from  accessing cheaper generic drugs.   Last Congress, this legislation passed the Energy and Commerce  Committee and the House by voice vote. Last week, it garnered support  from a large majority in the House but not the two-thirds necessary to  pass under suspension of the rules. And so, we are here again today to  debate and pass H.R. 1629 that will help us address two national  crises: first, the soaring costs of prescription drugs; and second, the  ongoing opioid epidemic.   Madam Speaker, this legislation does that by closing a very narrow  but real loophole in a program known as the orphan drug program. This  program was created through the Orphan Drug Act, which has been  successful in basically doing more research and discovery of new  therapies to treat and even cure rare diseases. The law incentivizes  the development of these lifesaving therapies by awarding 7 years of  market exclusivity to manufacturers who receive orphan drug status.   There are two ways that manufacturers can receive these incentives.  The first is when manufacturers develop drugs approved to treat  diseases with patient populations of 200,000 or fewer. And the second  way is if the manufacturer believes that the research and development  costs are not expected to be recouped by sales of the underlying drug.  This is known as the cost recovery pathway. It is rarely used, but  unfortunately, it has led to manufacturers sometimes inappropriately  receiving additional exclusivity and, therefore, delaying lower cost  generics from coming to the market.   For example, under certain circumstances, if a manufacturer receives  orphan drug status for one drug, that status and its incentives can be  passed on to future drugs if those drugs treat the same condition and  have the same active ingredient. The status and incentives would be  available even if those future drugs do not meet the orphan drug  qualifications.   What this means, Madam Speaker, is that future drugs can benefit from  the 7 years of market monopoly without having to demonstrate that the  drug will treat a population of 200,000 or fewer or that they may not  be able to recoup the costs of producing the drug.   As a result of this loophole, some manufacturers are marketing widely  used drugs to large populations while also blocking generic competition  from coming to market.   Now, if I can give an egregious example of this, it comes from one of  our most effective drugs to combat opioid use disorder. In 1994, an  oral formulation of buprenorphine was granted orphan drug status. At  the time, it was not expected that the drug would be prescribed  frequently, and as a result, it was unlikely the manufacturer would  recoup its development costs. More than 20 years later, however, in  2017, the same manufacturer developed a new injectable formulation of  the same drug with the same active ingredient to treat the same  condition. As a result, the manufacturer was able to prevent cheaper  generics from coming to market.   But by 2017, the opioid epidemic worsened. Our response to the crisis  [[Page H2562]]  evolved, and millions were eventually prescribed buprenorphine for  treatment, generating billions of dollars in sales.   We know that buprenorphine was not an orphan drug as the law  envisions. Nevertheless, the new injectable drug was automatically  granted orphan drug status and exclusivity based on the original oral  drug's orphan drug designation. This delayed the cheaper generic  treatments for opioid use disorder from coming to market, and it kept  the price of the drug high and limited access for those in need of  treatment.   While the FDA eventually recognized this issue with this particular  drug and revoked its orphan drug designation, its exclusivity delayed  generic competition that otherwise would be on the market today.   The bottom line is, Madam Speaker, we need every tool available to  combat the opioid epidemic, including low-cost, affordable medication  treatments, and loopholes like this have to be closed.   H.R. 1629 would stop this from happening again in the future. It  requires drug manufacturers to demonstrate in their application to the  FDA that each drug application considered under the Orphan Drug Act  cost recovery pathway would be unable to recoup development costs at  the time of approval. This would include all drugs that seek the orphan  drug designation under the cost recovery pathway, including the  injectable buprenorphine example I just described. The bill would also  ensure that these rules apply to drugs already on the market, so no  drug manufacturers can claim orphan drug status without first meeting  this requirement.   Now, I want to explain, because I know this is complicated, this bill  is narrowly tailored to fix a narrow but very real loophole in the law.  We cannot allow these manufacturers to game the system any longer, and  that is why we have to close this loophole today.    I thank Congresswoman Dean, who is the sponsor of the bill. The  merits of this bill are obvious, and I know she is going to talk about  it more, but that is why it has received strong bipartisan support. I  am confident that it will once again get bipartisan support today, make  its way through the Senate, and the President will sign it.   I regret that we were not able to pass this legislation last week  under suspension, but I believe that we will come together today to  close this loophole. I thank our ranking member of the full committee,  Mrs. Rodgers, for all of her help with this.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean), the sponsor of this bill.   I commend her for all the work she has done on this bill. This has  been several Congresses now, and we are hoping this will be the final  one where we get this bill passed.    Madam Speaker, I would ask for support for this bill  from both sides of the aisle. As I have mentioned in the past, it has  passed the House previously.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   