 Madam Speaker:   (English translation of the statement made in Hawaiian by Mr. Kahele  is as follows:)   The dark, clouded heavens weep. The spirit has embarked on the path  with no return.       Ua kani mai ka papa wa`a      Ua ue ka lani po panopano      Ua lele ka `uhane i ke ala ho`i`ole mai    Madam Speaker, I stand before you today to share with you and the  Nation the sad news of the passing of a great navigator, leader,  educator, and friend, Chad Kalepa Baybayan.   On March 8, 1975, the deep-sea voyaging canoe Hokule`a was launched.  Born of legends and stories brought to life through the paintings of  the acclaimed Hawaiian artist Herb Kane, it was the first Hawaiian  voyaging canoe to sail Hawaii's waters in over 600 years and became a  catalyst for Hawaiian pride and identity during the Hawaiian  renaissance.   At the age of 19, Kalepa's first connection to Hokule`a was on the  shores of his home island of Maui in 1975 during Hokule`a's sail trials  and crew training. This first connection inspired him and forever  changed his life. He has diligently served the voyaging movement ever  since, learning, growing, then mastering and teaching the next  generation of navigators.   Kalepa also believed deeply in the importance of education as a  vessel to expand the reach of voyaging, and the legacy of education his  kupuna and lahui, his ancestors and nation, left for him to continue.   Kalepa obtained a bachelor's in Hawaiian studies and a master's in  education, all while being intimately involved with voyaging and  wayfinding. He was fluent in `olelo Hawaii and had a firm belief that  indigenous knowledge guiding modern technologies will hold the answers  to many of the challenges facing our world today.   In his professional career, Kalepa served as the site director of  Honukai, the exploration sciences division of the `Aha Punana Leo,  where his dedication to his language, culture, and love of voyaging  inspired him to build the first Hawaiian language voyaging canoe,  Hokualaka`i, that touched hundreds of students and introduced them to  voyaging through the perspective of his native tongue.   Kalepa then went on to serve as the first-ever navigator in residence  at the `Imiloa Astronomy Center at UH Hilo, which he helped to  establish. His work at `Imiloa also allowed him to engage in the  international indigenous education movement while also engaging in the  various sciences, bringing the knowledge of his people to the world.   Kalepa was one of just five Native Hawaiian navigators inducted into  the rank of Pwo by the late Satawalese Master Navigator Pius ``Mau''  Piailug in 2007. When asked about the kuleana, or responsibilities of  being a Pwo master navigator, Kalepa would always simply state that  being Pwo is being a light for your community and for your people.   Most recently, Kalepa was key to the success of the World Wide  Voyage, which took the voyaging canoe Hokule`a around the world on 31  legs to over 150 ports in 18 nations and to these very shores of  Washington, D.C., in May 2016, bringing attention to the health of the  oceans, its people, and the need for a more sustainable world.   Kalepa crewed 18 of the 31 legs of this 3-year voyage and, over his  career, logged more miles voyaging than any other crewmember in the  nearly five-decade history of the Polynesian voyaging canoe Hokule`a.   Kalepa was first and foremost a dedicated and loving husband, son,  sibling, father, and grandfather who sought tirelessly to do his part  in creating a better world for his `ohana, his family, and for all  children of the world. His unwavering commitment to being a light to  his community and his desire to make this world a better place has  always shone forth.   I say to my colleagues that Kalepa is a prime example of the type of  leader we should all aspire to be, one who inspires others to action  while at the same time creating opportunities, oftentimes when they  least expect it, for them to fulfill their responsibilities to their  communities.   Madam Speaker, on April 8, 2021, Kalepa took his final voyage from  this earthly realm, e ola mau loa ka inoa `o Chad Kalepa Baybayan. His  legacy will live on. May we learn from this legacy of service as we  lead this Nation and navigate the waters ahead. Mahalo.   