 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, just 4 short months ago, hopes were  running high in the Middle East. ISIS was wiped off the map, the  Iranian regime and its terrorist proxies were in retreat, and Israel  was forging historic peace deals with its neighbors. All along the way,  the United States was instrumental in this progress.   But in just a few months, the Biden administration has dashed those  hopes with its policy of weakness and appeasement. The forces of terror  are again on the march. Pillars of smoke and fire are rising from Tel  Aviv and the holy city of Jerusalem. The assault on Israel by terrorist  groups like Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad is the latest and  most concrete evidence yet that the Middle East is spiraling toward  chaos.   But instead of standing firm with Israel, the Biden administration's  policy of endless accommodation is fanning the flames of conflict. The  President should show strength. Instead, he is broadcasting indecision  and weakness. Our greatest ally in the Middle East is under attack. Yet  the Democratic Party refuses to say: We stand with Israel. The night  sky over the Jewish State blazes with the starbursts of intercepted  rockets, and the Biden administration only offers muted calls for  restraint.   Where are the righteous denunciations of the terrorists responsible  for these repeated, premeditated, and unprovoked attacks? Where are the  statements of solidarity with Israel? Please. From this administration  and from this Democratic Party, we can't even get the President's  spokeswoman to say that the United States would help resupply munitions  for Iron Dome, Israel's lifesaving missile defense system.   So this afternoon, let me provide a little clarity that the President  and his party appear incapable or unwilling to articulate. The fault  for the death and destruction in the streets of Tel Aviv, Jerusalem,  Gaza, and the West Bank lies not with the Israeli Government, much less  with the Israeli people. The belligerents in this conflict aren't  morally equivalent, the way it is often presented in supposedly  enlightened circles. Put simply, there are good guys, and there are bad  guys. Israel seeks peace. Terror groups seek death and destruction.  Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad are not legitimate state  actors. They don't speak for the Palestinian people and don't truly  care about them.   These groups are terrorist organizations run by evil men who commit  evil acts in pursuit of the evil dreams of an evil ideology. They  purposely fire waves of unguided rockets at civilian targets, while  they protect themselves from reprisal using babies, hospitals, schools,  and dupes in the media as shields--what cowards, attacking innocent  civilians while they hide behind women.  [[Page S2536]]    Of course, Hamas and the Islamic Jihad don't act alone. The  Palestinian Authority supports, encourages, and funds terrorism in the  form of so-called martyr payments--pensions paid to terrorists who  attack Jews. The PA perpetuates cycles of violence by refusing to  acknowledge the existence of Israel, teaching anti-Semitism in its  schools and leaving its people to wallow in poverty as wards of the  international community.   And we all know who funds and arms Palestinian terrorist  organizations, the world's foremost supporter of terrorism, the Islamic  Republic of Iran. For decades, Iran's theocrats have staged  demonstrations where their fanatical supporters scream: ``Death to  America'' and ``Death to Israel.'' The assault on Israel today shows  that those chants are not idle threats.   Iran's ayatollahs are deadly serious about wiping the Jewish State  off the map. That is why Iran arms Palestinian terrorists with some of  its most lethal weapons. Hamas's arsenal of 10,000 rockets might as  well have ``Made in Iran'' stamped on the side.   Those are the villains of this conflict, but let's not forget the  heroes. Standing courageously against this organized onslaught is the  State of Israel, our closest ally in the region. Over the past week,  terrorists have fired approximately 3,000 missiles and rockets into  Israel. In response, Israel has defended itself with technological  miracles like Iron Dome. It has carried out precision airstrikes  against military targets, and, as always, Israel has gone to  extraordinary lengths to minimize civilian casualties, despite the  terrorists' best efforts to maximize and then publicize any carnage.   While Hamas and the Islamic Jihad fire indiscriminately from  Palestinian schools, office buildings, and apartments, Israel responds  by hitting those launch sites, but only after--only after--they warn  civilians, allowing them to evacuate first. Regrettably, these warnings  also allow terrorists to escape, but Israel bears that cost because it  values innocent life, unlike its terrorist enemies.   You may have heard of one recent example Last week, Israel carried  out an airstrike against a building used by Hamas intelligence  personnel, a building that also housed the Associated Press. An hour  before the airstrike, the Israeli military called the AP and other  civilians in that complex and warned them to depart. This precaution,  once again, allowed Hamas terrorists to escape but also allowed  reporters and other civilians to vacate the premises before the  airstrike occurred. As a result, no civilians died, and Hamas lost a  terrorist haven.    Now, in any other country and with any other military--except  America's, I have to add--one would hear praise for that military's  restraint and commitment to the laws of order. But because this  military is the IDF and the country is Israel and the people are the  Jews, they are widely condemned around the world and on the left in  America.   If you cut through the hysterics and the hyperbole, you can see the  truth clearly: One side seeks to maximize carnage and the other seeks  to minimize civilian casualties.   Besides, I must observe, why is the Associated Press sharing a  building with Hamas? Surely, these intrepid reporters knew who their  neighbors were. Did they knowingly allow themselves to be used as human  shields by a U.S.-designated terrorist organization? Did AP pull its  punches and decline to report for years on Hamas's misdeeds?   I submit that the AP has some uncomfortable questions to answer. Yet  the AP and its fellow journalists are in high dudgeon about Israel's  wholly appropriate airstrike. Leave it to whiny reporters to make  themselves the story and the victim when terrorists are shooting  missiles at innocent civilians.   In any event, the moral standing of the competing forces in this  conflict is simple and clear. Our greatest ally and the only democracy  in the region against an Islamist theocracy and its terrorist  partners--most Americans know which side they are on. I speak for them  when I say that we stand with Israel.   Unfortunately, too many elected Democrats have taken a different  stand. Members of the so-called ``Squad'' in the House of  Representatives have called Israel an apartheid state and accused it of  war crimes. Remember, these aren't obscure backbenchers. Many Democrats  herald these Representatives as the future of their party.   Meanwhile, 27 Democratic Senators have called for an immediate cease- fire to the conflict. Even the Democratic floor leader, who has long  styled himself as Israel's great defender, has joined this moral  equivalence, calling for immediate cease-fire.   Hear me clearly. The handwringing calls for a cease-fire are  tantamount to Hamas propaganda. Both sides are not the same in this  conflict, no matter what the Democrats naively imply. If Hamas puts  down its weapons, there would be peace. If Israel puts down its  weapons, there would be no Israel.   Thankfully, Israel's leadership is resolute, united, and committed to  victory. The United States should respond to this terrorist onslaught  with equal resolve. That means we should give Israel the time, space,  and resources to destroy Hamas's war machine and protect its own  people. We should also ensure that Israel has the military hardware to  weather this crisis. Hamas may have as many as 10,000 missiles,  rockets, and mortars in reserve. Meanwhile, Hezbollah lurks to the  north with many times that arsenal. We should, therefore, endeavor to  ensure that Israel has more interceptors for Iron Dome than Hamas has  rockets to kill Israelis. Moreover, we ought to cut off aid to the  Palestinian Authority until we can be absolutely sure that not a dime  of taxpayer money is being used to buy and build rockets or pay  pensions for murderous terrorists.   And, finally, the Biden administration ought to immediately end its  misguided flirtation with the theocrats in Iran by recalling its chief  negotiator and appeaser, Rob Malley, from negotiations in Vienna. If  the Biden administration reenters the failed Iran nuclear agreement and  grants sanctions relief to the regime in Tehran, in very short order  that appeasement payoff will be converted into rockets aimed at Israel,  as well as at American troops throughout the region.   While Israel is under attack, we have heard plenty of talk and  mealymouthed statements from politicians. But in this moment of crisis,  Israel needs more than words. Israel needs and deserves our full  support to defend itself and its people and to achieve a just and  lasting peace.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   