 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, inflation soared to a 31-year high in  October.   Now, after thinking about it, it seems President Biden and his allies  are sensing inflation may endanger their reckless tax-and-spending  agenda. Now, as a result, they have taken to arguing that the cure for  the inflation spurred by their reckless spending is to pursue even more  reckless spending.   I am not buying it. The American people aren't buying it either.   President Biden and his allies have been wrong about inflation from  day one, and they are wrong now. Immediately after taking office, we  all know what happened: They pursued a partisan $2 trillion liberal  wish list package under the guise of COVID relief, and only 9 percent  of it was to fight COVID.   Congress had already approved $4 trillion in bipartisan relief,  including a nearly $1 trillion bill, only a month prior to the  President's inauguration. And all that money that was spent recovering  from Congress shutting down the economy in March of 2020 was all passed  in a bipartisan, cooperative way, not like bills this year are tuned up  to just be partisan, with the majority Democrats of the House and  Senate supplying all the support.   Now, our economy was already on the road to recovery when the  President was sworn in, and highly effective vaccines were allowing  economic activity to bounce back, and it did bounce back quickly.   I, along with many on my side of the aisle, warned that adding $2  trillion on top of the existing relief--that money still entering the  economy--risked sparking inflation, and it has.   And it wasn't just Republicans sounding the inflation alarm. Longtime  Democratic economist Professor Larry Summers, who held top posts in  both the Obama and Clinton administrations, also made his inflation  concerns known. So Democrats in Congress and the White House don't even  heed the advice of their own.  [[Page S8340]]    In a February Washington Post op-ed, Professor Summers warned  President Biden's so-called COVID package might ``set off inflationary  pressures of a kind [that] we have not seen in a generation, with  consequences for the value of the dollar and financial stability.'' Six  and two-tenths inflation just announced, which proves that Professor  Summers was right.   With a prominent liberal economist such as Larry Summers raising  inflation concerns, wouldn't one think the President of the United  States would begin to take the risk of inflation very seriously? It is  not how it is turning out. Instead, President Biden and senior  administration officials are doubling down, arguing the real risk was  not spending enough.   Now, think about that for a second. Congress had already spent almost  as much responding to COVID, in inflation-adjusted dollars, as it did  in waging World War II. Yet we are somehow expected to believe too  little spending, not inflation, was the real risk.   In reality, President Biden and congressional Democrats were simply  determined to not let a crisis go to waste. They couldn't let a ``high  class problem'' like inflation get in the way of passing ``the most  progressive piece of legislation in history.''   How out of touch is that? Remember, inflation is a regressive tax  that hurts the poor the most, increasing the cost of food, clothing,  and shelter; in other words, affecting the basic essentials of life.  Then, in the months to follow, inflation began to tick upward. In  April, inflation clocked in at an annualized rate of 4.1 percent--the  highest spike since the financial crisis of 2008.   Nothing to see here, the Biden administration officials said. That  inflation was solely due to ``base effects''--those are their words,  ``base affects''--that resulted from prices being suppressed during the  pandemic.   In a month or two, they said inflation was to return to normal or you  heard the word ``transitional'' inflation, as Fed Chairman Powell was  preaching to the entire country. Now, of course, Powell has changed his  mind, to some extent.   Now, around the same time, President Biden released his reckless tax- and-spending agenda, calling for an additional--can you believe it?-- $4,000 in spending?   Professor Larry Summers again sounded the inflation alarm warning,  ``[W]e are injecting more demand into the economy than the potential  supply . . . and that will generate overheating.''   Now, skip ahead a month to June. Inflation surges to 5.4 percent.  Again, the administration claims that there is nothing to worry about.  Again, we are told inflation is merely transitory and solely the result  of bottlenecks in the supply chain.   Inflation remained at those elevated levels of 5.4 percent July  through September. Inflation was persisting longer than the  administration expected. But they were still sure it was only  transitory.   According to President Biden, ``[N]o serious economist''--those are  his words--``[N]o serious economist'' was predicting spiraling  inflation. Really? Larry Summers, a Harvard professor and former  Clinton Secretary of Treasury, isn't a serious economist?   I will tell you how serious of an economist he is. I think he got on  the Harvard staff at a very young age with a title of distinguished  professor. And I think he was only about 30 years of age at that time.  Then, early this month, the inflation numbers for October were  released. Inflation surged to 6.2 percent. That is the highest  inflation rate in 31 years.   Only then did the administration begin to acknowledge that inflation  is a problem. To do otherwise would be an insult to the intelligence of  the American public. Hard-working Americans have been experiencing  historically high price increases for more than half a year.   The Biden inflation tax on average Americans is now $175 a month,  which equates to about an extra $2,100 of costs every year. Gone are  the claims that inflation is transitory. Instead, according to  President Biden, ``[i]nflation hurts Americans' pocketbooks, and  reversing this trend'' is his ``top priority.''   Now, President Biden and his allies claim the key to reversing this  inflation trend is to enact the same reckless tax-and-spending agenda  that they have been pursuing all year. How convenient. The solution to  surging inflation is the same agenda he has been passing all along.   I won't go as far as President Biden and try to claim no serious  economist agrees with him. However, even the economists cited by the  administration as supporting their agenda do have caveats. Those  caveats include that their spending policies are entirely paid for and  are structured in a way that will increase labor productivity.   The current version of their spending plans doesn't come close to  meeting those huge caveats. The President claims his agenda is  completely paid for, but those claims rest solely on sleight of hand  and budget gimmickry.   Their largest gimmick comes from artificially sunsetting spending  provisions that they do not intend to expire while imposing a permanent  tax hike. In other words, increasing taxes and accounting it for over  the 10-year period of time that the Congressional Budget Office looks  ahead--spend that money in the first 2 or 3 years, and then supposedly  the program is going to sunset. But everybody knows that these programs  won't sunset. So you better figure what the long-term cost is. And that  is that $4.2 trillion that has been in the press since this Build Back  Better program hit the press.   Now, on another point, even taking President Biden's claim at face  value, his agenda will result in hundreds of billions of dollars of  increased deficit spending in the near term, fueling current inflation  pressures.   Moreover, according to a Penn Wharton Budget Model and its analysis,  under the more realistic assumption that their spending proposals are  made permanent, their plan would increase debt and deficit by more than  $2 trillion over 10 years. The Penn Wharton Budget Model shows that.   As a result, then, by 2050, government debt would be 24 percent  higher, economic growth would be 3 percent lower, and wages would be  1.7 percent less than they otherwise would be.   Now, he calls the program Building Back Better. This is a recipe for  building back worse. The bottom line is that the President's ill- designed spending-and-tax spree isn't deficit neutral. It won't boost  productivity, but it will fuel inflation. So I think after this October  report comes out of inflation being the highest in 31 years at 6.2  percent, it is time to pause and rethink this entire approach.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   