 Pretty handsome guy, huh? Real handsome guy in his dress  blues. Today, the citizens of Lake Charles in the State of Louisiana  and our country mourn the loss of this U.S. Navy SEAL and commander of  SEAL Team 8. Commander Bourgeois, Brian Bourgeois, died from injuries  suffered during a training accident Saturday. We lost a SEAL, a  dedicated patriot, a son, husband, father, and hero.   Commander Bourgeois was born 43 years ago in Lake Charles, LA. He  dedicated his adult life to family and to service to our country. He  began by enrolling in the U.S. Naval Academy, from which he graduated  in May 2001. During his two-decade-long career, Commander Bourgeois  served honorably, led his men bravely, and made our country proud.   The long list of honors and medals Commander Bourgeois earned for his  service to our country includes a Bronze Star marked with a ``V,''  denoting heroic acts performed during combat; two Defense Meritorious  Service Medals; a Joint Service Commendation Medal; two Marine Corps  Commendation Medals; two Marine Corps Achievement Medals; a Combat  Action Ribbon; a National Defense Service Medal; an Iraq Campaign  Medal; and a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. He was as decorated  as he was loved.   At the annual Army-Navy game scheduled for this weekend, to honor  [[Page S9077]]  Commander Bourgeois--a brother and former member of the Midshipmen  football team--the Navy team will run out onto the field with a flag of  SEAL Team 8. That banner, representing his spirit, will fly alongside  the American flag, the Navy flag, and the Marine Corps flag.   The Navy Football Brotherhood, a nonprofit organization aimed at  supporting the families of their fallen teammates, is leading  fundraising efforts to help support the Bourgeois family.   Our country has and always will depend on our most noble answering  the call to serve. To his wife Megan and five children, your father  represents the best of our Nation. He is a hero who dedicated his life  to defending our country and protecting the lives of every American.  For that, we will be forever grateful and shall never forget his  service and sacrifice.   Please join me in taking this moment in silent prayer for Commander  Bourgeois, his family, and all who loved and knew him.   I yield the floor.   