 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Madam President, as we are now in December and the year  is winding down, I am reflecting on one of the first actions, one of  the first decisions I made when I joined the Senate back in January,  and that was a decision to establish a judicial evaluation commission  with folks back in California, professionals who would help me find,  vet, and recommend candidates to President Biden to serve on  California's Federal courts.   Usually when the general public thinks about Federal courts, they  tend to only think about the Supreme Court, but, as those who work in  this body know, the vast majority of Federal cases--indeed, more than  99 percent of all Federal cases--are decided at the district court or  circuit court level. So, as we go about our work to strengthen the  justice system in America, I think it is important that we give proper  attention and support to district and circuit courts.   Fast-forward to today and the items that we are working on literally  as we speak. Nominees to every level of the Federal judiciary by the  prior administration--let me put it mildly here. We are far from  diverse, far from representative of our Nation, and as a result, the  Federal courts and those who sit on the Federal bench do not reflect  the diverse, vibrant America that it serves. And I am not just talking  about gender. I am not just talking about race and ethnicity. For too  long, the bench of our Federal courts has been dominated by corporate  lawyers and former prosecutors.   Now, prosecutors and corporate lawyers do contribute valuable and  important expertise to the Federal judiciary. That is why I have  supported the nomination of some this year. But the judiciary also  needs the knowledge and perspective of legal professionals who have  taken different paths. I am talking about public defenders, who uphold  our constitutional commitment that every person deserves fair  representation and due process. I am talking about public interest  lawyers, who defend fundamental rights and the rule of law. I am  talking about consumer and voting rights lawyers, labor and immigration  lawyers, and local government lawyers, who serve diverse clients and  advocate for different interests and bring critical insights on how  working-class Americans interact with the law.   We need all these perspectives in order to rebalance our Federal  courts and hopefully in the process rebuild and reaffirm public  confidence in the fairness of their rulings. Our country is stronger  and fairer when every level of our government reflects the voices and  the experiences of all Americans--not just the privileged, not just the  powerful.   A Federal bench that includes more voices can better provide justice  for all. That is why, over the course of the past year, I have worked  with my commission that I established back in January--which, by the  way, is 70 percent attorneys of color and a majority women, and I am  proud to share that--along with Senator Feinstein and President Biden,  to find, to nominate, and to support a new generation of qualified,  outstanding, and professionally diverse Federal judges--a Federal bench  that is diverse in every sense of the word.   As a result of these efforts and pending confirmation votes that I  hope will soon occur, I am so proud that California's district court  bench will soon include Maame Frimpong, a proud daughter and wife of  immigrants from Ghana, who used her law degree to fight for consumers  and strengthen global democracy.   It will soon include Judge Jennifer Thurston, who earned her law  degree as a night student while raising a family and spent a decade  serving in county government.   It will soon include Judge Jinsook Ohta, an immigrant from South  Korea, who spent nearly 10 years of her career helping to prosecute  unfair business practices and to protect consumers from fraud.   It will soon include Judge Linda Lopez, who spent more than 10 years  as a public defender in San Diego.   It will soon include Judge Hernan Vera, the son of Argentine  immigrants, who spent a decade fighting for the disadvantaged and  leading the Nation's largest pro bono law firm.   In addition, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals now includes Judge  Lucy Koh, whom we recently confirmed, an expert litigator of  intellectual property cases and the first Korean-American woman to  serve on the Federal circuit court.   The Ninth Circuit will also soon include Justice Gabriel Sanchez, the  proud son of a single mother from Mexico, who has earned wide  recognition as a public servant and an appellate judge on California's  court of appeal.   It will soon include Judge Holly Thomas, the granddaughter of  sharecroppers, who has made a career of fighting for the civil rights  of all Americans.  [[Page S9285]]    I celebrate each of these outstanding nominees, and I thank them for  their service to this country. I urge their swift confirmation.   Now, of course, we will still have a long way to go and much more  work to do, but these confirmations, colleagues, represent a big step  in the right direction.   I am proud of the work we have done so far to diversify the Federal  bench, and I am committed to keeping up the momentum that we have  started in that critical mission in 2022.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   