 Mr. President, I understand we are not in a quorum call.    Mr. President, I am down here today to talk about  something that I have talked about many times before, and that is the  need to have a strong defense budget so we can deter our adversaries.   You know, it is not like it used to be in the old days. It is for  real. These guys--China, for example, is in a position they have never  been in before. I think it is important that we talk about this budget  that is coming up again. It is more important now than ever.   Over the past few weeks, the Senate Armed Services Committee has been  having hearings in which we have heard from top military leaders,  defense experts, and Pentagon officials. What we have heard has been  grim.   LTG H.R. McMaster told us that since the 1990s, China has undertaken  the ``largest peacetime military buildup in history.''   Admiral Davidson, who leads the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command said, ``I  think our conventional deterrent is actually eroding in the region.''   Last week, Admiral Faller, who leads the U.S. Southern Command, said,  ``Now more than ever, I feel a sense of urgency about global threats we  face in our neighborhood.''   Now, I agree. I thought the Cold War was bad, but the threats we are  facing now, especially from China, are more complex and more dangerous  than they ever have been before. In fact, I look back sometimes  wistfully at the days of the Cold War when things were predictable. We  had two superpowers. We knew what they had; they knew what we had.  Mutual assured destruction meant something. It really doesn't anymore.  Times have changed. I agree that the Cold War was bad, but it is worse  today.   I am glad to hear President Biden and members of his administration  say that China is our top pacing threat. Both Secretary Austin and  Deputy Secretary Hicks told the Armed Services Committee during their  nomination hearings that was the situation.   What concerns me is, I haven't seen the Biden administration take any  action that backs up these words. Instead, we are hearing rumors that  the Biden administration is considering a flat defense budget, which is  actually a 2-percent cut when you adjust for inflation. At the same  time, China is increasing theirs by 6.8 percent.   It kind of reminds me of the last 5 years of the Obama-Biden  administration. That would have been from 2010 to 2015. During that 5- year period, the budget for the military was reduced by 25 percent. At  the same time that it  [[Page S1716]]  was reduced by 25 percent, China was increasing theirs by 83 percent.  This was happening out in the real world. People are not aware of this.   This sort of thing tells me that the administration isn't serious  about pushing back on China. And do you know what? It also tells China  the same thing. So talk is cheap, but defending our country is not.   If we really want to send the right signal to Beijing--a signal that  says you can't ever win against us--we need sustained investment in our  defense.   We have seen what happens when we cut defense spending before. Look  no further than the Obama administration's 25 percent cut over 5 years.  If we had just increased defense spending with the rate of inflation  over the past decade, we could have invested another $400 billion in  modernizing our military--money we wouldn't have to spend today.  Instead, we are playing catchup with China, which added at least $200  billion that we know of--we never know for sure with China--to its  defense budget over the same time period. Chinese military  modernization has been nothing short of astonishing. Their ability to  move fast and increase production rates is leaving us back in the dust.   We have invested heavily in the advanced capabilities we know we  need, like hypersonic weapons, biotechnology, and quantum computing.   We are already spreading our military too thin. Our servicemembers  have been asked to do too much with too little for too long.   But we know how we can put our military on a better track. We have a  blueprint--the 2018 National Defense Strategy. This strategy actually  has been very effective. It was put together back in 2018 by six  Democrats and six Republicans, and they all had expertise in the area,  where it has not been questioned. So we actually have a document here  that shows us what we can do.   If we had increased--the Chinese military modernization has been  nothing short of astounding. Their ability to move fast and increase  production rates is leaving us in the dust.   Here we have something that we can follow, and it has been successful  so far. We have all agreed that this is what we should be doing, but we  have not been doing it successfully. We know the strategy is right when  it comes to priorities and the long-term nature of this competition.  Secretary Austin and Secretary Hicks said as much in our committee  hearings.   So why are they talking about adding more missions, including the  Department's role in climate change and pandemic response and not  countering China?   So we know what the strategy needs to be, and that tells us what the  demands on our force look like. Those demands keep growing. Now we need  to mesh the budget with the strategy. We know what it looks like, and  that is at least a 3- to 5-percent real growth above inflation.   Now, that is what was determined some time ago, in 2018, and that is  what we really need to be doing, but we are not doing it. And yet we  know what should be done.   So, you know, this is a new administration, and I am going to do all  I can. I have already met with the President, with the administration.  I know that they are concerned, but we are going to have to get down  and actually get it done. It means, in real dollars, an increase of at  least $75 to $125 billion each year. Now, that would be if we stuck  with the 3- to 5-percent increase that is predicted as being necessary  in this book. This kind of investment for 5 years in a row would  completely close the difference between U.S. and Chinese defense  spending.   And what does the investment get us? It allows us to keep our  commitment to our servicemembers to not only take care of them and  their families but also to give them the tools and training to do their  jobs.   You know, often, we hear about the fact that we are spending too much  on the military. We talk about that we spend more on the military than  both China and Russia put together. But there is a reason for that. The  most expensive line that we have in our military is taking care of the  troops, their families. You know, in the communist countries, they  don't have to do that. They give them the guns; they go out and kill  people. They don't have to spend the money that we do. But we do it,  and we do it right. But we need to continue to increase so we can get  dug out of the hole that we have dug over decades of insufficient  funding and overuse of the force. The bills have been piling up for  years. This is a down payment to get the U.S. military healthy for  decades of strategic competition.   Now, I am hesitant to even entertain this idea, but I think it is  important to talk about it. I know that there are some out there who  would like to see the President go even further and cut defense  spending by 10 percent. This is wrong, and Congress has already flat  rejected it on a bipartisan basis last year. In the Senate it was  defeated by 77 to 23. Even in the Democrat-led House, it was defeated  on a 3-to-1 margin.   Now, take it from the President's own Deputy Secretary of Defense,  Kath Hicks, who wrote that a 10-percent cut would turn the United  States into a regional power, increase nuclear proliferation, and  weaken our allies. This is completely opposite of everything President  Biden says he wants to do. It would preemptively surrender the 21st  century to the Chinese Communist Party.   A strong defense budget is the first step. It underpins all of our  efforts when it comes to diplomacy, the economy, and technology.   Is China going to slow its military investments any time soon? No, it  is not. In fact, we know their actual level of spending is a lot larger  than it looks. Economics, yes, but the Chinese Communist Party also  lies about its military budget--no surprise. We know that they lied  about COVID-19, and they continue to lie about their human rights  atrocities against the Uighurs.   So if we don't properly resource our military and put our right  forces in the right place at the right time with the right staff, we  are going to fall further behind.   So it is kind of early right now, and this is the time, though, that  we need to be talking about it immediately to be preparing for the  future.   The bipartisan 2018 NDS Commission report already said the U.S.  military could very well lose the next state-on-state war it fights.   We need the Biden administration to lead here--to walk the walk and  not just talk the talk when it comes to China. And if the Biden team  won't lead, I will make sure that we use our role in Congress to send  the message.   It is not just Beijing that needs to see that we are serious, but our  allies and our partners need to see this as well.   The best signal we can send is a strong defense budget topline. This  can't simply wait any longer. This is common sense, and this is  something, I think, that we will, on a bipartisan basis, recognize that  we need to do and prepare for immediately. That is what we intend to  do, and that is what is expected of us at this time.   With that, I will yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   