 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and fellow dentist for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is no surprise that Democrats, led by President Joe  Biden, are abusing the budget reconciliation process to pass an  extremely partisan, socialist spending spree that will fundamentally  change our Nation forever.   One of their many dangerous provisions is to provide amnesty to more  than 8 million illegal immigrants. And for those that didn't quite hear  me or didn't quite believe it, 8 million illegal immigrants. Even  though the Senate Parliamentarian already ruled that to do so would  violate the rules of the reconciliation process.   Additionally, the majority party outright rejected offers from  Republicans to bar gang members, sex offenders, and other violent  criminals from receiving amnesty. As I have stated before, literally  you have to believe that many Democrats are actively trying to destroy  our great Nation.   With record-breaking levels of migrant crossings, drug smuggling, and  child trafficking, the majority is still somehow finding new ways to  weaken and undermine our great America. Let me be clear to you. I love  immigrants. America needs immigrants, and immigrants need America. But  it must be done legally. We are a nation of laws, and those who enter  America must go through our legal process.   True story, just the other day, I received a call from one of my  constituents who emigrated to the United States from Eastern Europe.  With her husband, she went through America's legal immigration process  because she loves our country and she respects our country. She called  me, literally crying in utter disbelief with our current immigration  situation and also the current state of affairs in the United States of  America.   She came to the United States, worked hard as a hotel employee, and  eventually saved enough money by working double shifts to purchase her  own business with her husband. That is the America that I know. That is  the America that we all love; not this reckless concept of open borders  with zero accountability.   For how long are Democrats going to pursue these radical ideas. Is  this really what America is becoming? A place where people can  uncontrollably flow  [[Page H5780]]  through our borders and do whatever they want? Dammit, that is wrong.   Think about our communities. Think about our children. Think about  our grandchildren, who are going to have to suffer the consequences of  these radical Democratic policies. They have proven that not only do  they not care about our institutions, but they do not care about our  laws or protecting our great America. God help us.   