 Mr. President. January 6, 2021, will forever mark a  historic day for our Nation. Not simply because our beloved Capitol  building--the very heart of our democracy--laid under siege. Not simply  because rioters stormed the Senate and House floors, assaulting Capitol  Police officers and leaving a wake of destruction along the way. Not  simply because the President of the United States encouraged his  supporters to commit these felonies--to march to the Capitol and ``to  fight,'' in his words. No, today will also be remembered because of  what happened before all of that. Today, over 100 Members of the House  and a dozen Senators supported a ploy to deprive the States and the  American people of their constitutional role to choose our next  President--a ploy that amounts to nothing less than an assault on our  Constitutional republic.   The President's obscene claim that the election was stolen from him,  which he continued to spout even while his rioting supporters roamed  the Halls of the Capitol today, has been disproven time and again.  Every single Senator knows that Vice President Biden won the election  and did so decisively. Claims that President Trump won reelection are  not just fantasy; they are delusional. And citing voters' mistrust in  the election results as grounds for this stunt is particularly  disingenuous given that those concerns have been fueled by the  President's own baseless conspiracy theories--not by the evidence, not  by the facts, and not by State election administrators, both  Republicans and Democrats, who actually oversaw these elections and  know what they are talking about.   President Trump and his allies have now lost more than 60 cases in  courts across the country, by judges of every political stripe,  including those appointed by the President. The lopsidedness of these  decisions has been extraordinary. It has been nothing less than a  wholesale rejection of the President's claims. But this is not  surprising. The President's own Attorney General said there is no  evidence of widespread fraud. His own Department of Homeland Security  described it as the ``most secure election in American history.''   President Trump serves no one but himself. He is not a custodian or  guardian of our democracy. He is a man whose every decision is driven  by his shallow self-interest. I did not expect him to be gracious in  defeat. I expected him to throw tantrums. I am not even surprised that  his rhetoric has incited violence, as it has today. That is who  President Trump is; we have all known that for some time. I am  surprised and disappointed that so many Members of this body have let  it get this far. After he incited rioters and criminal actions by a mob  attacking America's symbol of democracy, our Capitol, what more will he  do? He should just leave. He has damaged the country enough.   Our job today is simply to count the votes and to certify that Joe  Biden won the election. Pretending that Congress could effectively  overturn the will of the American people has, predictably, poured  gasoline on an already lit fire. We must now get to work to put this  fire out. I am glad that Congress is taking the first step now--that  is, to stop with this nonsense and certify this election. The next step  will be harder. The only way we stand a chance of coming together as a  country, let alone making progress for the American people, is by  working together.   I am thankful to the many Senate Republicans who have forcefully  rejected this dangerous political stunt, even before the violence. Your  words had meaning and sent a message to the country that our democracy  will endure.   I have served in the Senate for 46 years. I can tell you that history  will remember this sad day. So let us ensure that it is not just  remembered for the destruction, for the President's recklessness, and  for those in Congress who so casually attempted to overturn the will of  the American people. Let us work together now and certify this  election, so this day will also be remembered for those who stood up  and rejected this dangerous political stunt for the good of the  Republic and for the good of the American people.   