 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is a curious thing about tipping points  in the quest for progress. Very often, the events that cleave history  into ``before'' and ``after'' can seem insignificant when they happen.  That might have been true 29 years ago, when the National Institutes of  Health named a 42-year-old professor from the University of Michigan to  direct one of NIH's newest cutting-edge institutes.   The professor's name was Francis Collins. The New York Times' account  of his arrival ran 117 words.   His mission at NIH was to lead what we called then the Human Genome  Project, an international quest to discover the genetic blueprint for  human life. It was the scientific equivalent of the search for the Holy  Grail. There were just as many skeptics as believers in that  undertaking.   But less than 6 years later, in June 2000, the first mapping of the  human genome was complete. Overnight, that obscure professor from  Michigan, Francis Collins, became one of the most famous scientists in  the world.   The decoding of the human genome was the achievement of a historic  public-private partnership between the NIH's genome lab, headed by Dr.  Collins and a private firm--a rival turned partner--founded by the  genetic pioneer, Craig Venter. It involved hundreds of scientists from  six nations. It remains one of the greatest advances in scientific  knowledge in all of recorded history.   In a White House ceremony announcing the first sequencing of the  human genome, Dr. Collins said he was humbled and awed by the  discovery. In his words: ``We have caught the first glimpses of our  instruction book, previously known only to God.''   Cracking the genetic code of human life has revolutionized science  and medicine. It continues to yield profound medical discoveries all  the time.   That historic discovery could have been the capstone of any career in  science, but for Francis Collins, there was an amazing second act to  follow.   In 2009, President Obama chose Francis Collins to lead the entire  National Institutes of Health, the largest  [[Page S9189]]  biomedical research agency in the world. In that capacity, Dr. Collins  routinely works 100-hour weeks, oversees 18,000 Federal employees  spread across 27 Institutes and Centers in 75 buildings--mainly in  Bethesda, MD, but also in Baltimore, North Carolina, Arizona, and  Montana.   Those numbers only quantify the NIH infrastructure. Their actual work  is even more impressive. In fiscal year 2020, the NIH awarded more than  50,000 grants to more than 300,000 researchers working in universities  and laboratories outside the NIH--in Illinois, in Minnesota, in  Colorado, and virtually every State in the Nation.   At the end of this month, after 12 years, Francis Collins is stepping  down as NIH Director. Thankfully, he is not stepping away from science.  In a signature Collins move, the doctor is going back to his research  roots, back to head a laboratory at the NIH's Human Genome Institute,  where he hopes to find treatments and cures for cystic fibrosis,  diabetes, and other devastating illnesses.   He has led NIH for 12 years under three Presidents, Democrat and  Republican, making him the longest tenured head of the Agency since  Presidents began selecting NIH heads 50 years ago.   What distinguishes Francis Collins' tenure as NIH Director, however,  is not its length but his extraordinary ambition and record of  achievement. My friend former Senator Barbara Mikulski, who chaired  once the Senate Appropriations Committee, famously said that the  initials NIH should stand for the ``National Institutes of Hope.''   As NIH Director, Francis Collins has worked tirelessly to live up to  that ideal.   As the Washington Post wrote, ``He brought together scientists across  disciplines and championed the hunt for biomedical advances in troves  of data. He gave meaning to the promise of big science.''   He embraced ambitious projects such as the BRAIN Initiative, a  collaborative effort to map the most complex organism on Earth, the  human brain. It engaged engineers who had never worked on life sciences  before, and it just might help unlock the mysteries of ALS,  Alzheimer's, and other diseases of the brain.   He launched the Cancer Moonshot with then-Vice President Joe Biden  and played an integral role in helping to make now-President Joe  Biden's dream of an Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health a  reality.   He created the ``All of Us'' Research Program, an effort to collect  data about the genomic basis of disease from 1 million volunteers to  advance our knowledge on how to cure it.   He has been equally passionate about supporting the work of young  scientists, including women and scientists of color. The absence of  women researchers used to jokingly be referred to on research panels as  ``manels.'' In 2017, Francis Collins said that he would no longer speak  at any conference in which women researchers were not featured.   He made it a priority to minority scientists and to make sure NIH- funded research addressed the health needs and historic concerns of  communities of color.   Nearly 7 years ago, I asked Dr. Collins: ``What does NIH need from  Congress to continue to achieve breakthroughs you envision?''   At that point, the NIH had seen flat funding for several years.  Inflation had eroded the number of research ideas they could support,  and many young researchers were really questioning whether they had any  future at the Institution.   Dr. Collins said simply: ``If you can provide steady, predictable  increases to our budget of 5 percent real growth each year, we can  light up the scoreboard.''   I thought that sounded like a worthy goal so I enlisted my Senate  friends Roy Blunt of Missouri, Patty Murray of Washington, and Lamar  Alexander of Tennessee as partners. Senator Lindsey Graham and I came  together and formed the bipartisan Senate NIH Caucus.   With the determined leadership of Francis Collins and support of  Senators from both sides of the aisle--listen to this--we have been  able to increase funding for NIH by more than 40 percent over the last  6 years.   Some people say: Why should the taxpayers be paying for this  research? Why not leave it to the free market; they make the money out  of it.   The answer is: The NIH funds the kinds of basic science that costs  too much and takes too long for private companies driven by need for  quarterly profits.   One timely example: Years ago, a Hungarian-born American biochemist  named Katalin Kariko had a hunch that messenger RNA--mRNA--could be  used to instruct cells to make their own medicines or vaccines. The NIH  funded this early research of this immigrant superstar when nobody else  would. Last year, that research became the backbone of the Pfizer and  Moderna COVID vaccines.   One year ago yesterday, the first vaccine was administered, and more  than 450 million shots have followed in America since then. The  majority were mRNA vaccines.   According to a new study released by the Commonwealth Fund, the  American vaccination program prevented 1.1 million COVID deaths and  prevented 10.3 million COVID hospitalizations last year. Vaccines save  lives, and NIH taxpayer-funded research made these vaccines possible.   There are millions of people who have never heard of Francis Collins,  but they are alive and healthy today because of the Human Genome  Project and his ambitious agenda at NIH as well as the talented  scientists he nurtured.   He is an American treasure, one of the most important scientists of  our time. As Dr. Collins prepares to end his historic tenure as NIH  Director and return to his lab, I want to thank him for his tireless  work, his good humor, his good advice, and great friendship.   I also want to thank his family, especially his wife Diane Baker, a  genetic counselor herself, who volunteers at the NIH Children's Inn,  where families stay while their sick kids are participating in clinical  trials.   And thanks to the thousands and thousands of dedicated researchers  who have worked with Dr. Collins to realize his noble ambitions.   Dr. Francis Collins, America is a better place thanks to your  singular contribution to spare suffering and to cure the illnesses we  face. I wish you many more happy years of discovery.   I yield the floor.   