 Mr. President, just yesterday, the world's scientists  offered an unequivocal warning to us about the condition of our planet.  Every single one of us has a home State university that teaches climate  science, and if we ask them, they will confirm that warning; and yet we  relentlessly subsidize the fossil fuel industry, which floats already  on a $600 billion annual subsidy in this country, according to the  International Monetary Fund.   Enough is enough. Our grid operators almost everywhere do a good job  with reliability, and we have just added billions of dollars to improve  grid reliability.   There is no reason whatsoever to put another thumb on the scales for  this already heavily subsidized industry when most of these blackouts  and brownouts are driven by extreme weather caused by the climate  change from their pollution.   I urge a ``no'' vote.    Mr. President, a short word on dark money. When the  Republican justices on the Supreme Court opened the floodgates of  unlimited money in the disgraceful Citizens United decision, that  suddenly made something new very important, and that was to hide who  you are when you are spending the money.  [[Page S6253]]    If the biggest check you can write is $5,000, there is no great  premium in hiding who you are. When you can write a $5 million check to  back a candidate, suddenly hiding who you are becomes extremely  valuable and salient.   So, suddenly, this became very real. But those Justices who had  opened the door to unlimited money, when they made that decision, in  order to justify that decision, they had to say that the spending had  to be transparent. Otherwise, the Citizens United decision would not  have worked in the constitutional scheme. They had to say that.   But for the next decade, what did they do about it? Case after case  came before them where the dark money problem was raised. We rode  through a billion dollars in dark money being spent in our elections.  This was on the front page of the newspaper. This was being done in  plain view. And what did the Republican Justices on the Supreme Court  do to enforce their own stated requirement of transparency? Not one  thing.   And so we have had a decade of corruption of government by  billionaire interests who can hide who they are and operate through an  enormous phalanx of phony front groups whom they have stood up. And if  you want to know how real this is, look at what we have had to do in  the reconciliation measure to address climate change--because when I  got here, there were Republicans willing to address climate change.   We had bill after bill in the Senate that were bipartisan and serious  and sincere. That stopped dead in January of 2010. When Citizens United  was decided, the dark money spigots opened, and the fossil fuel  industry behind them enforced compliance across the entire Republican  Party. If you crossed the fossil fuel industry on climate change, if  you are Bob Inglis, you were out, you were done. If you lined up with  them and did what they said, in came tens of millions of dollars in  dark money to support you.   It was a devil's bargain, and it cost us a lost decade on climate  change. And now we have to go forward, sadly, in a partisan way to  solve this problem. That is the pressure of dark money in our politics.  It is behind the capture of the Supreme Court. It is behind voter  suppression. This is demonstrable stuff, and we have got to put an end  to it. And it is a tragedy and a disgrace that we can't go to cleaning  up the dark money mess.   My Republican colleagues and their dark money groups are actually at  the point now where they are accusing us of taking dark money. They are  accusing Democrats of being the dark money party. Well, we just settled  that question tonight. Democrats want to clean it up. They want to  protect it. It is as simple as that. That is all you need to know.   I yield the floor.   