 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call  up H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind  screens and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Arizona for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are all concerned with this bill, H.R. 8. And the  reality is, the big money donors and powerful special interest groups  behind the Democratic Party for a long time have sought to undermine,  restrict, and even eliminate the Second Amendment rights of Americans.   With the Democratic Party now calling the shots here in Washington,  quite frankly, the majority party is not even trying to hide their true  agenda.   Masquerading as supposedly good-faith proposals to end gun violence,  what they are really putting in place are the stepping-stones to  creating a national firearm registry and eventually even confiscating  firearms.   H.R. 8 is being considered later this week, and it would implement a  universal background check system. The majority claims that this is an  obvious solution to gun violence, but that is simply not the case at  all.   Gun violence in America is complex, and so are the solutions. But the  overwhelming majority of criminals would not be stopped by H.R. 8  whatsoever. In fact, the Justice Department itself, by its own data,  says that 75 percent of criminals in prison who possessed a firearm  obtained it through theft, the black market, or family and friends.   Secondly, we know that the vast majority of mass shooters would have  been able to pass background checks. This bill does not in any way end  gun violence.   But what it does do is create a national gun registry that will  eventually be used against law-abiding Americans.   Without a permanent database of who owns a firearm, the Federal  Government would not be able to determine whether a private firearm  transfer took place with the required background check.   So that brings to us the real aim of this bill, H.R. 8. It paves the  way for this database to be used at a later date in a national gun  confiscation program.   Mr. Speaker, don't take my word for it.   Even President Biden, himself, in August 2019, said that he does  support confiscating assault weapons which he would consider AR-15  style.   So, Mr. Speaker, the threat is real. We are in a major fight for  those who are trying to dismantle and eliminate the Second Amendment.  We are not blowing smoke here. H.R. 8 is a massive move in that  direction, and we stand here tonight to say: No, we are not going to  allow that to happen on our watch.   We have to be vigilant, and we have to stand guard for our freedoms.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Arizona,  for yielding to me.   