 Mr. President, you and I, as we sit on the Rules  Committee, saw the debate on this bill--the bill that the sponsors call  the For the People Act. I think it really more accurately could be  called the ``For the Politicians Act.'' S. 1 was marked up in the Rules  Committee last month, a markup that I certainly raised a number of  concerns about the bill and others did too. It is more than 800 pages  [[Page S4566]]  that contains policies relating to election administration, to campaign  finance, to redistricting, and much more.   Now, the truth is, we don't know what bill will come to the floor  because this bill couldn't get out of committee. And apparently we are  going to not use the committee process but, in fact, we will bring a  different bill to the floor that nobody has seen yet. But this bill  seems to get bigger over time, not smaller over time.   It includes the overwhelmingly bad idea that Congress should impose a  Federal takeover of elections and force a one-size-fits-all approach on  the more than 10,000 voting jurisdictions in the country.   There are very few things that you can develop a formula that works  just right in 10,000 places. In fact, in our States and in the District  of Columbia, we have a pretty significant problem coming up with 51  different structures that work for everywhere in every jurisdiction  that is impacted by that.   This bill also has some deadlines that are so short that if it became  law, it would create chaos in next year's elections and make the  election process less trusted, not more trusted.   We should be focusing on Federal laws and State laws that make it  easier to vote and harder to cheat. I think this bill makes it easier  to cheat and harder to figure out whether anybody cheated or not.   S. 1 undermines the popular State voter identification laws. The  majority of our States now require some kind of identification. And an  overwhelming number of voters believe that voter identification at the  polls is a good thing.   This bill allows political operatives to fan out across a community  and collect an unlimited number of ballots. In fact, it says States  can't even stop that process of ballot harvesting. Those ballot  harvesters can collect ballots from you. They can collect ballots from  your neighbors, from vulnerable voters like people in nursing homes.  And, frankly, who knows if they turn them in or not? Who knows if they  put them in the post office box or not? If they never show up, the  ballot harvester, who may very well know that your ballot is a ballot  they don't agree with, could just say, ``Well, I don't know what  happened. It must have been lost in the mail,'' and who would ever know  whether it was lost in the mail or not?   In addition to undermining voter identification laws and making it  possible for complete strangers to take your ballot, S. 1 disrupts  States' long-made efforts to maintain an accurate list of eligible  voters. Voter rolls are the foundation really of election  administration. I was the chief election official in our State. I was a  local election official in our State.   Accurate lists of who can vote that people can look at before the  election, during the election, and after the election create great  confidence in the process.   Accurate lists ensure that voters are able to cast a ballot--and the  ballot they should cast--in the districts they actually live in. That  can be pretty complicated sometimes, and really only the election  authority can be aware of that when they know exactly where you live.   Election officials, when you have accurate lists, know who has voted,  and, frankly, they know who hasn't voted. So if the same person comes  in or at least a person pretending to be the same person comes in a  second time, they know that.   Accurate voter lists allow voters to check in more quickly to get  that efficient and quick exercise of democracy done.   One of the things everybody constantly talks about is, well, we make  it too hard to vote. If you really want to make it hard to vote, make  it hard to figure out who the voters are who are supposed to be voting  at a given precinct.   The right to vote is a bedrock principle in our democracy. The right  to vote wherever you want to vote is not a bedrock principle in our  democracy. You can't just decide: Well, this year I think it is going  to be pretty competitive in some other State. I will just drive over  there on election day and vote. Frankly, you can't just decide: You  know, that congressional district next door to the one I live in looks  more competitive than the one I live in. I think I will go over there  and vote this year instead of in the district that the census tract  would have put me in.   The right to vote is a bedrock principle. The right to vote wherever  you want to isn't. Some of our great local administrators figured this  out. In St. Louis County, the biggest single election jurisdiction in  Missouri, you can vote anywhere in the county, but at the place where  you go vote--the ballot for you individually is generated at the place  you go vote, and it is counted in the races that are generated for you  to vote in. That is pretty innovative. I don't think we could probably  have ever figured that out at the national level.   But the point is, you are voting for the people who you are living in  the district that person will represent, whether it is on the local  school board or in the Congress or in the State legislature. That is a  very complicated set of things that benefit totally from voter rolls  and benefit from you voting where you live.   This bill prohibits States from putting in place really just  reasonable election security measures that have been upheld by court.  It takes away the guardrails that prevent fraud from happening and  ensures that when you do have fraud, you have ways to figure out that  fraud occurred and what to do about it. You pile up all the ways this  legislation actually increases the likelihood of fraud, and you think  about whether you really need a strong reason to change the system  when, as Senator Grassley said, the system appears to be working pretty  well.   Democracies benefits from local responsibility. One political party,  however, thinks this bill will give it an electoral advantage. They  have thought that for about 20 years. This is the compilation of 20  years of Democrats in the Congress thinking, what could we do to change  the election law that would be helpful for us? That is where we are in  this legislation. It was written by one party alone. It has been  steered through Congress by one party alone. It has not actually been  seen by anybody in the other party yet, and the majority leader says  this bill, which probably still is going to be about 800 pages, will  come to the floor next week. In both Chambers of Congress, there has  been bipartisan opposition to the bill and no bipartisan support for  this bill.   The danger of those kinds of sweeping changes really can do a lot to  negatively impact our election system, but it doesn't stop there. It  would turn the Federal Election Commission into a partisan tool where  the party of the President has a majority. There is a reason that six- member Commission was equally divided when it was set up, just like  there is a reason the Senate Ethics Committee is equally divided.   This bill would send Federal money to campaign coffers at the rate of  $6 for every dollar raised for every contribution under $200. I think  the number my friend Chairman Grassley was talking about was if you  raised $5 million of under $200, you would get $30 million from the  Federal Government--$30 million of government money that could clearly  be used for something else. In fact, the current Members of the Senate  would be eligible under the total restrictions of the bill to get $1.8  billion in Federal money. Talk about a conflict of interest when you  vote for this bill.   The bill also changes redistricting established in the Constitution  for the States and basically ensures that all congressional  redistricting would be done by Federal courts. That doesn't affect the  Senate much, but it affects the government a lot. It places heavy  burdens on free speech and impacts every branch of the Federal  Government.   I have heard proponents of this bill say that it is necessary to push  back recently passed State voter laws and protect the voting rights of  Americans. This bill has nothing to do with voting rights. It doesn't  protect the right of a single American to cast a ballot. It doesn't  bring new people into the system as the constitutional amendment did on  women and other people who have been added, people who had been held in  a terrible way in slavery, people who had been prevented from voting  because of their sex or race, and people who were prevented because of  age at one time. This bill does nothing of that.  [[Page S4567]]    This is a Federal takeover of elections. It should be rejected by the  Senate. I believe it will be rejected by the Senate. We look forward to  seeing the other side defend this bill next week.   I yield the floor.   