 Mr. President, we have got an issue in this country  related to the pandemic but, more specifically, related to children not  going back to school. And one thing that is of incredible concern is it  appears that the Biden administration, which campaigned saying that  they were going to follow science--alleging that the previous  administration was not--seems not to be following science but to  prejudice their recommendations to fit a political agenda.   With that, let me develop my case. The harms of prolonged closure to  school children are remarkable. They are well known. It has been up to  a year since the schools have been closed, and in the Presiding  Officer's home State of California, there are some school systems that  are still not reopened.   Now, think about this: Places where children go, not just to learn  but to have social workers make sure they aren't being abused at home,  a dietary staff to make sure they have adequate nutrition--but also to  learn--have been closed for a year.   Now, we can say: Wait a second, don't worry about that because the  children have been given remote learning. There is ample data which  shows that particularly the children from lower income families are not  logging on even when they are given a broadband computer--given an  internet-equipped computer to take home or given WiFi access to use at  home. We can imagine it. Mom has to work. There is no one to supervise  the child, so the 7-year-old is home by herself while mom is working.   We can also imagine that a family does not have a culture of being  online. We can imagine a big family of seven or eight kids where things  just kind of get lost in the shuffle, and there is not enough room for  someone to be by themselves. Whatever, it is established that there are  kids being left behind by not being in the classroom, and those kids,  disproportionately, are poor. And that is why the Biden  administration's pledge to follow science resonated, and that is why  early indications that they are not is not just disappointing, it is a  betrayal--and not a betrayal of a campaign pledge, a betrayal of those  children who are at home.    Now, by the way, data shows that children can safely go back to  school. There was a CDC study from January of 2021 finding little  evidence of virus spread in a school setting when the recommended  precautions were taken, which kind of calls them--and, by the way,  there is a recent study by the following doctors--Henderson, Gandhi,  Hoeg, and Johnson from universities such as the University of Chicago,  UC Davis, and UC San Francisco--showing how safe it is to go to school,  not get infected, and social distancing as minimal as 3 feet distant  one from the other--OK, just 3 feet distant.   Now, that is important because if you say you can't bring kids back  to school because you don't have enough classroom space for smaller  classes, it is one thing if you say there must be 6 feet between each  child and another if there only needs to be 3 feet. So these doctors  from these prestigious universities found you only need 3 feet.   That begs the question: Why did the Centers for Disease Control, in  their February 26 document, say that 6 feet was needed? Now, you may  say: 6 feet, 3 feet, why does it make a difference?  [[Page S1482]]  Because schools aren't reopening, and their excuse is they need 6 feet  between students. They are finding a reason to keep kids at home not  learning--a spurious reason.   The doctors who wrote this paper just put an editorial in USA Today  in a nice quote here. I say ``nice.'' It kind of summarizes. It is  disappointing that they have to say this. It is that--they open up with  ``The only thing we have to fear is fear itself,'' which is a quote  from Franklin Roosevelt. But they go on to say--they speak up for lost  wages, for families, and the poverty and eviction that this is  resulting in but that the research says there is greater risk to life  expectancies with schools closed versus schools open, but they then ask  that we overcome fear by following the science. And the science says we  can safely reopen our schools now--full-time, nonhybrid--and keep them  open. Unfortunately, that is not what the Centers for Disease Control  is saying.   Now, by the way, there is a clear agenda here. Part of the agenda is  that teachers unions in certain communities have not wanted to reopen.  They are more concerned about the union than they are about the  children. So whether it is a Democratic mayor of Chicago trying to  force the teachers union in Chicago to reopen, whether it is Los  Angeles or San Diego, which are still not reopened, with teachers  unions objecting to reopening there, this is not based upon science,  not based upon risk to the teachers or the children. They would just  rather not be at work. Isn't that amazing?   Now, let me tell you who has been open. First, in Louisiana, over 75  percent of our schools have reopened. Hats off to my State. Private and  parochial schools have been open. Hats off to them. They are kind of  the business model: If you don't get paid, you show up for work. They  show up for work. So let's give a hats off.   And that is why there should be school choice. If a parent can't get  their child educated in Los Angeles, in San Diego, or in Chicago, then  why are we keeping that child from going to a private school? ``Oh,  they can go,'' you say. Not if they are poor. If they are poor, they  don't have the revenue.   We should take the money that we are giving to those public schools  that will not open because the teachers unions oppose it and give it to  the parents so their children can go to a school where their children  will actually be educated, and the fact that we don't do that is  politics over what is best for that child. It is a betrayal of those  children.   This administration's policy, 4 months into their 4 years,  demonstrates betrayal after betrayal after betrayal. Let's safely  reopen schools now. We know we can do so. We knew that a year ago. The  science and the data show it. Congress had provided $68 billion before  this latest bill in order to make sure we had everything we needed in  order to do that. A lack of funding has not been an excuse to reopen.  What is clear is a lack of will, and I will repeat where I started:  This administration is betraying the most vulnerable children in our  country. Reopen schools now.   With that, I yield the floor.   