 Mr. President, this week's fantasy consideration of the  NDAA was a gut punch to our servicemembers and one of the weakest  displays we have seen during the Senate Democrats' time in the  majority.   Let's not forget there are 25 Senate Members serving on the Senate  Armed Services Committee under the skillful leadership of Senators Reed  and Inhofe. They cleared their version of the NDAA in July of this  year--July of this year, months ago--but the majority leader dragged  his feet all the way up until late--late--last night, bringing the NDAA  to the floor at the third latest point in the year ever.   Considering China's military rise and the foreign policy disasters  this White House has created, one would think delivering a paycheck to  our servicemembers and providing funding to increase our military's  lethality would be top of mind.  [[Page S8757]]    Instead, the majority leader remains focused on reckless taxing,  reckless spending, and reckless borrowing that is pushing Americans  further into debt, driving up inflation, putting our Nation at a  disadvantage, and helping China.   While he pointed his finger at Republicans who simply wanted the  opportunity for additional amendments on important subjects, the  majority leader is to blame for the fact that the other 75 Senators  will not get to offer floor amendments and have an opportunity to help  shape our military policy this year. But, regardless, the blame rests  squarely on the shoulders of the majority leader.   The inclusion of a manager's amendment is standard operating  procedure. It is actually the starting point and should not be where  this process is stopped. Not allowing floor amendments breaks years of  precedent.   What is also standard operating procedure is that the NDAA is a bill  that is considered on the floor for multiple days and possibly multiple  weeks, not one night. In fact, last year, the Senate debated the NDAA  for nearly 3 weeks--3 weeks--starting in June.   This body should be able to vote on a myriad of amendments, such as  ours, which would prevent dishonorable discharges for military men and  women who are forced to separate from the military because of the COVID  vaccine mandate.   Now, as a physician, I support the vaccine, but I also believe in the  sanctity of the patient-physician relationship. And I support those who  are defending our freedoms and have carefully weighed their decision  with their doctor, their loved ones, their spouses, perhaps their  chaplain, and decided this vaccine isn't right for them.   Once upon a time, I was that army doctor. And if a strapping, well- fit, 20-year-old Army Ranger or a 19-year-old Navy SEAL or a 22-year- old Air Force pilot walked into my office and said, ``Doc, tell me  about this vaccine,'' I would have to say, ``Well, there are certainly  benefits to the vaccine, certainly benefits to it, but the risk of  having a career-ending complication from this vaccine--like heart  inflammation, heart swelling--is greater than the chances of you being  hospitalized from the virus.''   Now, that is not true for my parents. That is not true for senior  citizens. That is not true for obese people. But a fit, young military  person in the prime of their life has a greater chance of having a  career-ending complication from the vaccine than they do of being  hospitalized from the virus.   And by the way, as I am sitting there talking to this pilot, to this  Navy SEAL, to this Army Ranger, I would say: If you have that  complication, you are going to be out of action for at least 6 months-- at least 6 months--and chances are you will be grounded the rest of  your life. You are going to have a checkmark in your medical history. I  don't think you'll probably ever be able to fly a plane again. You are  never going to be a special ops person again. You have to be the  fittest of the fit.   And once you have a heart swelling, do you think that I am going to  be able to clear you for the needs of your job? Your career as a pilot  or a special OPs personnel is over.   That is right. Your lifelong dream--the career you have worked your  whole life for--is over.   And we are going to give this military personnel a dishonorable  discharge over this? That is un-American. It is not what Americans  believe is right.   Unfortunately, the sledgehammer policy out of the White House says  that one size has to fit all, and there are no exceptions to its  mandate. This is the biggest sledgehammer I have ever seen. They refuse  to consider natural immunity, even though we know natural immunity to  COVID is the same as, if not more powerful than the vaccine.   As a result, President Biden wants to slap a dishonorable discharge  on our unvaccinated heroes who put their lives on the line each day to  defend our freedoms and our American way of life.   A dishonorable discharge is excessive and beyond harsh. They are  disqualified from most jobs. They lose access to the GI bill. They lose  VA home loans and medical benefits. They lose military funeral honors.   A dishonorable discharge treats those defending our freedoms as  felons. Our American heroes deserve better. It is important to point  out that this amendment, the amendment that we hoped to have offered  last night, hoped to have votes on the Senate floor, passed the House  Armed Services Committee--unanimously passed the House Armed Services  Committee--and was included in their final bill, which passed with 316  votes, including 181 Democrats.   That is right. This same amendment passed unanimously out of the  House Armed Services Committee, and 181 Democrats on the House side  supported this amendment in their NDAA. Over here in the Senate,  though, don't let the majority leader fool you; this NDAA process was a  closed one as a result of his inability to bring the bill to the Senate  floor in a timely manner in order to provide sufficient opportunity for  Member input.   I urge the majority leader to change course and allow a robust NDAA  amendment process that includes a vote on our amendment when the Senate  returns after Thanksgiving.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   