 Madam President, I want to rise to say a few words about  the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, which we are debating today. I  think that the thrust of that act and what we are trying to accomplish  is enormously important.   Right now, as I think most people know, we have a crisis in terms of  microchip production here in the United States, and we are becoming  increasingly dependent upon countries all over the world. For our own  manufacturing sector--the automobile sector, the electronics sector-- that is a very bad position to be in, and also, obviously, being  dependent on other countries for microchips is a dangerous place to be  in terms of national security.   I especially like provisions in this legislation which will increase  funding for research and development, increase funding for science and  technology, and invest in more Ph.D.s. We need more Ph.D.s in our  country in science, technology, engineering, and math. I think those  are very important steps in the right direction.   But I do have some very serious concerns about two provisions in this  bill. No. 1, I am deeply concerned about the provisions which will  provide $52 billion in emergency appropriations for the microchip  industry, with no strings attached. Let me repeat that. We are talking  about $52 billion in Federal funds--and, by the way, I suspect there  will be more taxpayer money coming to these corporations from State and  local government--with no strings attached. And, second of all, there  is a provision in this bill, not an appropriation but an authorization,  to provide some $10 billion to the Blue Origin space company, which is  owned by the wealthiest person in the world, Mr. Bezos.  [[Page S3399]]    When we talk about the microchip industry, we are talking about an  industry that is not a poor, struggling industry. In fact, it is an  extremely successful and wealthy industry that is worth now more than  half a trillion dollars--more than $500 billion. We are talking about  an industry, interestingly enough, that, at the same time we are now  trying to provide corporate welfare to them, is an industry that has  shut down over 780 manufacturing plants in the United States over the  past several decades and laid off 150,000 American workers. So what you  have is a situation that, over the last two decades, these very large  corporations said: Why do I want to stay in the United States of  America, pay workers here a living wage, protect environmental  standards? I can go to companies in Asia and elsewhere and buy my  products from them. The result, again, is 780 manufacturing plants in  the last several decades have shut down in America, and 150,000  American workers were laid off.   Now, let's talk about how we don't know exactly--nobody does--where  this $52 billion in corporate welfare is going to go. But, obviously,  it will go to some of the larger microchip companies, and one of the  very largest is Intel.   Let me say a word about Intel. Last year, Intel made nearly $21  billion in profits. So we are proposing to provide many billions of  dollars to a company that, last year, made $21 billion in profits. They  spent $14.2 billion on stock buybacks--$14.2 billion on stock buybacks.  And, by the way, this company which is in line for a major infusion of  U.S. taxpayer money, provided $110 million signing bonus to its CEO,  Patrick Gelsinger.   Since 2015, this very same company, Intel, has shipped over 1,000  jobs overseas. Now, interestingly enough, Intel's CEO has admitted  recently that it does not need corporate welfare. Let's give them  credit for that. The CEO recently said his investment in America ``does  not depend on a penny of government support or state support or any  other investments to make it successful and never will.'' They are  prepared to do it on their own, which is what we hope most private  corporations would do.   Now, among the other very large, leading microchip companies is the  well-known Texas Instruments. They may well be in line to receive  billions of dollars in corporate welfare as well under this piece of  legislation.   Last year, Texas Instruments made $5.6 billion in profits and spent  $2.5 billion buying back its own stock, while it has outsourced  thousands of jobs to low-wage countries. The CEO of Texas Instruments  made over $30 million in total compensation last year--more than 400  times what the median worker at that company made. And this is also  another company in line to receive billions and billions of dollars in  Federal corporate welfare.   Who else might receive corporate welfare under this bill? Well, how  about the major semiconductor company from Taiwan called the Taiwan  Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, or what is often referred to as  ``TSMC,'' which is a very, very, very large microchip company. It is  interesting to note who is the largest shareholder in that company.  Well, it should not surprise anybody because this is how countries  around the world do industrial policy, but the largest shareholder in  TSMC is the Government of Taiwan. So when you give TSMC money, you are  giving that money directly to the Government of Taiwan.   Samsung, another very large corporate entity, South Korean, it owns  several plants in Texas. So what we are looking at here is a reality  where taxpayer money from working people in this country will be going  to large, profitable corporations, and several of them are owned  literally by other entities.   In total, the top five semiconductor companies that may well receive  grants under this legislation made nearly $35 billion in profits and  spent more than $18 billion buying back its own stock last year.    So here is the bottom line. I believe that we do want to grow the  microchip industry here in the United States of America for reasons  that everybody is familiar with. That is the industry that we need if  we are going to grow the automobile industry, the electronics industry,  and every other industry in this country. And we need to not be  dependent upon China and other countries for the microchips that are  used in these products.   So I am sympathetic to the goal of this bill, but I am not  sympathetic with the idea of simply laying out $52 billion of  taxpayers' money with no strings attached.   That is why I have introduced Senate amendment No. 2016. This  amendment would prevent microchip companies from receiving taxpayer  assistance unless they agree to issue warrants to the Federal  Government.   If private companies are going to benefit from over $52 billion in  taxpayer subsidies, the financial gains made by these companies must be  shared with the American people, not just wealthy shareholders. In  other words, all this amendment says is that if these companies want  taxpayer assistance, we are not going to socialize all of the risks and  privatize all of the profits.   And let me be very clear; this is not a radical idea. This is not  something that I made up or any other Senator made up. These exact  conditions were imposed on corporations that received taxpayer  assistance in the bipartisan CARES Act, which passed the Senate 96 to  0. In other words, every Member of the U.S. Senate has already voted  for the conditions that are in the amendment that I cosponsored by  Senator Warren, by the way. They are in the amendment that we are  offering.   Further, this amendment will also require companies--again, all of  this was in the CARES Act. Every Member or at least 96 Members of the  Senate voted for these conditions--not a new idea. So in addition to  making sure that companies allow for warrants, it would be demanded  that they could not buy back their own stock, not outsource American  jobs overseas, not repeal existing collective bargaining agreements,  and remain neutral in any union organizing effort.   Again, these are not new ideas, not radical ideas. All of these  conditions are identical to the conditions that were placed in the  CARES Act, which passed 96 to nothing.   I also want to say a word about the provision in there that  authorizes $10 billion for Blue Origin, a company owned by Mr. Bezos.   You know, when we were younger and Neil Armstrong made it to the  Moon, there was incredible joy and pride in this country that the  United States of America did something that people forever had thought  was impossible. We sent a man to the Moon, an extraordinary  accomplishment. And the entire world watched that event with bated  breath. It was just an extraordinary accomplishment for all of  humanity, not just the United States, but we have a special pride  because that was our project.   I worry very much that what we are seeing now are two of the  wealthiest people in this country--Mr. Musk, Elon Musk, and Mr. Bezos-- deciding that they are going to take control over our space efforts to  get to the Moon and maybe even the extraordinary accomplishment of  getting to Mars. What an accomplishment that would be.   But I have to tell you that I have a real problem that, to a  significant degree, we are privatizing that effort. So that as a  nation, we will not sit with pride in saying we did it but instead  saying, well, maybe Mr. Bezos or maybe Mr. Musk sent somebody to the  Moon or maybe even to Mars. This is something that should be an  American effort, that all of us should be part of and not simply be a  private corporation undertaking. So I have a real problem with the  authorization of $10 billion going to somebody who, among other things,  is the wealthiest person in this country.   So what I hope very much is that my amendment will be a part of the  managers' amendments. I suspect there are Republicans who often tell us  about wanting to save taxpayer dollars and not just throw them about  who would be sympathetic to this effort, and I know there are a number  of Democrats who are as well. So I would hope very much that my  amendment No. 2016, which will be modified to just include provisions  that were in the CARES bill, that it will be included in the managers'  amendments that we will be voting on shortly.   With that, I leave the microphone.    I did know that.   