 Madam President, last week I held 12 meetings in Iowa.  Those meetings are for the purpose of having dialogue with my  constituents, mostly answering their questions. As many of my  colleagues know, I hold face-to-face meetings with Iowans in all 99  counties every year. It has been a privilege to get to every county in  every corner of the State every single year for the past four decades.   People have asked me why I do this. The simple answer is, in our  system of self-government, I am one half of a representative  government; my constituents are the other half. My county meetings are  a good way for me to keep in touch and see for myself the challenges  and successes going on in communities across my home State. In recent  years, it has become an important way for me to counter disinformation,  correct misinformation, and sidestep censorship that Americans digest  daily in the mainstream and social media.   Big tech and big data companies, much like State surveillance and Big  Brother, share something in common: If left unchecked, Big Tech can  undermine the privacy, civil liberties, and constitutional freedoms  that every American should hold sacred and should never take for  granted.   Responsible digital citizenship is more important now than ever,  particularly with the censuring that is going on. Consumers must be  mindful about their digital footprint. Anything typed into a search  engine is effectively a digital diary, saved in the cloud for some  rainy day. Consumers must be mindful about what is posted, what is  downloaded, what is shared, and what is liked on social media  platforms.   The road to responsible and accountable digital citizenship isn't  solely the consumer's responsibility. Social media companies, as well  as content and internet providers, are not exempt from ethical  corporate stewardship, especially when the welfare of the next  generation is at stake. Keep in mind that human trafficking is a  pervasive crime that grooms and blackmails young people on Main Street  but also in online communications.   However, having said all those question marks about Big Tech, I think  we all realize that Big Tech isn't all bad. Technology companies have  revolutionized our way of life and how we connect with friends and  family. During the pandemic--and we are still in that pandemic-- technology delivered invaluable connections for e-commerce, for digital  learning, for teleworking, and for telehealth. However, that doesn't  give big tech and big data companies license to undermine  constitutional protections or disregard harmful impacts their products  and services have on civic life and public trust in our American  democracy. Titans of technology need to take responsibility for the  products they build, sell, and profit from fellow Americans.   Policymakers and regulators have a duty to shape and enforce the  rules of the road. Big Tech and all of its stakeholders, from content  makers, social media platforms, and internet service providers, all  bear responsibility to understand how their business model puts freedom  at risk. Red flags are popping up all over the digital frontier, from  recurring data breaches to online censorship, misuse of user profiles,  and the recent mess with an online brokerage app.   In the last two Presidential elections, Big Tech has had a big  influence on information that appeared or didn't appear in Americans'  social media feeds.   Big Tech can't hide behind its business model when its revenue  streams cash in on an infrastructure that sows division and distrust  among Americans. This ecosystem has been exploited to radicalize  political extremism and mobilize civil unrest. Social media companies  have reaped the benefits of their enterprise, so these companies bear  some responsibility to help repair cracks in the architecture of our  civic institutions and also to heal the wounds festering in American  life.   Our economic freedom allows social media companies to create a  business model that grows their bottom line. Americans need to  understand their personal data is harvested for profit.  [[Page S846]]  Advertisers buy the data to influence consumer and voter behavior. The  bottom line for every American ought to be ensuring that constitutional  protections aren't archived--out of sight, out of mind--in the annals  of history.   I am not saying Big Tech is a bad actor, but I am calling on Big Tech  to be a good actor. Take responsibility for the online ecosystem you  created.   Congress also must take a good, hard look at this famous section 230  we all talk about that has given these platforms great protection--more  protection than they probably deserve--and whether, in regard to  section 230, there is a need to reform immunity laws on the books. I  think there is great reason to do that.   We have seen what happens when conversations take place online versus  in person. Take it from me. The tone of conversation was neighborly and  civil when I talked with these Iowans last week in Forest City, IA, or  Ogden, IA, to answer their questions. However civil that is, it is sure  offset by the incivility on these platforms. Incivility outflanks  kindness, I think, tenfold in the responses posted on my Twitter  account.   We need to work together to heal the unholy civil divide that has  taken root online. It is bleeding into our way of life, pitting  neighbor against neighbor, and harming the ability of elected leaders  to build bipartisan consensus for the public good.   I am here to put social media platforms, the mainstream media,  Congress, and the American public on notice: The digital landscape  needs a reboot. What we do with this space will influence how young  people participate in civic and political life for generations to come.   So, in closing, in the coming days, I am going to have more  conversations with my colleagues on this through a series of speeches.  I will be talking more about social and mainstream media, censorship,  and freedom of speech, particularly on college campuses.   I yield the floor.   