 Madam Speaker, war powers and AUMF, it is a distant  impersonal term to talk about the work of the warfighter. And I think  for people on both sides of the aisle, it is anything but impersonal.   Probably all of us in here know people who have passed in our wars,  roads named after them, schools named after them, VFWs, and other  buildings named after them. It is not impersonal to those of us in here  and to those who have been targeted by snipers, have had ordnance  dropped on them, walked across fields of improvised explosive devices,  were burned alive in Humvees and other pieces of equipment that they  served their time in.   It is not impersonal to us. We all know the stories. And I like to  believe that we do take that very seriously.   And there is broad-based consensus on the fact that these AUMFs need  to be changed. But to do that and to have the appropriate  responsibility to those who go out there and fight the wars, we have to  talk to the people who go out there and command the battles, that sit  in the JOC and sit in the TOC, and sit in the Pentagon.   But, instead, what we did was we had professors from NYU and Harvard  and Yale come in and speak to us for a few minutes about their  opinions.   But what I can tell you is that a battlefield looks nothing like a  lecture hall or a faculty lounge. They are not the same things. And  their opinions are not nearly as weighty as those of the Chairman of  the Joint Chiefs of Staff or the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary  of the Army or the Secretary of the Navy or the Commandant of the  Marine Corps or one of our combatant commanders.   If we take seriously this power that the 435 of us in this body have,  not just to cast a vote, but to cast an informed vote to say that we  went out there and did every bit of diligence that we could, it means  speaking to those individuals, asking those questions, and then coming  to the conclusions that bring us to the votes that we cast.   But without that, we are acting on pure arrogance that we know better  without asking any questions, that we know what to do without going out  there and seeking any facts, without finding out how this will affect  the defense of our homeland. And it is not what gives the honor and  respect to those who go out there and defend this country. It is not  what gives the honor and respect to them that they deserve.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his comments about  us seeking advice on Authorization for Use of Military Force from  academics from Harvard, Yale, and NYU. And though they may have spent  time serving in defense roles, I would remind the chairman that in the  hearings that these academics voiced their opinions in, they expressed  numerous times that they didn't even have the access to information  that we had. They said it over and over. They didn't have the answers  that we might have the answers to.    I would say it is incumbent upon this body to seek answers not from  those who say we have more information, but to ask somebody who may  potentially have more information than us so that we can make a more  informed decision about policy that we are tasked with voting on that  affects so many.   