 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr.  Lamborn) for yielding and for claiming the time this evening to  acknowledge the significance of honoring God's Word.   Madam Speaker, as we gather tonight to recognize the 80th celebration  of National Bible Week, I am reminded of Matthew 18:20, ``For where two  or three gather in my name, there am I with them.''   When the Pilgrims landed in the New World, they made a covenant with  God that they would serve the Lord. When the Founding Fathers crafted  our Constitution, they remembered the principles set forth in the Word  of God.   As a child growing up in the Upper Cumberland region of Tennessee, we  used to begin each day at school with prayer and Bible reading. We  would also stand, place our hand over our heart, and proudly recite the  Pledge of Allegiance to our flag, which describes our Republic as one  nation under God.   But as a nation today, we are moving further away from these Godly  principles. We live in a culture and society that says the way we have  always done things has to change. We are told to bend tradition, bend  the truth, and bend conviction to accommodate the radical message of  the day. And if we refuse, we run the risk of being targeted by the  cancel culture.   Although it is often difficult to stand against societal trends such  as those I describe, I believe it is better to walk with God's truth,  the truth which is found within the pages of the Holy Bible.   As Christians, we are filled with the truth and hope found in God's  Word. In a time of uncertainty, where woke news and social media  organizations malign those of us who espouse these traditional values,  giving us less hope for a bright future, God's Word remains the same.  Our God is faithful, and He is the same yesterday, today, and forever.   In America, freedom is something we often take for granted. We are  free to speak, we are free to worship, and we are free to read the Holy  Book, and we are free to spread the gospel to all the world and to all  generations without fear of persecution. But all these freedoms today  are under attack like never before.   It is in that that I was encouraged earlier today when a good friend  of mine, David Fox, and his granddaughter, Audrey Jane Bowman, called  as they were studying her fourth grade civics lessons. So I was  encouraged to know that they are espousing and continuing. Mr. Fox is  an elder in my church.   As a devoted Christian, I am proud to recognize National Bible Week  and usher in renewal of religious liberty in America. I pray to the God  of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob for the fortitude and humility to properly  represent David Fox and Audrey Jane Bowman, and all of the good people  of the Sixth Congressional District of Tennessee; and that through this  Word, I will be able to help bring more souls to know Jesus Christ as  their Lord and Savior.   May God continue to bless our great nation and bless each one of us.   