 Madam Speaker, today we have the opportunity to begin to  right a century-old wrong. I rise to support the creation of a  Congressional Gold Medal in honor of the Harlem Hellfighters.   Thousands of Harlem Hellfighters were African-American soldiers who  signed up to join the U.S. Army in World War I. Sadly, but predictably,  White soldiers were unwilling to serve alongside Black soldiers, and  these brave men were assigned to join the French Army. But that didn't  stop them.   The Harlem Hellfighters, wearing U.S. uniforms but issued weapons and  helmets by the French, went on to face more combat time than any other  regiment during World War I. No Harlem Hellfighter was captured as a  prisoner of war, and they never gave up any ground.   The bravery, dedication, and sacrifices of the Harlem Hellfighters  who served 191 days under near-constant enemy fire impacted the outcome  of World War I, but instead of receiving a hero's welcome, they  returned home to racism and race-fueled violence.   There were three dozen Hellfighters who came from my hometown of Glen  Cove. In 2019 the family of Sergeant Leander Willett came to tell me  about their father and grandfather. He had served in France and had  been stabbed by a German bayonet and been the victim of mustard gas  attacks, but never received a Purple Heart. He returned home and died  in 1956 without ever being properly recognized and honored for his  service to our country. He joined his fellow comrades who have been  lost to history.   In November of 2019 we surprised the Willett family with a posthumous  Purple Heart for Sergeant Willett for wounds received as a result of  hostile actions in France on October 4, 1918.   I then approached my colleague Adriano Espaillat, who represents  Harlem, and the chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Joyce  Beatty, about collaborating together to attain a Congressional Gold  Medal. They both immediately and enthusiastically agreed. We went on to  obtain 310 bipartisan cosponsors of this bill and expect strong support  today.   I would like to especially thank Chairwoman Waters for her and the  Financial Services Committee's support. On behalf of the Willett  family, the families of dozens of Harlem Hellfighters from my hometown,  and a grateful Nation, we say thank you to this body for putting aside  partisanship and helping to right a century-old harm. It is never too  late to do the right thing.   