 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in opposition to this sloppy $1 trillion infrastructure  package. This bill was advertised as fully paid for, Mr. Speaker. That  is a lie. It includes $550 billion in new spending and will add almost  $400 billion to the national debt.   Yes, this bill includes funding for roads, bridges, railways,  waterways, and broadband. Unfortunately, just 23 percent, or $127  billion, is for these programs.   This legislation also includes the largest Federal investment in  Amtrak, which just posted an $801 million operating loss and has never  turned a profit in its 50-year history.   That is typical government business, Mr. Speaker. Nobody in their  right mind would invest in a financial sinkhole like Amtrak, but  Congress sure as heck will. They have become very fond of throwing  money at programs that just don't work.   Electric vehicle owners don't pay their fair share in taxes toward  maintaining the roads they drive on, but this bill has special  carveouts for these folks. There is $7.5 billion for electric vehicle  charging stations in this legislation. Folks who drive these cars are  extremely wealthy, as nearly 80 percent of the electric vehicle owners  make more than $100,000 in income and already seek tax credits for  owning these cars.   Worse of all, this bill increases Federal bureaucrats' influence over  local infrastructure projects. The United States Department of  Transportation is a mile down the street from the Capitol Building here  in D.C., not in east Tennessee.    Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Joyce for yielding.   Madam Speaker, take a look at the average cost of a gallon of  gasoline. When President Biden took office, a gallon of gasoline was  $2.38 a gallon. Today, that number is $3.18, an increase of 33.6  percent. 33.6 percent, Madam Speaker. It wasn't too long ago Americans  could fill up their tanks for a little over $2 a gallon.   President Biden's attacks on reliable fossil fuel sources are hitting  middle class Americans directly in their wallets. Inflating gas prices  are a tax on working Americans when they go to the pump for their  commute to work or a vacation with their families.   And it is nothing short of hypocrisy, Madam Speaker, that President  Biden has tried to close Federal lands for drilling but lifted  sanctions on Russia's Nord Stream 2 pipeline. Russia is allowed to  utilize its own domestic energy resources, but our country is not. Let  that sink in.   President Biden's solution to energy problems he created is to push  unproven renewable technology on Americans. This includes solar panels,  which are celebrated by the far left as the future of renewable energy.  But there is a dark secret to solar panels, Madam Speaker. Over half of  the world's polysilicon, a crucial material in solar panel production,  is mined using Uighur slave labor in China's Xinjiang Province.   Forget the outrageous cost of one of these solar panels. Exploiting  slave labor to charge your electric car or power your house with clean  energy isn't worth it, Madam Speaker.   Wealthy liberals might feel really good about that solar panel on the  roof of their vacation home, but before they lecture the rest of us  about clean energy, they should think twice about how that solar panel  was made.   