 Mr. President, the Senate is currently taking up a  nominee to the Bureau of Land Management: Tracy Stone-Manning. There is  a lot that I can say about Tracy Stone-Manning, but there are some key  features that come out if you are going to deal with the Bureau of Land  Management.   You walk into a leadership role where you have thousands of people  working under you and around you, and you have care for the forests,  and you have care for a lot of things that are running our environment.  [[Page S6828]]    This particular leader was involved, when she was in college, in a  group that was gathering to be able to spike trees. She has admitted  that she is the one who actually wrote the letter to be able to  actually lay out what they had done, where they drove a spike into some  trees, intentionally designed to be able to threaten loggers who would  come through that area; that if they actually put a chain saw to that,  there is a decent chance it would break the chain and it would come at  the logger or that if they put that log in a sawmill, it would split  the bandsaw and throw debris across all the workers who are there. To  be clear, tree spiking is an act of ecoterrorism.   Now, this individual will be voted on by this body to lead the Bureau  of Land Management. I wish I could say that was the only issue that was  there, but as you read through her writings--she wrote multiple  different things about dealing with environmental issues, but one of  the things that were most painful to me to be able to read was a  section that she wrote where she had a picture of a child, and in the  picture of the child, it said: ``This is the greatest environmental  threat that we face''--children. In her philosophy, the world has too  many kids, and the way that we can protect the environment is to have  fewer children in the world. I happen to think children are a blessing,  not an environmental threat.   But this body is about to vote on putting Tracy Stone-Manning to lead  the Bureau of Land Management.   