 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman of the  committee from New York (Mr. Nadler) for yielding and his support, as  well as the distinguished Member from the great State of North Carolina  (Mr. Bishop) for his support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 704, the ARTS Act, a  bipartisan, bicameral effort to support the student creators of  America, help ignite their passions, and allow them to dream big.   The Framers of our Constitution and the Founders of our great country  understood that society would benefit if we incentivize creativity and  innovation. That is why Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United  States Constitution gives Congress the power to create a robust  intellectual property system to promote the progress of science and  useful arts. Many of our Founders, of course, were authors and  inventors themselves.   The ARTS Act seeks to build upon this principle and practice by  helping to introduce the next generation of creators from around the  country to copyright and intellectual property.   Specifically, it would permit the Register of Copyrights to waive  application filing fees to register a copyright for those talented high  school students who win the Congressional Art Competition or the  Congressional App Competition each year.   By doing so, student creators will be incentivized to register their  works, allowing them to gain experience with the copyright process and  insight into its subsequent benefits and familiarize themselves with  our intellectual property system, which is in the fabric of the U.S.  Constitution.    We have often worked together in a bipartisan fashion to carry out  our constitutional mandate in this space, as we are doing today. In the  last Congress, this bill unanimously passed the Senate, and it has  bipartisan support in both Chambers.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to particularly thank the original co-lead  on this bill, Representative Nancy Mace, for her leadership and  partnership on this legislation, as well as Senators Tillis and Leahy  for leading this effort in the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support our Nation's next  generation of creators and to vote ``yes'' on this straightforward  bipartisan, bicameral legislation.   