 Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better.   They've been told that this bill is about Covid, but less than a dime  of every dollar goes to Covid vaccines and defeating the virus.   They've been told that this is a stimulus, but it doesn't do anything  to stimulate the economy--in fact, it could make it even worse,  especially paired with President Biden's war on energy jobs, and  Democrats' looming efforts to raise your taxes.   The White House refuses to tell the American people how many jobs it  will create because they know it won't create jobs. It won't even  secure the jobs most Americans have.   The February jobs report shows that, although we are far behind where  we were prior to the pandemic, jobs are picking up.   We could help Black Americans, Asian Americans, women, and those  without college degrees get a stronger foothold in the workforce.   But Democrats are leaving them behind today. This won't lift people  out of poverty, it will only create more barriers out of it.   The only jobs this bill is intended to secure are those of political  friends. It's a political payoff.   The list of things Democrats left out of the House bill was bad  enough.   They preferred to pay people more to stay at home than go to work.   They left behind poor kids in West Virginia in order to give  preference to Democrat states.   They left behind kids who want to go to school by sending money to  schools that will stay closed.   They left behind front-line health-care workers without protections  from frivolous lawsuits.   They left behind the millions of Americans whose identities were  stolen during acts of unemployment insurance fraud.   They left behind the #JoeJobless--the victims of President Biden's  war on energy.   They left behind special-needs kids and their parents who need help  saving for their therapies.   They left behind families who worry about losing the doubled child  tax credit.   They left behind the unborn by allowing health care dollars to be  used for abortions.   They left behind the families of the victims of Governor Cuomo's  mismanagement by refusing to require governors to report accurate data  on their nursing home deaths.   They even rejected more fixes offered by colleagues in the Senate.   Republicans wanted to provide more support for resident and employee  safety in nursing facilities. Democrats said no.   Republicans said let's target stimulus checks towards those who have  lost jobs, people who don't need to pay rent, or buy groceries.  Democrats said no, let's send checks to prisoners.   Republicans said let's make sure stimulus checks go to Americans who  need them. Democrats said no, let's allow them to go to people in this  country illegally because they've overstayed their visas. During a  crisis on the border? Really?   Just one year ago, Democrats said it was not possible that we would  have a vaccine in a year. Our own President and Vice President said  they would not trust such a vaccine.   Today, we have several vaccines. And, unless I'm mistaken, every  member in this Chamber has had an opportunity to receive one.   Every American that we serve, however, has not. And yet the  Democrats' Covid bill is 1 percent about the vaccines they didn't  believe would exist.   Democrats are today saying that there is nothing they could have done  to make a $1.9 trillion bill more targeted, while admitting there's  plenty of waste, and yet still defending funding for museums.   We did better when we worked together. Through December, over five  Covid aid bills, Republicans and Democrats, we worked tirelessly to  deliver over $3.5 trillion, the largest amount of relief in American  history.   Instead, we have this political payoff, which leaves Americans  behind, while Democrats demand they foot the bill for it.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.   