 Madam President, as I said earlier in this debate, I  agree that working to shore up our hard infrastructure is a worthy  cause. Investing in infrastructure the right way is a wise investment  in America's future and in our long-term competitiveness.   But that is not what we are being asked to vote on here. Rather, we  have a package with some infrastructure that is good for our economy.  Yet it is riddled with Big Government and massive deficit spending,  over a quarter of a trillion dollars in the hole.   And we want to rush through this as quickly as possible?   There is a right way and a wrong way to pursue noble goals. And let's  be clear. The Democrat leadership has tied this infrastructure bill to  their effort to use their 50-vote reconciliation process to  fundamentally move America toward Western Europe-style socialism, which  as anyone can see today, brings with it limited opportunity, less  innovation, crushing taxes, a bloated government bureaucracy, and  cradle-to-grave government dependency.   Right on cue, Democrats have introduced a $3.5 trillion part of the  plan this morning, and the Democrat leader promised that the Senate  will turn to it just as soon as this bill is passed.   I wish this wasn't the case. And all it would take for it not to be  the case is for just one of my Democrat colleagues to say that they  won't support the $3.5 billion part of this plan.   I am still hopeful, but I remain concerned, given the statements by  Democrats just like my colleague, who just spoke a minute ago, from  Oregon.   President Biden and Speaker Pelosi have been clear that this  bipartisan deal on infrastructure won't become law unless all of the  socialist Big Government items that got excluded from the so-called  track 1 of the first deal are later tacked on to it in track 2 of their  plan. The Democrat leader is saying this quite clearly, using the  consistent refrain of a two-track plan.   They are doing this because the far left has pushed the Democrats  over the edge. Whether the subject is court packing, election  takeovers, or government dependency, it is clear that the far left is  calling the shots in the Democratic Party today.   Sadly, Democrats view this infrastructure bill as an important tool  to advance the far left's agenda. Democrat leaders have promised to  link it to trillions of dollars more in government taxing, spending,  and dependency programs that this body will take up later this week.  This smoke-and-mirrors charade is the kind of thing that makes  Americans shake their heads.   I have negotiated deals my whole career, and often what is negotiated  out of a deal is just as important as what is in it. There is not a  deal if, at the last minute, the other side uses a side deal or a  different program to put everything in it that you never wanted. That  is why, when we consider this infrastructure bill, we must also look to  the multitrillion-dollar, tax-and-spend path to socialism that the  Democrat leaders have promised will be part of the total package. So  Members of this body and the American people need to listen carefully  to what is expected to be in this second part of the plan and try not  to let your jaw hit the floor in the process.   Just listen to what Democrats are promising to stuff into this  reconciliation bill. It will enable the Green New Deal. It will crush  the American fossil fuel industry--never mind the fact that the  industry is continuing to become ever more industry clean on its own.   This will cost millions of American jobs. It will sacrifice the  energy independence we have already achieved, and it will make us more  dependent on foreign adversaries. Ultimately, Democrats would rather  placate the far left's near-religious fervor for government-subsidized  electric cars and windmills, even if it means hollowing out American  communities that provide our energy independence today.   And they will jeopardize our national security in the process. It is  a great deal for the green energy lobby which supports Democrat  politicians, but it is a terrible deal for our Nation and for our  national security.   It will drastically increase taxes on job creators, which will cost  untold number of jobs and reduce wages. Get ready to see more jobs  shipped out of the United States and into the welcoming arms of China.  Don't worry, though, Democrats are proposing to create a Civilian  Climate Corps that will hire some of the people who lose their jobs. To  do what? Proselytize on the virtues of clean energy?   It will impose one of the largest ever tax increases on American  capital, resulting in America having one of the highest tax rates on  investment and capital in the industrialized world. Capital investment  creates new jobs and innovation, and this will crush that process in  America.    It will expand the death tax that Americans must pay on savings and  property of their loved ones that pass away. It will make it much  harder for small businesses and farms to be passed on to the next  generation.   It will move America closer to a European socialist model for  healthcare, with less choice, longer wait times, and less quality. If  we have learned anything during the coronavirus pandemic, it is that we  have the greatest healthcare system and healthcare workers in the  world. The last thing we need to do is try to make our healthcare  system weaker.   It will nullify the State right-to-work laws and ensure American  workers don't have a choice but to submit to union bosses. It is  impossible to say how many good-paying jobs this will cost States like  Tennessee, States that have experienced enormous growth and prosperity  in recent decades by passing laws that put workers first by allowing  them to choose whether or not they want to join a union. But union dues  are used to fund Democrat political campaigns. So rather than make  unions earn the support of workers, Democrats want to mandate it.  [[Page S6103]]    At a time when American small businesses are desperately looking for  employees, this legislation will provide even more incentives for  American workers not to work. Small businesses and American consumers  will suffer as a result.   It will provide more handouts to teachers unions who have refused to  open schools in much of the country for the last year and a half.  Teachers unions provide a great windfall benefit to Democrat political  campaigns.   It will provide more handouts to green unions and green energy  interests, which conveniently fund the campaigns of Democrat  politicians.   Are you noticing a trend yet?   In addition to taking more American taxpayers' hard-earned dollars,  it will be debt-financed and not paid for, at least not by our  generation. It may be convenient for today's politicians, but our  children and grandchildren will be left footing the bill. It will be so  large that it will likely be beyond the capacity of Congress to even  oversee it to prevent the waste, fraud, and abuse that are sure to  come.   We should all be deeply concerned.   Ultimately, this package is designed to create a permanent state of  government dependency and reliance for everything from jobs to your  choice of doctors, to fueling your car. That way, you will have to turn  to the institution Democrats have captured most: government and the  unelected bureaucracy that controls virtually everything.   In the short term, this is a reckless, multitrillion-dollar step  toward socialism--again, several trillion dollars. That is 13 digits, a  number that many calculators don't even have room for. This step will  likely add further fuel to already rampant inflation.   As we know, inflation is a hidden tax on all Americans, cutting into  our savings, decreasing real earnings, and hurting our retirees most of  all.   Over the longer term, this path to socialism will slow job creation  and productivity. It will reduce wages. It will ship jobs overseas. It  will harm small businesses and workers and freeze investment right here  in America. It will drastically increase taxes, and it will hobble  innovative industries and technologies in which America was poised to  lead. And Green New Deal mandates and regulations will crush industries  where we currently do lead, such as the energy industry.   With this massive expansion of inefficient government, bureaucratic  government in our day-to-day lives will increase. It is as if  Democrats' goal is to emulate the totalitarian central planners of the  Chinese Communist Party. Rather than competing against China by  creating a free market-driven environment for innovation and job  creation, which, by the way, is how we won the Cold War, Democrats seem  to want to copy China's model.   This tax-and-spend spree by Democrats will also burden our children  and grandchildren with even more debt. Sadly, this isn't a pig-in-a- python moment, and the harmful effects of this spending spree will last  for generations.   America is nearly $30 trillion in debt--$30 trillion. Thirty trillion  is significantly more than the total value of what our economy produces  annually. As Democrats impose policies that will limit economic growth  and productivity, our ability to pay our debts will become much more  difficult. As the debt payments we owe continue to increase and become  a larger and larger share of the Federal revenue pie, we are going to  leave our children with some really tough choices.   So while I support hard infrastructure and working to find a right  way to invest in it, joining it at the hip with a vision for America as  a socialist utopia isn't it. The stakes are too high, and it is time to  get serious about the path we are heading down. We must think beyond  today and our short-term interests. We need to stop endangering our  children's and our grandchildren's future while we still can, by  getting our spending under control and developing a plan for paying  down our debt, not by making it far worse.   This multitrillion-dollar path to socialism threatens the future of  our country. It not only threatens to leave our children with an  unpayable debt, but it also limits their ability to pay it off by  smothering our economy with massive government bureaucracy that stifles  the private-sector innovation that has until now led the world.   America has always been a beacon of hope for the world because we are  exceptional. We have provided more freedom, opportunity, and prosperity  than any other nation. We have been proud of this exceptionalism and  have carefully safeguarded it through generations.   The strength of America is our unique system--our spirit, our work  ethic, our compassion, and the communities we create. This  multitrillion-dollar plan, which increases government control and  decreases freedom and opportunity, threatens the system at our core.   Our government exists to preserve the freedoms that allow the  American people and our communities to flourish, not to control the  American people. And the American people will flourish, if permitted to  do so. In this sense, the only thing that can stop America is America's  government by limiting our own people's opportunity and our prosperity.   I am asking my colleagues to fight to ensure that the America that we  know endures for our children. The ``greatest generation'' gave us the  most just and prosperous country in the history of the world, the  country that won World War II and then the Cold War, and we must fight  to preserve it, not throw it away.   Because the President and Democratic leaders have bound this  infrastructure bill to a plan that will dramatically weaken America and  reduce opportunity and prosperity for our people, I will be casting a  ``no'' vote and urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   