 Mr. President, yesterday, the Senate moved a historic  bill one step closer to President Biden's desk. The Senate unanimously  passed legislation to finally make Juneteenth a Federal holiday and to  preserve the legacy of that momentous day for generations to come.   For more than a century, Texans have celebrated Juneteenth and  commemorated the anniversary of the day slaves in Texas were first  informed of the news that they were, indeed, free. President Lincoln  issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, but the news  didn't reach Texas for 2\1/2\ years, until June 19, 1865.   We were the first State to make Juneteenth a holiday and, of course,  it commemorates an event that occurred in Galveston, TX. But over the  last four decades, many other States have joined us.   It is finally time to recognize Juneteenth as a national holiday. I  reintroduced this bipartisan bill with the Senator from Massachusetts,  Senator Markey, this year, and I have been proud to work alongside my  fellow Texan Congresswoman, Sheila Jackson Lee, in the House to get the  bill passed and signed into law. The bill now heads to the House and  according to Congressman Steny Hoyer, the House will actually pass it  today.   I will have more to say about the history and significance of  Juneteenth tomorrow, but for now, I want to thank the dozens of  Senators on both sides of the aisle who have supported this effort. I  think, particularly now at this point in our Nation's history, a little  reconciliation can go a long way.   It is also an opportunity to learn from our past. America is the  greatest Nation in the world, but we are not perfect and, indeed, the  original sin of slavery when this country was created has caused this  country a lot of angst, death, and injustice over the years. We fought  a civil war, and 600,000 Americans died. If you extrapolated that to  current population, that would be like 3 million Americans dying.   Of course, we went through the civil rights movement in the sixties,  and, of course, the latest manifestation of racial strife is the  unfortunate killing of people like George Floyd and the lack of trust  that exists between some law enforcement and the communities that they  serve.   While America is not perfect, we continue to do the work to strive to  be ``a more perfect Union,'' in the words of the Constitution   