 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, you know, in  Washington, there is always political rhetoric that goes around. The  Senator from New Hampshire just moments ago described the Embassies in  Europe that are missing Ambassadors. She said they are missing  Ambassadors because of Republican objections, and she highlighted in  particular Ukraine.   I would like to point out there is some irony in her doing so because  actually the reason there is no Ambassador in Ukraine is because of one  thing and one thing only: President Biden has not nominated anybody to  serve as Ambassador to Ukraine. We are in December of the first year of  his Presidency, and Biden has yet to name an ambassador. So there are  no Republican holds, there are no Republican objections to an  ambassador that Biden has not even named.   In addition, there were multiple Ambassadors who have been named whom  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has yet to hold a hearing on.  For every one of those nominees on whom there hasn't been a hearing,  again, there are no Republican objections; it is simply that the Senate  Democrats have failed to move forward with hearings.   But there are a number of nominees who have been nominated and who  have had hearings on whom I have holds. And we are here today once  again because the Democrats in this Chamber have been unwilling to do  the one thing that would stop Vladimir Putin from potentially invading  Ukraine, which is sanctioning the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline and making  sure that it never becomes fully operational.   Now, Senator Shaheen, along with every other Senator in this Chamber,  knows exactly why I have holds on these nominees. Right now, as we  speak, over 100,000 Russian troops are massed on the border of Ukraine,  waiting to invade. And it is Joe Biden's fault because it is a direct  consequence of President Biden's surrender to Vladimir Putin on Nord  Stream 2.   For those watching at home asking ``What is Nord Stream 2?'' it is a  pipeline being constructed from Russia to Germany to carry natural gas.  Putin is building Nord Stream 2 to go around Ukraine because right now,  Russian gas gets to Europe through Ukraine.   Putin didn't just wake up one day and decide to invade Ukraine; he  has wanted to invade Ukraine for years. He did it in 2014, but he  stopped short of a full invasion because he needed to use Ukrainian  energy infrastructure to transport Russian gas to the European market.  Ukraine's energy infrastructure is their insurance policy against a  Russian invasion.   Nord Stream 2 is all about Putin building an alternative avenue to  get Russian gas to Europe. So if Nord Stream 2 comes online, it leaves  Ukraine exposed to Russian aggression.   Just 2 years ago, we had a bipartisan consensus in the Senate that we  needed to stop Nord Stream 2. Now, Senator Shaheen knows that well  because she and I authored the legislation together. She and I worked  together to get the support of Democrats and Republicans in the Senate  and the support of Democrats and Republicans in the House. The Cruz- Shaheen legislation sanctioning Nord Stream 2 passed both Houses of  Congress overwhelmingly and was signed into law. The Cruz-Shaheen  legislation worked marvelously well, so well that Putin stopped  construction of Nord Stream 2 the day that President Trump signed our  legislation into law--not even a week later, not a month later, but the  very day that our sanctions were signed into law.   It was an incredible, bipartisan national security victory that we  won together, and that victory continued for over a year. For over a  year, Nord Stream 2 lay dormant on the bottom of the ocean, dead,  until, unfortunately, Joe Biden became President.   Almost from the moment of election day, Biden and the incoming  administration began projecting weakness to Russia and Putin, and to  understand just how much that message was received: Joe Biden was sworn  in as President on January 20, 2021. Putin began building the Nord  Stream 2 Pipeline again on January 24, 2021, 4 days after Biden was  sworn in.   In the Senate, I introduced legislation again in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee that passed in the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee--in this Senate--with overwhelming bipartisan support to  sanction Nord Stream 2 yet again. But this summer, the Biden White  House made a political decision to surrender completely to Putin on  Nord Stream 2, and President Biden waived the sanctions on Nord Stream  2. He did so overruling the recommendations of his own State Department  that argued that this protects U.S. national security interests, this  stands up to Russia, and this protects Ukraine. The Biden White House  didn't care about any of that--overruled it all.   Then, unfortunately, Senate Democrats lost their willingness to hold  Biden to account. This is an issue on which Democrats and Republicans  are agreed on the substance. But it can be difficult to stand up to a  President of your own party, and on Nord Stream 2, Senate Democrats  have not been willing to do so. They were eager to do so when Donald  Trump was in the White House, but when a Democrat was in the White  House, suddenly their willingness to stand up to the President  evaporated.   So the holds that I have placed are directly in order to try to force  Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to follow the law and stand up to Russia  and stand up to Putin.   So I will offer my colleague Senator Shaheen a deal that I have  offered many times to the White House, to the State Department, to the  Department of the Treasury, and to Senate Democrats--a deal that if we,  as the Senate, will impose sanctions on Nord Stream 2, CAATSA  sanctions--yet another Russia sanctions bill that both Senator Shaheen  and I voted for, that we both advocated and supported, and that the  Biden administration is refusing to apply--if the Senate will impose  those sanctions, I will happily, enthusiastically lift my holds on  these nominees, and Senator Shaheen can take her map of Europe and  color in all of those countries. We can do that right now by doing the  right thing substantively.   By the way, this is the one step which has a real possibility of  stopping a Russian invasion of Ukraine.   This past weekend, the Biden administration declassified their own  internal projections that an invasion is imminent; it could happen as  soon as January or February. And if we see Russian tanks in the streets  of Kiev, it will  [[Page S9075]]  be because Joe Biden surrendered to Putin and Senate Democrats weren't  willing to hold him to account.   I hope that is not the case. We can act right now to sanction Nord  Stream 2 to stop the pipeline from being operational, to stop Putin and  the soldiers at the border to prevent the invasion, and to clear these  ambassadorial nominees that my Democratic colleagues want.   Accordingly, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Banking,  Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from further consideration of  S. 3322 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; I  further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. You know, I  would note that Senator Shaheen said it was simplistic to say that  sanctioning Nord Stream 2 would stop a Russian invasion of Ukraine. And  in that, Senator Shaheen may well be right.   I cannot guarantee that Nord Stream 2 sanctions would prevent an  invasion of Ukraine. What we do know is, it has in the past--what we do  know is that in 2014, when Putin invaded Ukraine in the Crimea, that he  stopped short of a full invasion because he needed the Ukrainian energy  infrastructure.   And we also know that, during the more than a year in which the Cruz- Shaheen sanctions were in effect and Nord Stream 2 was dead, that Putin  didn't amass troops in preparation for an invasion. So we know that it  has been effective.   And we also know, although I cannot promise that sanctioning Nord  Stream 2 would prevent an invasion--we know the obverse is true, which  is that allowing Nord Stream 2 to go online and become operational  would invite an invasion.   Senator Shaheen noted that the certification process is expected to  be concluded in January or February of next year.   I would note that according to the Biden administration's own  documents, the Russian invasion is expected, potentially, in January or  February of next year. I do not believe it is coincidental that the  instant Putin can turn on the switch of Nord Stream 2 is when the tanks  are preparing to invade.   If the Senate Democrats continue their partisan blockade of  sanctions, they are inviting a Russian invasion.    I would happily consent to a colloquy.    Well, I will accept that correction. I don't believe the  Senator said the spring. I think the Senator said after the first of  the year, but--    I do not think it is coincidental that the timing of Nord  Stream 2 and the timing of an invasion are intertwined.   Now, Senator Shaheen also suggested the way to prevent an invasion is  to be united with our allies. I actually agree with that.   I would point out that this summer, when President Biden waived the  sanctions on Nord Stream 2, do you know what our allies said? Ukraine  and Poland put out a joint statement. I would encourage you to read the  joint statement from the Foreign Ministers of Ukraine and Poland  because they denounced the Biden administration for waiving sanctions  on Nord Stream 2.   And do you know what Ukraine told us? That waiving those sanctions  makes a military attack on Ukraine much more likely. That is what  Poland told us.   Senator Shaheen knows that. She has spoken with the governments of  both countries, I am sure. I have spoken with the governments of both  countries. And they adamantly believe that waiving those sanctions is a  major force increasing the likelihood of a Russian invasion.   You know, one of the things that is striking in the debates we have  had in Nord Stream 2, throughout the course of all of this, we have yet  to see a single Democrat stand up and defend the Biden administration's  waiver of sanctions on Nord Stream 2 on the merits. They all know it is  wrong.   The only arguable benefit that the Biden White House claims is they  [[Page S9076]]  earned some good will with Angela Merkel. Angela Merkel had been the  leader of Germany. But, as Senator Shaheen noted, she is no longer the  leader of Germany. The German people voted her party out of office. And  the new administration is expected to oppose Nord Stream 2.   So we literally have a situation in which the Biden White House  surrendered to Russia, gave a multibillion-dollar pipeline to finance  the Russian military, abandon our Ukrainian allies, and did it all in  search of good will from a leader who is no longer in office.   Do you want us to be united? The European Parliament voted to condemn  Nord Stream 2. The last vote was roughly 500 to 50 to condemn Nord  Stream 2. Do you want to be united? How about if we stand with the 500  and not the 50?   If Senate Democrats would not object to my motion, we would be  standing with the whole of Europe, and we would be united.   And a final observation, Senator Shaheen decried the holds as an  effort to undermine Ambassadors. I would note that I have offered here,  as I have offered many, many times--as I have offered in writing as far  back as August of this year--to lift the holds if we adopt policy that  actually stands up to Russia.   Senator Shaheen says her changed position is not partisan. I  understand why one would want to say that. But her substantive argument  is, now, she doesn't want us to disagree with Germany.   Well, when Senator Shaheen and I authored Cruz-Shaheen in 2019, when  we authored the second Cruz-Shaheen in 2020, when we passed both of  them, we were disagreeing with Germany. The German Government was very  unhappy with it. But it was the right thing for American national  security. Nothing has changed.   And by the way, when there was a Republican President in the White  House, I repeatedly took on the Trump administration and pressed them  on this issue. The only thing that has changed--one thing has changed:  the letter behind the name of the person in the White House. Now, it is  a ``D'' and not an ``R.'' And all the Democrats who gave speeches on  Nord Stream 2, suddenly, we hear crickets. That needs to change.   I object.    Mr. President, a brief moment of clarification. Several of  the facts that I said in my remarks are undisputed because they are  undisputable.   No. 1, it is a fact that Putin stopped construction of Nord Stream 2  the day--the exact day--that President Trump signed the Cruz-Shaheen  sanctions into law--that day--and the pipeline was dormant for over a  year.   Now, Senator Shaheen said Putin ultimately went back to building the  pipeline even with the sanctions on the books. That is true--after Joe  Biden was sworn into office. Putin began building the pipeline on  January 24, 2021, 4 days after Biden was sworn in. Not a foot of the  pipeline was built between December of 2019, when the sanctions were  signed into law, and January 24. Putin began building the pipeline  because Biden telegraphed his surrender.   Secondly, Senator Shaheen suggested that if only we had an  ambassador, we might know what the European Parliament did. Thankfully,  we have these magic little devices that let us cross the Atlantic in  the twinkle of an eye, so we actually know that the European Parliament  voted roughly 500 to 50 to condemn Nord Stream 2. So if we want to  stand united with Europe--not just Ukraine and Poland; Europe--we want  to stand up to Nord Stream 2.   A final point I will say to Senator Shaheen perhaps is a word of  encouragement, which is that I have right now pending an offer with the  Democratic leadership to lift a number of these holds--a significant  number of these holds--if the Democratic leadership will agree to a  vote on Nord Stream 2 sanctions. We are engaged in productive  negotiations on that issue. If the Democrats cease obstruction, we can  have that vote, and a number of these holds can be lifted. But that  ultimately is going to be a decision for Senate Democrats.   I yield the floor.   