 Madam Speaker, too many falsehoods have been spread about  the Democrats' multitrillion-dollar tax and spend bill, the most  radical and expensive piece of legislation in our history.   The American people deserve to know the truth about the grave  ramifications of passing this fiscally irresponsible liberal wish list.   Let's unpack some of these egregious Pinocchios.   For starters, the left has erroneously claimed that the so-called  Build Back Better Act is fully paid for and will cost American  taxpayers zero dollars. This is false.   While we have not yet received the official CBO score, models show  that Biden's Big Government socialist spending package should cost more  than double what Democrats have previously reported. The number could  be upward of $4.5 trillion, with $3 trillion of it being in new debt.   Additionally, President Biden has touted for months that this  legislation will not raise taxes on Americans earning less than  $400,000 a year. According to early reports from the Congressional  Budget Office, this is completely false as well.   A recent analysis from the Tax Policy Center found that the reckless  reconciliation bill would hike taxes for 20 to 30 percent of middle- class families next year, yet taxpayers in the top 5 percent will see a  combined total tax cut of $32 billion. What a slap in the face to  millions of small businesses, hardworking employees, and their  families.   Lastly, the President and his Democrat allies have absurdly stated  that passing their pricey package will help ease inflation. Ease  inflation? Really? This is completely illogical and defies all reason  unless, of course, your intent is to deceive.   Injecting trillions of dollars of borrowed Federal money into the  economy, with billions of it going to climate change, will only worsen  the already burdensome effects of record-high inflation. The result  will be Americans struggling to afford gas, groceries, and heating  bills.   Keep in mind, the sole intent of the Biden, Bernie bankruptcy act's  enormous cost is to fund unpopular and radical policies, such as  taxpayer-funded abortion, weaponizing the IRS, and mass amnesty for  illegal migrants. Oh, and don't forget about the 150-plus new  government programs that will further expand the Federal Government's  size and scope.   Simply put, the unfortunate truth is that by ramming through their  Big Government socialist spending spree, Democrats are selfishly  prioritizing their dangerous, far-left agenda over the needs of the  American people.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service  of Jackson County Deputy Lena Marshall, whose picture is displayed  beside me right here.   Last week, Jackson County lost a mother and a heroic law enforcement  officer. After responding to a domestic call that spiraled into a  violent shootout, Deputy Marshall tragically lost her life while  serving to keep Georgians in our community safe.   While I never had the privilege of meeting Deputy Marshall  personally, I am deeply moved by her immeasurable sacrifice and  willingness to put Georgians' safety above her own.   As a resident of Jackson County myself, I believe I can speak for all  of us in the county in saying that we are forever thankful for Deputy  Marshall's dedication, her service, and her bravery.   My wife, Jennifer, and I continue to pray for Lena's family and for  her fellow Jackson County officers during this difficult time.   May God bless our men and women in blue who selflessly put their  lives on the line every day to keep us safe.   