 Madam Speaker, here we are again,  considering another politically motivated contempt resolution. This  time the contempt resolution is for someone who actually provided this  select committee with nearly 7,000 pages of nonprivileged e-mails and  other documents in response to a subpoena. More than 1,100 documents  and more than 2,300 text messages were also provided. But that doesn't  seem to be enough for this select committee. It really has turned out  to be nothing more than a partisan committee just to investigate the  former President.   Subpoenas are not open-ended. They are required to be narrowly  tailored. Unfortunately, this committee doesn't seem to care about the  rules.    I also have some serious concerns with the way whistleblowers and  other witnesses are being treated by this select committee.   I asked this question the last time we were here voting on a  politically motivated contempt resolution, and it still hasn't been  answered by the majority, so I will ask it again: Why was the Capitol  so unprotected on January 6?   There are serious security vulnerabilities that have not been  addressed and won't be addressed nearly a year after January 6. There  has been little real action taken in response to the Senate report on  January 6 and the Honore task force findings. The Capitol Police  inspector general has released 7 reports and 103 findings, yet the  majority has failed to ensure these findings are implemented in a  meaningful way.   We know massive changes to intel, perimeter protection, training,  leadership structure, decision-making processes, and many, many more  are needed, but neither this select committee nor the Committee on  House Administration seem at all interested in ensuring that these  changes are made.   Additionally, a number of questions, Madam Speaker, from that day  still remain unanswered. I am still waiting on the Speaker of the House  to answer a letter I sent her back in February that asks why the  National Guard request by then Police Chief Steven Sund were denied?  Why the Speaker was involved in eventually approving the request? And  why the House Sergeant at Arms has refused to comply with preservation  and production requests from my office? I am the ranking member of the  oversight committee for the Sergeant at Arms. They will not comply with  the preservation request from the committee of jurisdiction.   We have many other unanswered questions, too, Madam Speaker. With  these questions still unanswered and another purely political contempt  resolution on the floor today, it makes you ask yourself, what is the  majority hiding? And why are their priorities not the men and women  serving in the Capitol Police and making this Capitol more secure for  everyone? We need these reforms. They should have been done months ago.   