 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman allowing me to  stand in for the majority leader. I know he joins me in hoping that the  majority leader will be back with us very shortly and that this will be  his last time having to contend with me. I hope that Mr. Hoyer will be  rejoining us very soon, as he continues to mend.   Next week, the House will meet on Monday at 12 p.m. for morning-hour  debate and at 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes expected no  earlier than 6:30 p.m.   On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate  and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   On Wednesday, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for legislative  business.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   On Friday, the House will meet at 11:30 for a pro forma session.   On Monday, we will consider several bills under suspension of the  rules. The complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the  close of business today.   In addition, we will consider:   H.R. 3005, legislation to remove the bust of former Chief Justice  Roger Brooke Taney, Confederate statues, and certain other statues.   H.R. 2662, the Inspectors General Independence and Empowerment Act.  This legislation is sorely needed in the wake of the prior  administration's assault on the rule of law and independent oversight.  It would strengthen the independence of inspectors general and protect  their ability to investigate abuses at Federal agencies.   A resolution to establish a select committee to investigate the  January 6 attack on the Capitol.   H.R. 3684 will be considered, the INVEST in America Act, to grow our  economy and create good jobs by modernizing our Nation's roads,  bridges, rail, and transit. In addition to addressing surface  transportation, this bill will also include critical provisions to  address our safe drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I have not consulted with the majority leader on that subject. I  suspect that we will wait for the Senate's actions and make  determinations as needed when we get some definition as to what they  are going to do.   I understand that the gentleman indicates that what has occurred  regarding the bipartisan legislation is of concern, but I assure the  gentleman that the President made it very clear from the beginning that  he has a definition of infrastructure that goes into family needs that  are more or less nontraditional, and I think that all that the Speaker  has been talking about is to reinforce her beliefs that the President  is correct in his thoughts.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I don't know that I have any more to add to that except to say that,  if we go back into history, we have got to know that rail was not  infrastructure until Abraham Lincoln decided that it should be.  Interstate highways were not infrastructure until Dwight Eisenhower  decided that they should be. And broadband was not infrastructure until  now. I think that is because we are being more futuristic when we think  about what the needs are going to be in this great country as we move  forward.   I am glad that the gentleman agrees that broadband is, in fact, an  infrastructure issue. A couple years ago, I had a very hard time  getting people to understand that. COVID-19 has revealed to us that  there are things that we did not consider in the past which we must  consider going forward. Broadband is one of them. Family infrastructure  needs or a few other things.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I assure the gentleman that his concerns are well considered on this  side of the aisle. Next week will be our last week before going into  the Independence Day break, and I suspect some assessments will be made  between now and our returning after the July 4 holiday.   As you know, we have gone from 45 minutes down to 20 minutes. Now I  am looking forward to us going to the regular 15 minutes now that  people are gathering on the floor.   We want to be a family-friendly Congress. Families are reordering  their businesses so that their children and other children can be  accounted and taken care of as we return back to normal. These  considerations are not just for us, but they are for what is happening  back in communities and whether or not these communities are being  stood up in such a way that childcare can be available and other things  that will keep families intact.   But I assure you that we are concerned about getting back to regular  order, and I look for that to occur hopefully soon after the July 4  holiday.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As you mention, we were on it this week with the presence of Chairman  Powell at our select subcommittee hearing. Chairman Powell made two  things very clear to us.   Number one, he says it would be a big mistake to put the brakes on  too soon; that we must allow families to get back on their feet,  communities to get restored. And he advised against us doing anything  too soon.   He also made it very clear that if he and the Fed were to make some  determination that inflation is becoming a problem, the Fed could deal  with it.   You may recall that he indicated that a lot of the price increases  have come about as a result of bottlenecks that have existed in the  system as people are gearing back up, and he thinks that is going to be  temporary. He also feels that if it looks like this is going to go  beyond being temporary, that he has the tools to make the kind of  adjustments that are at least necessary to keep the economy flowing and  to keep inflation in check.    I think that on my side of the aisle, we are very comfortable  following the advice of Chairman Powell, and I would hope that this is  an issue that will not get politicized. We need to get this country  back on track. We need to get families back in touch with each other.  We need to keep this country moving in a positive way. So I think we  are going to wait and take advice from Chairman Powell on whether we  should do anything legislatively to deal with that issue.    I assure you that, in my instance, my Governor is a  Republican. In fact, he was the first Governor to endorse the previous  President. But we are very close friends, and we have been in  consultation over what to do as we go forward.   I am working very closely with him and working very closely with  other Governors, as well. I think that each State is unique when it  comes to how to stand back up as we go forward.   I am proud that Louisiana is moving in the right direction. I applaud  John Bel Edwards for working closely with you. I assure you that I am  working just as close with the Governor of South Carolina and other  Governors to make sure we do what is necessary to apply our efforts in  such a way that it won't cause problems for States as they stand back  up.    I thank the gentleman for his friendship and kind  remarks today. But I am looking forward to the majority leader coming  back and taking his rightful place at this mike. The gentleman and I  can continue our relationship with the Select Subcommittee on the  Coronavirus Crisis and in other areas around the Capitol.   