 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the National Defense  Authorization Act. I begin by congratulating and thanking Chairman  Smith and Ranking Member Rogers, as well as my counterparts on the CITI  Subcommittee, Ranking Member Banks and former Ranking Member Stefanik  for their bipartisan collaboration in helping to craft a national  defense bill for the 61st consecutive year.   Thanks to the work of my subcommittee, this legislation includes a  significant increase in early-stage research. Our research enterprise  has always ensured our technology superiority. It is how we won the  space race. Today, as the battlefield expands into cyberspace and outer  space, we find ourselves facing a more aggressive Russia and China. I  am proud that Congress has unlocked funds for hypersonics defense,  directed energy, quantum computing, machine learning, and biotechnology  so that we never send our war fighters into a fair fight.   Madam Speaker, I am most proud that this bill includes many  recommendations from the National Security Commission on Artificial  Intelligence, including funds to accelerate the deployment of new  technology to the war fighter. I am also proud that in our first year  as a subcommittee, the Subcommittee on Cyber, Innovative Technologies,  and Information Systems, we have made significant investments in our  cybersecurity forces, set a course for improved cybersecurity  governance within the Department, and continue to strengthen the  Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure  Security Agency.    The NDAA also fully funds key national security platforms, the  Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarine programs. I thank the Rhode  Islanders who build our Nation's submarines and make our country safer.  Finally, this bill funds installation resilience projects to address  the ongoing threat from climate change.   These achievements would not have been possible without the work of  my subcommittee staff and personal staff.   I thank Michael Hermann, Josh Stiefel, Troy Nienberg, Payson Ruhl,  Caroline Goodson, and Juliann Hitt, and former staffers Bess Dopkeen  and Caroline Kehrli.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan  commitment to national security.   