 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to express my deep concern with  President Biden's disregard for American freedom. President Biden's  strong-arm push to force Americans to choose between their health and  decisions affecting their health, on the one hand, and providing for  their families, on the other hand, is wrong.   I simply do not believe the Federal Government has any business  mandating the COVID-19 vaccination for all Americans.   Now, let me be clear. I believe that vaccines, broadly speaking, have  provided immense benefits to society, nearly eradicating measles,  polio, smallpox, and more in the United States.   I have personally received the COVID-19 vaccination, as has my entire  family, and I view the rapid development of effective COVID-19 vaccines  as a miracle; one that safeguards the vulnerable from severe illness  and from hospitalization.   I believe that the FDA's expedited approval process is effective at  efficiently reviewing and producing generally safe drugs and devices  for Americans' use.   Additionally, I believe the emergency use authorization can make  drugs available to Americans more quickly, which, in some cases, can  mean the difference between life and death.   So even with the speed by which COVID-19 vaccines were developed and  made available, I very much believe that they are generally safe.  However, receiving the vaccine is a decision that Americans should make  with all the facts in front of them, in consultation with their  doctors, and with full consideration of their own current health  circumstances.   However, President Biden made his intentions clear when announcing  his Federal mandate saying: ``This is not about freedom or personal  choice.''   Look, we have got to remember that anytime someone, someone who is  serving as the President of the United States, while issuing a sweeping  Federal mandate, insists that this is not about freedom or personal  choice, it is. It necessarily is. It unavoidably is.   The fact that he made this statement is troubling. The statement  highlights the fact that the President does not understand the key  relationship between citizens and government under our Constitution.   Every mandate, regulation, tax, or any other government imposition  comes necessarily at the cost of freedom and personal choice of  Americans. It is a tradeoff we make with government. Use of  overwhelming government power, without even considering the  implications on freedom, is precisely why our Founders thought the  Declaration of Independence, a revolution, and our Constitution were  necessary.   I have heard from many Utahans who are at risk of being unemployed if  they choose not to get the vaccine. In fact, within the last week  alone, my office has heard from no fewer than 144 Utahns in distress  for this very reason.   Allow me to share just a few of their stories:   A young woman in Utah has two autoimmune diseases. She was told by  her doctor that she should not get vaccinated because of her existing  health conditions. Yet her employer has informed her that, contrary to  her doctor's recommendations, she must get the vaccine or be fired. Get  the vaccine or be fired, those are the only two options she is left  with.   A soon-to-be-mother, who has been advised not to get the vaccine  because of her pregnancy, has been told by her employer that she must  choose between receiving the vaccine and receiving a paycheck. Without  her job, she will not have the means to care for her child.   A disabled veteran, who now spends his time working for the VA  because he loves helping his fellow veterans, has been informed that he  must be fully vaccinated within the next 75 days or lose his  employment. This ultimatum imposed by President Biden is making him  choose between receiving an unwanted medical procedure, on the one  hand, while, on the other hand, being unable to provide for his  pregnant wife and their child.   After businesses have weathered the economic impacts of COVID-19 and  the corresponding shutdowns that have led to so many closures and  bankruptcies, President Biden now wants to force employers to act as a  sort of medical police force. They must impose a vaccine mandate on  their workforce or be forced to pay a heavy fine.   This mandate is constitutionally dubious--and that is putting it  mildly--and it is not reasonable and it neglects the interests of  business owners, families, and individuals alike.   Look, threatening the employment of millions of Americans and making  employers become enforcers is not how our country will return to  normal. It is not even how you will make more people decide to get the  vaccine. These steps will only erode meaningful relationships that  Americans have with one another.   The utility of such a sweeping mandate is also in question. In fact,  a recent study from three hospitals in Israel shows that natural  immunity was ``27 times more effective than vaccinated immunity in  preventing symptomatic infections.''   This mandate completely ignores existing evidence-based data lending  credibility to the reality that millions of Americans may not need to  be vaccinated because they have acquired natural immunity from previous  COVID-19 illness. Further, the mandate dismisses the reality that there  are outstanding questions regarding the COVID-19 vaccine's safe  administration to those who are immunocompromised or have certain other  health-related concerns or how to accommodate any who may have  objections rooted in religious or other sincerely held beliefs.   The decision to engage in a medical procedure, you see, is personal.  It is  [[Page S6727]]  deeply personal, and even the idea that it can be forced upon citizens  by the Federal Government is offensive. If particular American citizens  do not feel that the receipt of the COVID-19 vaccine is the right  decision for them or their children, then they are entitled to that  belief.   A mandate by the Biden administration to be vaccinated against COVID- 19 under threat of unemployment will not quell Americans' concerns;  instead, it will likely further erode the little trust that may  currently exist.   Now, I don't believe that the Federal Government has been as  transparent as it must. In its effort to get as many people vaccinated  as possible, it has neglected the responsibility to inform Americans of  any adverse effects that some may have experienced. These unfortunate  instances of harm following the administration of COVID-19 vaccines  must be acknowledged even if they are rare.   The fact that instances of adverse reactions to the COVID-19 vaccines  are not being shared with the public or even, in many cases, the  medical community, causes me grave, grave concern. It has left those  who have been adversely harmed with almost nowhere to turn. It has  caused distrust in the unvaccinated that the government may have  something to hide.   When openly and transparently informed, I believe that each and every  American is able to handle the responsibility of weighing the risks of  getting vaccinated or not getting vaccinated. I honestly believe that  most Americans, after speaking to their doctors, will make the decision  that is best for themselves, for their families, and for our country.   Finally, while I have not seen the final regulation for President  Biden's COVID-19 vaccine mandate, nor do I know definitively even what  statute he is claiming provides him with this sweeping authority, I  highly doubt that this unilateral action is constitutional. But,  frankly, I don't think the President cares. President Biden knows the  effects his announcement and even a temporary regulation will have,  even if it is later ruled unconstitutional. Even if the mandate is  never fully or ever implemented, it still could get him what he wants.   Businesses across the Nation are yielding before the awesome might of  the Federal Government in complying with this Executive mandate before  it has even legally been drafted, let alone enforced.   According to the vague outline that President Biden's speech  provided, a business would risk going under if even a small percentage  of its workforce were unvaccinated at the time enforcement begins. This  is a scare tactic--a scare tactic of the absolute worst sort--and it is  working. People are scared, and I am here to defend them.   Today, in this bill, the Senate has the opportunity to protect those  in the minority, those Americans who sincerely believe, due to  religious conviction or otherwise, that they should not receive the  COVID-19 vaccine.   This bill would not prevent businesses from imposing their own  mandates or establishing rules for their own workplaces. All this bill  would do is to ensure that the Federal vaccine mandate provides an  exemption for Americans whose sincere beliefs prevent them from  receiving the vaccine.   Furthermore, nothing in Federal law provides President Biden the  authority to institute the vaccine mandate on private-sector employers  or on the public at large, and today Congress has the opportunity to  rectify this situation for the American people.   Now, I want to be clear. This is not the end of my discussion here. I  have 12 of these bills. I will be back tomorrow and the next day, for  as long as it takes to win the fight against this sweeping mandate.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 2850 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration; I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I want to be very clear about something.  There are no exemptions built into the mandate because the mandate  doesn't yet exist.   As far as I can tell, this may be a feature and not a bug, you see,  because he gave a speech--he gave a speech--talking about the fact that  he was going to issue the mandate. He didn't release any legally  operative documents, didn't even disclose his precise source of  authority to do this--authority which I highly doubt even exists. So  there is no document to challenge. No one can sue to challenge the  document because the document doesn't exist.   But businesses everywhere fear and, indeed, know that it is coming,  and so their general counsel's offices, their human resources  departments for employers with more than 99 employees in this country  are scrambling to get ahead of it. Many are even adopting and some, I  am told, are moving forward with enforcing or preparing to enforce  those same policies. So what will happen is that those employees who  have these sincerely held objections will be without recourse.   Now, my friend and colleague from Washington makes the point that  these exemptions are already there. That is a legal and factual  impossibility because the mandate does not yet exist. The document  isn't in there, which begs the question: If it already exists, then  what would be her objection or anyone's objection to merely adopting a  measure that says any such mandate, if and when it is issued, must  contain such an exemption--an objection that my friend and colleague  from Washington assures us already exists. It is difficult for me to  understand how this would be objectionable.   Without these protections, you see, President Biden is telling many  religious minorities in the country that they need not apply for a job,  and if they have got a job already, that that job is in jeopardy.   Freedom to make one's own medical decisions is fundamental to our  system of liberty. The economic impact of the mandate is going to  hamper our economic recovery as workers are forced to make hard  decisions.   Here we are talking specifically about objections rooted in religious  or other sincerely held personal beliefs. If, in fact, that exemption  already exists, that protection is already there, which it isn't  because it can't be because the document itself doesn't exist, then why  not embrace it? Why not accept it? Why not acknowledge it in law?   I struggle to imagine what harm could come from protecting religious  minorities in this country, and I find it very discouraging and very  distressing that this body, the U.S. Senate, wouldn't want to do  everything we possibly could to make that happen.   Another word about the fact that it doesn't yet exist; the mandate  isn't there. Because it is not there, employers with more than 99  employees around the country are being forced to  [[Page S6728]]  guess as to what it might mean, and a whole lot of them are already  preparing their own policies--in some cases, already adopting them and  enforcing them based on their own anticipation of what the mandate may  be. What it means as a practical matter is, you can't sue anyone. You  can't sue any administrator in the Biden administration or elsewhere in  the Federal Government who is going to be enforcing this because you  don't know what they are going to be enforcing. There isn't a dispute  ripe for adjudication in any court anywhere because we don't know what  that is.   For many people, this entire exercise could be rendered moot in the  meantime, not just moot in the sense that the court would lack article  III jurisdiction to entertain the dispute in question, but moot in the  sense that they might lose their job, moot in the sense that they are  going to have to face this awful Hobson's choice between maintaining  their ability to provide for their family, on the one hand, and, on the  other hand, receiving a medical procedure that they would deem harmful  and objectionable based on their religious or other sincerely held  beliefs. This is not America; this is not acceptable; and this is not  and cannot possibly be constitutional.   We should be able to do this.   I am going to be back tomorrow, the next day, and as long as it takes  to keep addressing this issue. Freedom matters, and the Constitution  matters. President Biden has ignored them both. Thank you.   