 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I made  communication with the EPA as to how to resolve a concern that I have.  It should be an easy thing to resolve. I am waiting to hear back a  response from them. In the meantime, I object.    Sure.    It relates to a matter at the EPA.    If confirmed as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, Maria  Pagan would be responsible for negotiating details of any waiver of the  Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights agreement, also  known as the TRIPS Agreement.   I have concerns with Ms. Pagan's nomination. Therefore, I intend to  object to that until the Biden administration has given me some basic  commitments regarding the administration's position on waiving the  TRIPS Agreement, particularly related to some of the proposals being  pushed by various countries.   As a quick recap, the TRIPS Agreement represents a vital element of  international trade law protecting the intellectual property rights of  U.S. businesses, individuals, and entrepreneurs. Waiving the protection  of these rights for COVID-19 drugs, vaccines, and treatments under the  notion of some sense of international altruism will not advance a  universal solution to the COVID-19 pandemic.   Instead, any proposal to waive IP protections would create a  disincentive for continued research, development, and distribution of  the COVID-19 treatments or drugs. That could mean fewer healthcare  options and advancements as the virus continues to mutate into new  variants with degrees of resistance to existing remedies.   As always, anytime you weaken one property right, it spills over into  other areas. We wouldn't expect this to become contained to the COVID- 19 universe.   Additionally, U.S. companies would be less likely to introduce their  product to WTO-member countries not enforcing IP protections. That  could mean fewer options and less access for our neighbors, not more.   Intellectual property rights provide the grounds for businesses to  take risks in turning novel ideas into concrete goods and services. A  business  [[Page S9190]]  that knows its property is secure and will not be surreptitiously  confiscated by government action can fully engage in developing the  innovation that drives markets.   Today, in stating my objections, this is all I am asking for. I have  no concerns with this individual in particular; rather, with the  authority that she might wield and the assurances I am wanting to  receive from the administration on that authority, some assurance that  this administration will not unilaterally wipe out intellectual  property protections that have resulted in the vast majority of COVID- 19 remedies the U.S. currently enjoys and have also served millions of  others globally. These are the things that are on the table. All I want  is some assurance from the administration.    I object.    To reiterate here, all I want is some assurance. I  appreciate my friend and colleague from Oregon understanding my basic  concern here. It is not an unreasonable concern. All I want is some  assurance from the administration that it is not going to wipe out  intellectual property protections. That wouldn't be right. They know it  is not right. They give me those assurances, we can move on.   