 Mr. President, I have had the privilege to represent  the great State of Oklahoma and the people of Oklahoma, to be able to  sit in multiple Presidential addresses in the House of Representatives  Chamber.   At that joint address that happened last night, I didn't have the  privilege to actually get a chance to sit in on. As, clearly, anyone  who watched the speech saw that there were 200 people in a room  designed for 1,600 people, with the spacing and all of the things that  were happening there. In some ways it seemed normal, and some ways it  seemed ridiculous with the room of 200 vaccinated people all spaced  out. But that is a different story for a different moment.   For that speech last night, as I listened, I thought about the other  speeches that I have listened to as well. Many of these speeches are  similar. The President comes and casts a vision. Says these are things  that they want to be able to do, talk through different programs, talk  through different tax issues, talk through where we are as a country,  cast a vision. I get all of those things.   Last night, and every night, when one of those speeches occurs, there  is usually something unique or different about the speech. It is a  little different direction for where they want to go. Not all those  programs will get implemented. I had people already contacting my  office, panicked in some ways, saying: Are all those things going to be  done? And I can smile at them and say: No, all those things won't be  done, because it never is. It is a vision that is cast by the President  that they have to convince the American people and Congress to be able  to engage with as well.   But last night was epic in the sense of spending. I was even  surprised at the amount that we are talking about at this point, and it  seems to be just so flippant and normal at this point.   When you do the math of what just happened with the American Rescue  Plan, that was just under $2 trillion of spending. Last night, one of  the proposals was also about $2 trillion, and another one was about  $2.5 trillion. So take those together--just over $6 trillion in  proposed and spent government debt just in those three recommended.   What people aren't adding to this is that starting in June, in July,  it is appropriations time. Our best understanding--we haven't received  the budget from the White House yet--is that proposal will be about  $4.5 trillion. So adding together what happened in the first 100 days  and what is about to happen in the next 100 days that we already see  coming, is a proposal to spend, this year, $11 trillion--$11 trillion.  That far exceeds what was even spent during the pandemic time period,  when we all determined that this is a rainy day that we definitely need  to be able to help stabilize our economy--$11 trillion.   The size of government, the number of times that I heard, ``If there  is a problem, government here in Washington, DC, can solve it''--it was  epic.   Now, initially, at the beginning of the speech, there was a lot of  talk about COVID, as well there should be. Our Nation is coming through  this. But I was surprised how little conversation there was about the  vaccines and the process, Operation Warp Speed, and the partnership  between government and private industry that was done last year to be  able to bring all these vaccines to place.  [[Page S2342]]    You see, all the vaccines were developed and ordered last year. All  the needles and the alcohol wipes and the materials--the PPP that would  be needed--were all ordered last year. This year was just a matter of  getting shots in arms, which I am incredibly grateful we have had so  many Americans that have stepped up and driven up, come and put their  arm out there and said I want to be part of this solution for getting  rid of COVID in our country.   Everyone knew that as we got shots in arms, we would see the numbers  come down--at least we hoped. And we did. The numbers are coming down,  and the economy is coming back up. That is the other thing that  everyone predicted, as well--that as soon as some of the shutdowns  happened, we would begin to see the economy begin to rise again, and,  thankfully, we are.   It was interesting to be able to hear the President last night take  credit for all that, which I assume every President sitting in that  spot would. But I am grateful to President Trump and the leadership  that happened in HHS and the work of career folks and the folks who are  in science and private industry and pharmaceuticals and what they have  done over the last year because it is remarkable what we actually have  walked through and what we have seen.   What was not mentioned last night when talking about the economy is  unemployment insurance. It is something I brought to this body before.  When I traveled around my State the week before Easter and the week  after Easter when we were not voting those 2 weeks--as I traveled  around, every employer I talked to said the same thing: We are hiring,  but we don't have people applying, or people who are applying are  coming in and just applying and filling out a form, and when they offer  them the job, they are saying: I don't want the job. I just need to be  able to bring the completed form back to the unemployment office so I  can continue to get my check.   I talked to employees who were frustrated because the person who used  to work next to them is not showing up for work anymore because they  are home getting unemployment benefits because the unemployment  benefits in my State right now far exceed what the normal wage is.  People aren't showing up. That is a problem in our economy.   My fear is that is a problem that is going to continue all the way  until September because the unemployment benefits that were extended  were extended all the way through the first week of September. Even  though we pushed back and said this is a bad idea, the Democratic  colleagues and the President said: No, let's keep moving forward.   There are lots of parts of the Green New Deal that were presented  last night, but they didn't use the term ``Green New Deal.'' It was  bits and pieces of elements of the Green New Deal separated in  different sets of the ideas. The term ``Green New Deal'' has become  very, very unpopular with folks as they find out what it is. Taking  pieces of the Green New Deal, separating them in different spots, and  trying to pass them doesn't change anything either.   I was surprised how little the President really talked about what is  going on in the crisis at the border. He did mention it, and I was  pleased to see that. Many people in my State really see that as a very  serious issue that needs to be resolved. Our open borders right now and  the literally hundreds of thousands of people who have crossed our  border illegally just this calendar year, just in the last 100 days, is  record levels.   I talked to the Border Patrol folks, and they talked about how in  March alone, they had 172,000 encounters. It is a record number. But  now in April, they are hitting or exceeding that record, just in April,  again because the numbers continue to skyrocket to numbers we have not  seen. The number of unaccompanied minors is at a 20-year high. We have  not seen these numbers in decades.   It is a significant issue for us as a country. It is one that started  on January 20 with the change in policy and issues.   We have more than 5,000 individuals who have been picked up by Border  Patrol just this year who have a criminal record in the United States.   We have 15,000 individuals whom Border Patrol has just released into  the country with no notice to appear at all, just a statement as they  come through. The line was so long that Border Patrol leadership was  telling them, from Washington, DC, that if the line gets too long, just  release people into the country and tell them to check in with  immigration folks in whatever part of the country they go to. Just  check in. Literally, if they are coming across the border and the line  is too long, just let them go and tell them to check themselves in when  they get to wherever they are going in the country--15,000 people like  that just this year   We have 150,000 people whom Border Patrol has reported that they saw  crossing the border, but they literally didn't have the manpower to  even get to them, what they call ``got aways''--150,000 this year who  won't show up in anyone's numbers of people entering the country  illegally.   These numbers are truly epic numbers.   Last night, the President's proposal was to allow us to do more in  Central America and eventually this will get better. I would tell you  from being down at the border three times just this year and  interacting with folks, I would encourage anyone from the  administration to go to the border and actually see what is going on  and actually talk to law enforcement there. From being down in that  area, their concern is that this is a very long-term issue because the  administration doesn't seem to see it as a crisis or something that has  to be fixed immediately; it can be fixed eventually, with hundreds of  thousands of people coming across the border now every month.   In the last official report from Customs and Border Protection and  Border Patrol, there were over 100 different countries represented by  the individuals crossing the border just this year--over 100 countries.  It is not just folks from Central America. Literally, people from all  over the world are paying the cartels the money it takes to get through  Mexico and traveling into our country and checking in or skipping  across the border, and they disappear into our economy. I see that as  an issue. I wish the administration would see that as an issue.   A conversation that came up last night was about voting. It is an  important conversation for us. We are a representative republic. Voting  is extremely important to us as a nation; that every vote counts and  that every vote has the integrity that it needs. But with S. 1 and on  the House side, what they call H.R. 1, I am stunned at the contents of  that bill.   When President Biden said: Just pass that bill and put it on my desk,  I thought, there is absolutely no way I would pass a bill like that;  nor would the people at home even want me to pass a bill like that.   That is a bill that is intentionally designed to make voting easy and  cheating easy. We want to make voting easy and cheating hard. That is  the way we have done elections for a very long time. Why would we want  to shift from that? I am all for making voting as easy as we can. My  State has early voting. It has mail-in voting and all the  characteristics you want to have to protect the integrity of the vote  so when it is over, everyone can look at it and say: My person won or  lost, but I trust the integrity of the vote. It has all those elements.   We worked very hard to make sure every community in every area has  access to voting and doesn't have long lines and make sure we get to  mail out ballots and all those things to be able to not only give the  opportunity for people to vote but to protect the integrity of the  vote.   S. 1 and H.R. 1 does things like same-day registration but also  removes voter ID. You partner those two together, and that is a recipe  for double-voting and fraud. You can't have those two together.   It mandates a third-party collection of ballots that could be done in  any State. Individual political groups could literally go door-to-door  and say: Have you voted yet? If you haven't, come out on the porch  right now. I will stand with you, and we can vote together, and then I  will turn your ballot in for you.   That violates everything we have done in voting about secret ballots  and about the integrity of the ballot, and  [[Page S2343]]  only the folks in the post office would handle it or the folks in the  polling place would handle it. Now, this is a third party whom no one  has any connection to nor accountability to who can randomly grab  ballots and collect them. How do we not think there won't be fraud in  that system?   It also takes away all voter IDs in every State, including my State,  where there is not even a complaint about voter IDs on either side of  the aisle because it is an incredibly fair system. It doesn't require a  driver's license. It can require any piece of paper or any way to be  able to show you are who you are. We have a straightforward system to  be able to protect not only the integrity of the ballot but to make  sure every person is not only allowed to vote but is encouraged to  vote. Why would we take that away from places where it is already  working and there hasn't been a complaint just because someone in  Washington, DC, says we shouldn't do it?   Centralized control of voting in Washington, DC, seemed to be part of  the theme of the night last night, where it was, everything would work  better if it only came to DC. I tell you, I have met a lot of smart  people in DC, but I can also tell you that I know a lot of smart people  in Oklahoma who love their neighbors, who want to see the right thing  done, who care about people in their community and in their State. And  this sudden belief that if we are going to get things done right, we  have to bring it to Washington, DC, and allow the folks in Washington,  DC, to be able to run it, I will tell you, the folks in my State would  shake their heads and say: We are doing OK. Let us take care of our  neighbors at home, and don't make us sign a paper every time we want to  do something and send it off to somebody we never met in Washington,  DC.    This growing in size of our Federal Government is not a goal for me.  Being efficient, protecting the rights of every American, protecting  our national security--those are goals. They don't require federalizing  everything.   I can tell you a couple of areas where last night really had some  shining moments for me, though. President Biden, twice in his speech,  literally reached out to Republicans and said: I understand Republicans  have another idea on this. Let's sit down and talk.   That was a good moment. Quite frankly, for the last--let's say of a  100-day Presidency so far, for 90 days of that, we have gotten the  Heisman from the President and his team, saying: We have got this; we  don't need you. Then in the last really 10 days or so, the White House  has started reaching out some. And to be able to hear President Biden  last night say: We understand Republicans have a different idea; let's  sit down and visit--that almost sounds like governing. That would be a  great shift for us, to be able to sit down and talk these things  through.   Republicans aren't opposed to infrastructure. How absurd to be able  to make infrastructure a partisan issue. We have always done  infrastructure together. It is not like any of us are opposed to  highways and to waterways and to clean drinking water and to broadband.  There are key aspects that are core to infrastructure. Let's continue  to be able to do those. Let's do them efficiently and wisely. That is  all that we would ask.   I am pleased the President actually reached out and said: Let's start  sitting down to be able to talk these things through, because that will  allow us to be able to work together toward a better solution.   The second big moment for me last night was listening to my friend  and colleague Tim Scott speak about his family, speak about a vision  for the country, to be able to challenge the country and to be able to  challenge this body to be able to do what he called commonsense finding  common ground. It is a great idea.   We have different perspectives across the aisle in this building.  That doesn't mean we can't sit down as Americans and be able to work  them out. As Tim Scott reminded us, part of the story of America is a  story of redemption. We can do that together.   Tim also challenged this Nation to stop politicizing race, to stop  saying over and over again that because we disagree, it is because we  are racist. Tim spoke to the Nation and said there are real issues of  race out there, and you cheapen it when you politicalize every issue  and say it is because you are racist.   Let's actually sit down and disagree on issues as Americans, and  let's resolve those things together. We have common ground, and we have  areas of real disagreement. I had lots of areas where I disagree with  President Biden, but I am willing to sit down and lay out a set of  ideas that I think are a much better option. Let's talk it out. That is  what we do. But let's resolve these issues in the days ahead.   And no, you are right, I am not going to give on the Second  Amendment. I am not going to give on issues of life and the value of  every child. I am not going to give on--I think the debt and deficit is  a very important issue. I am not going to give on encouraging the value  of work for every single person and every single family. There are  areas I am not going to give on, but we should at least sit down and  treat each other with dignity and respect, and let's talk it out.   I yield the floor.   