 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  1688, the Native American Child Protection Act.   I first want to thank my friend and the dean of the House,  Congressman   Don Young, for working with me on this bill to ensure  Native American and Alaska Native Tribes have the resources they need  to keep Native children safe from abuse and neglect.   Last week, I joined my colleagues in recognizing the National Day of  Awareness for Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls.   When I was chairman of the Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the  United States last Congress, I held the first-ever House committee  hearing on MMIW, which paved the way for critical bills like the Not  Invisible Act and Savanna's Act.   At that hearing, we learned that, in addition to experiencing  incredibly high murder rates, one in three Native women experience  domestic violence in their lives. That statistic is even more  horrifying when we recognize that, in 49 to 70 percent of cases, men  who abuse their partners also abuse their children.   Despite this fact, Tribes have never received the resources they need  to address child abuse and neglect in their communities. My bill  changes that.   My bill will improve the prevention, treatment, investigation, and  prosecution of child abuse and neglect in Indian Country by ensuring  Tribes have the resources they need to take care of Native children in  culturally competent ways. It does so by modernizing and reauthorizing  three programs originally passed as part of the Indian Child Protection  and Family Violence Prevention Act.   The Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act became  law in 1990, after being authored by the late Arizona Senator John  McCain in response to widespread reports that Native children were  being physically and sexually abused in BIA-run boarding schools in the  1980s.   The original purpose of the law was to identify the scope of the  underreported child abuse in Indian Country, fill gaps in Tribal child  welfare services, improve coordination between child welfare and  domestic violence programs, and provide funds for treatment in Indian  Country.   But the horrible truth is that the grant programs created by this law  in 1990 were never funded, never enacted, and were allowed to expire in  1997. My bill revives the three grant programs from the original act  that are still sorely needed in Indian Country because the problems  identified by Congress in 1990 still exist today.   Specifically, my bill does: one, provides Tribes with more funding  for culturally competent child abuse treatment; two, allows Tribes to  choose to partner with urban Indian organizations or Tribal consortiums  to identify and treat victims of abuse; three, creates a national child  resource and family services center to provide technical assistance and  support to Tribes in maintaining child welfare programs; four,  authorizes enough funds for every Tribe to hire at least one child  welfare case manager to help investigate and prosecute instances of  abuse; and, five, authorizes the only Tribal-specific grant program  aimed at preventing child abuse in Indian Country.    A core part of the Federal Government's trust responsibility is  protecting the most vulnerable members of indigenous communities,  Native children. Right now, we are failing in that responsibility.   Passing this bill today allows us to take an important step forward  in protecting Native children and upholding our trust responsibility to  Tribes.   I am proud of the strong bipartisan support this legislation received  in the Natural Resources Committee last year when it passed and when it  passed by a voice vote in the House. I urge all of my colleagues in the  House to join me once again in supporting this important piece of  legislation.   