 Mr. President, I join my colleagues in the discussion  over the relief package we are going to be voting on later this week.   We need to go back to last year and recognize what happened in this  Chamber on five different occasions. I have been in the Senate now for  6 years, and very seldom do we see both parties come together and  recognize we have a problem and we have to relieve the American people.   We had a historic pandemic, first of its kind, in 100 years. COVID  hit our shores. What did we do? We spent days and weeks, but over the  course of those days and weeks, we came together with five bipartisan  packages that really address the root problems and the challenges  created by COVID.   We passed the Paycheck Protection Program, something that I think was  extraordinary. The banking community got together even before we had  the rules on how the loan should be underwritten and how they would be  forgiven, and they decided to mobilize and provide desperately needed  capital and liquidity to businesses, and they saved many, many  businesses in North Carolina.   We passed Operation Warp Speed, a program that for the first time in  this Nation's history, or any nation's history, we went from a known  virus to two multiple vaccines with high degrees of efficacy that are  now being put into the arms of Americans at a rate of almost 2 million  a day. We did that because we focused on a problem and we fixed it and  we continue to evolve it--five different bipartisan bills.   Now the sixth one is before us. It is called a COVID relief package,  but we all know that much of what is in this bill has nothing to do  with the COVID impacts and nothing to do with the immediate spending in  this coming year.   Now, I understand elections have consequences. It has been said by  President Obama and others, and we have a change of leadership here in  the Senate and change of leadership in the White House. But I really  hate that we are going to leave a mark. Probably, and hopefully, the  last COVID--the last bill that would have some COVID relief in it is  going to go down as one of the most probably partisan fights that we  are going to have this year on this floor later this week.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle decided to go it alone.  That is exactly what you are going to see in full display come Thursday  this week when we go into what we call vote-arama.   I feel like we have to be intellectually honest with the American  people. We know that we have to provide more relief. We know that  people are struggling, businesses are struggling, individuals are  struggling, and I get all that, and that is why I wish so much that we  were going to have another bill  [[Page S981]]  laid down on the floor that was going to get strong bipartisan support.  But to call this bill that is coming before us this week a COVID relief  package, I think, is being dishonest with the American people.   This chart probably best illustrates what the American people need to  understand. That is how much is in this bill that is legitimately  focused on the crisis that we are trying to continue to manage through  very targeted, focused dollars--American taxpayer dollars--that in this  case, as some of my colleagues have said, they are not even dollars we  have collected yet. We are going to collect them from my two  granddaughters and future generations: a $1.9 trillion package with  about 9 percent going to something that you could reasonably argue has  a nexus with the impact of COVID, whether it is on individuals, whether  it is people out of work, or whether it is businesses that are trying  to make payroll. That is a fact, 9 percent.   Now, I feel like at some point we need to get back to what we did on  five different occasions before. We knew businesses were failing. They  needed relief. We gave them the Paycheck Protection Program. We knew  that people were out of work because of business closures. Maybe you  had to take off work because you didn't have daycare because your  school was closed. All of those are legitimate reasons to provide  additional relief. That is what we should be voting on this week, and  in small part we are, but in large part we are not.   I think it was someone in the Obama administration who was famously  quoted for saying: ``Never waste a crisis.'' And it looks like, to me,  that this crisis is being used to advance policy discussions that we  should have a debate on the floor, but we are not going to have that.  We are going to have a vote with a simple majority, not rising to the  gold standard in this institution for 60 votes, and we are going to  pass things that have virtually nothing and, in most cases, absolutely  nothing to do with COVID.   How on Earth can you provide education funding and say that you are  doing it for COVID impacts, and much of that money--the majority of the  money--is not even going to be spent until beginning in 2022 and then  playing out in 2028? How can you say that has anything to do with the  immediate crisis of getting these kids back in school, making sure that  teachers are safe, and making sure that we can recover from what I  think will be irreparable damage for a number of students who have  never been allowed to go back into school?   When we talk about the economic stimulus payments, there are a lot of  people who need help. There are a lot of people who need a check. But  the proposal that I have seen, the proposal we are going to vote on  this week, is giving money to people who would like it.   I can understand why it is very popular. Who wouldn't, in this  Chamber, want to think that they are going to get a $3,000 or $4,000  check in the mail--whether you were out of work at all, whether your  combined household income is $150,000, and you are still working. You  weren't impacted by it. I understand why it is popular. But is it  really fair?   You know, there is a trailer park in Antioch, TN, on Richards Road. I  grew up in it, and I ride there when I go visit my family. I go back  and visit with people who live in that trailer park. My guess is almost  every single one of them need help, and my guess is many of them who  work in the service industry have been out of work for the better part  of the last year. We should tell them: You are going to get some help,  but that neighborhood that is about a mile down the road from that  trailer park I grew up in, where you have got combined household  incomes of $150,000, both the husband and wife are working, both of the  kids have daycare options, they are going to get it too. Is it really  fair for the people who are struggling the most? Is it really fair to  say that we are providing education relief, and it is not going to be  spent until I would have to run for reelection again in 2028?   I think we need to be honest with the American people. If we want to  have a debate about all of the red, all of the money that is going to  be committed this week that has nothing to do with COVID relief, let's  be honest with the American people. What we are doing this week, I  think, is dishonest   What we are doing this week is bailing out States like my State of  North Carolina, a $4 billion surplus this year; bailing out the States  of North Carolina, New York, Illinois, California, instead of trying to  use that money, which we don't have--but if we need to spend it, let's  spend it on those folks who grew up like I did. Let's spend it on the  businesses that may shutter their doors. Let's do that. Let's let that  be the sixth bipartisan COVID-relief package that we put together, not  what we are going to be forced to vote on this week.   I hope the American people know we recognize--we Republicans  recognize people are hurting, and we want to give them help. We have  proven that because we voted in five different instances, on a  bipartisan basis, to do that. What the leadership of this Chamber is  doing this week is taking us down a course to where we will probably  never have a chance to come back together and have that kind of  bipartisan result for this crisis or future ones.   So I am going to work hard on amendments to potentially tailor and  remove some of the red. In the meantime, I think anybody who supports  the bill that is coming over from the House should seriously consider  whether they are being honest with the American people and their  constituents.   I yield the floor.   