 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the  objection.    Madam Speaker, I rise this evening with  a heavy heart. The violence that occurred today at the U.S. Capitol was  senseless, destructive, and counter to our American values.   This past Sunday, each Member of this body took an oath to uphold the  United States Constitution. And while the path of least resistance,  particularly following today's events, would be to remain silent, my  oath to uphold the Constitution does not permit me to maintain silence.   While systemic voter fraud was not something proven, we witnessed a  systemic failure in the application of Pennsylvania's voting law when  it comes to the 2020 general election.   In late 2019, the Commonwealth revisited and modernized its election  law with the bipartisan Act 77. Granted, in late 2019, the  Commonwealth's legislature did not have the foresight to anticipate how  COVID-19 would present challenges to voting. Despite that, it is not up  to the Governor, the secretary of the Commonwealth, nor the State  supreme court to unilaterally create law.   The election abuses to Pennsylvania Act 77 taken by the Pennsylvania  executive branch and upheld by the Pennsylvania judicial branch were  clearly unconstitutional and had an obvious, if not major, impact on  the 2020 election, particularly when it comes to the citizens' faith in  the electoral process.   Irregularities in Pennsylvania included: Uneven application of the  law; ballot curing; ignoring signature validation requirements; using  unsecured drop boxes; accepting ballots beyond the deadlines; and  interfering with certified poll watcher access, among others.   These actions were taken by the Commonwealth's Governor and secretary  of state where the Pennsylvania Supreme Court circumvented the  authority of the State legislature. Furthermore, the chief law officer  of the Commonwealth sat idly while this process unfolded.   Now, I joined many of my colleagues in Pennsylvania requesting the  legislators in Harrisburg conduct an investigation and audit to ensure  such negligence will be prevented in future elections.   I have serious concerns about how these irregularities in the  application of the Commonwealth's election laws will play in future  elections. Only with equal application of law will the voters of the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania have certainty in their election  processes.   Now, I remain committed to ensuring the voters receive an electoral  system they deserve and where equal application of law is guaranteed.  If our election integrity is compromised, we have failed the very  voters who have sent us here to defend the Constitution.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Harris).   