 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, the  distinguished Member from Texas, for yielding.   Today's rule sets in motion a process for considering H. Con. Res.  11, a shell budget for fiscal year 2021. I understand that the  majority's stated intent in bringing forward this resolution is to pave  the way for using budget reconciliation to push through a partisan  COVID-19 relief package. Unfortunately, I think the majority's intent  is misguided.   I want to remind us all that the only reason we are here today is  that the majority failed to pass a budget last year. As of today, we  are nearly 9\1/2\ months overdue for the passage of the budget for  fiscal year 2021, and fiscal year 2021 is already a third of the way  over. Hardly an auspicious start for an item as serious as the annual  budget for the United States Government.   But the lack of expeditiousness that characterized the budget in the  116th Congress has been replaced by hastiness. The majority is now, in  the 117th Congress, rushing forward with a new budget despite never  bothering to convene the Budget Committee. Indeed, the Budget Committee  has yet to meet in this Congress, much less conduct normal hearings  that pave the way for the markup of the annual budget.   Rather than undertake the normal process through the Budget  Committee, the majority is instead air-dropping a budget straight from  leadership offices directly onto the floor. This is hardly the kind of  process considered to be regular order, and it fails to give Members a  chance to have their ideas considered in committee or to offer  amendments on the floor.   Indeed, as a longtime member of the Budget Committee myself, I looked  forward to our hearings on the budget and the markup. Through this  process, Members had the opportunity to consider the budget, consider  expert testimony, offer ideas, and propose amendments to be considered  by the whole committee. That the majority is failing to do so makes a  mockery out of the entire budgeting process.   Over the past year, Congress has shown it can work together to  produce bipartisan legislation. In the last Congress, we actually  passed five COVID-19 relief bills that appropriated nearly $4 trillion  in relief funds. Not all of these funds have yet been spent. Not even  close, Mr. Speaker. And the $4 trillion number is right around the  annual budgetary outlays of the Federal Government in a normal year,  covering both mandatory and discretionary spending.   Yet, the majority is moving forward with yet another bill and seems  determined to ensure that this bill enshrines as many partisan policy  priorities as possible.   To make matters worse, from looking at the actual budget before us,  we do not know what these partisan priorities are. We know the budget  includes instructions to committees to increase spending by certain  amounts, but it does not offer any guidance on how they should do so.   Will it encompass only COVID relief matters, or will they enact  progressive policy goals like Medicare for All or the Green New Deal?  We have no way of knowing.   We do know that Senator Bernie Sanders, the socialist leader of the  Senate Budget Committee, wants to use reconciliation to ram through a  $15 minimum wage, a measure that would be a disaster for workers and  businesses alike in my home State of Oklahoma. But what else may be  included in the bill is a mystery.   Mr. Speaker, this process hardly befits the bipartisanship that we  were promised by President Biden. It has been less than 2 weeks since  the new President was inaugurated, and already we are seeing the  majority abandoning any pretense at bipartisanship.   The House majority has failed to even propose a bipartisan COVID  relief bill or to engage Republicans in serious negotiations. Instead,  they have simply predetermined the outcome and are moving forward with  their own partisan bill without even pretending to try to work with  those of us on my side of the aisle.   This is hardly what we were promised, Mr. Speaker. It is hardly what  the institution was promised. And on a matter as important as the  annual budget of the United States, and during a pandemic as deadly and  serious as the one we are currently living through, I know the  institution can do better.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this course and work  together and pass real bipartisan legislation that will benefit all  Americans.   Today's rule also adds a change in the House rules, imposing serious  fines on Members who fail to go through the new magnetometers around  the Chamber. Mr. Speaker, as I told my colleagues on the Rules  Committee a short time ago, I don't disagree with the additional  security measures to keep Members and staff safe. However, I do have  concerns over how the new measures are being implemented.   Earlier this afternoon, I offered an amendment to this rule which  would have instructed the House Committee on Administration to review  the matter and make appropriate recommendations. I have no issue  whatsoever with Members being subjected to the same requirements as  staff and our constituents when they enter the Capitol, but I have  serious concerns that the majority's proposed solution is untenable.   Requiring Members to pass through a magnetometer each time they enter  [[Page H270]]  the House Chamber, even if they haven't left the area, is a sure recipe  for chaos. It is impossible for Members to socially distance when they  are stacked up in a line to await their turn at passing through the  metal detectors.   When Members need to leave the Chamber to make a phone call right  outside the doorway, they have to reenter and pass through security  again. And there are hardworking staff members who work just a few feet  away from the House Chamber but must pass through these same  magnetometers every time they need to run to their offices and then  back to the floor. This is a clear recipe for disorganization and  gridlock.   But this need not be the only option, Mr. Speaker. There are already  existing metal detectors and X-ray machines at entrances to the  building. Why can't Members be screened at those entrances instead? Why  must it be right on the way to the very cusp of the Chamber in a  location guaranteed to stack up Members outside the door waiting to get  in?    Mr. Speaker, we have better alternatives, and I urge that  we empower the Committee on House Administration to look at that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the rejection of the rule.   