 Madam President, in reserving the right to object, let me  explain what is going to happen here in a second.   We have all heard the stories, right? In China, in the Xinjiang  Province, Uighur Muslims are taken from their homes and their families.  They are forced to work in their factories as slaves. They are forced  to renounce their religion, to change their names. There is forced  sterilization, forced abortions. It has been characterized--rightfully  so--as genocide.   So I filed a bill with bipartisan support, and this bill says that  any product that is made in a factory in that part of China has the  presumption that it is made by slaves. It passed the Senate  unanimously, and it is sitting over in the House. So I am trying to get  it here as an amendment on this bill.   Here is what happens.   In the House, they have this thing where they come forward and say:  Under the Constitution, if it generates any revenue, it has to start in  the House. The problem I have with that is that they interpret it very  differently than how the Supreme Court has interpreted that clause in  the Constitution: very broadly--in fact, so broadly that they can  basically use it on virtually anything. They can just apply it to  anything they don't like. So this is really not about being revenue- generating. The CBO says it is insignificant, really. This is about the  fact that they don't want this bill to pass over in the House.   I understand why. Listen.   There are some big companies out there, some very big companies. We  know that, for a time, Apple and Nike and a lot of big companies have  been pushing against it. They are not going to admit it. Who is going  to go out lobbying in favor of slave labor? But this is their bottom  line: They make a lot of money by making stuff by people who aren't  paid to make it, and they are lobbying against this thing. I am sure  they have got a rationale for it that they have given people. The  bottom line is, the House doesn't want to pass it or, at least, some  people over there don't. The reason I know that is because we passed it  here unanimously, and we sent it over there.   Let me tell you what: If this were a revenue issue--this was the  issue. The issue was, we are in favor of the policy. You are right.  There shouldn't be slave labor, and we shouldn't be participating in  it, but--but--we can't do it in this bill because it impedes on our  prerogative as the House.   If that were really their position, it would be very simple. You  would pass our version, take the House version, pass the House version  of our bill, and send it over here, and it becomes the law. Why haven't  they done that? Let it originate over there, and send it here. They  haven't offered to do that. Do you know why they haven't done it?  Because they are not for this--they are not for it--and they wield this  blue-slip thing to mean whatever they want it to mean.   I support many but not all of these amendments on here. Some of them  have bigger revenue implications, but, apparently, those don't have  blue slips because they are for them. The blue slip cannot mean it  applies when I am not for the policy, and it doesn't apply when I am  for it. That is the bottom line. That is the way to answer it.   So I am going to renew what I did here a few days ago, and that is  that I am going to ask to modify the request to include my amendment,  which is the body of this bill that every Member of the Senate has  already voted for, amendment No. 4330.    Madam President, I object.   