 Mr. President, communities across our great Nation are  dealing with a startling spike in violent crime. Last year, the murder  rate soared by nearly 30 percent, the largest single-year jump on  record.   The American people are paying close attention, and they are  concerned. A poll this summer found that nearly 60 percent of Americans  are worried about crime. The percentage of those who say they are  extremely concerned is at the highest point in more than two decades,  and folks largely think not enough is being done to address this spike.   A separate poll found that 65 percent of Americans are dissatisfied  with policies to reduce or control crime. That is up more than 16  percent from 2020. Perhaps this is an offshoot of the ``defund the  police'' movement that we have seen in radical circles over the last  year or so.   With such a dramatic and shocking jump in homicides and violent crime  and the clear belief that more should be done to address it, you would  expect that the U.S. Department of Justice would be in an all-hands-on- deck posture. After all, this is the highest law enforcement agency in  the country. You would think it would take a leading role in finding  ways to keep our country and our communities safe.   Unfortunately, leaders at the Department of Justice in the Biden  administration believe that they have bigger fish to fry. Forget  stopping murderers and violent criminals. The most forceful language we  have seen recently from the Attorney General hasn't been about stopping  dangerous criminals; it is about going after concerned parents at  school board meetings. That is right--communities across the country  are worried about violent crime, and the Biden Justice Department is  worried about parents who are concerned about what their kids are  learning in school.   This all started with a deeply misguided letter from the National  School Boards Association about heated school board meetings across the  country.   Parents who are concerned about things like critical race theory and  other controversial topics, who are simply worried that their kids  aren't learning about American history and civics and the foundations  upon which this great country was built, they have taken their concerns  to school board meetings--something they have every right; indeed, a  constitutional right--to do.   I want to be clear: there is no place for violence or threats of  violence in our public discourse. It doesn't matter who you are or what  you are fighting for; violence is not the answer.   But rather than allow State and local law enforcement authorities to  intervene in those rare circumstances when things go off track, the  school board leaders at the National School Boards Association went  nuclear. They encouraged the Biden administration to treat these  parents like something akin to domestic terrorists. They advocated for  unleashing the full arsenal and might of the Department of Justice and  the Federal Bureau of Investigation on concerned parents--concerned  parents. And the Attorney General was, apparently, happy to oblige  their outrageous demands.   The National School Boards Association letter argued that a parent  who disagrees with the curriculum in their children's school could be  investigated under the PATRIOT Act.   You will remember the PATRIOT Act was passed after 9/11/2001 to  address radical extremists who had just killed 3,000 Americans in  attacks at the Pentagon and in New York.   Unsurprisingly, this letter from the National School Boards  Association was met with fierce and immediate blowback. I don't know  how they didn't see it coming. Concerned parents and terrorists don't  share anything in common.   Well, after the negative press, the National School Boards  Association eventually retracted their letter and apologized. They  admitted that there was ``no justification for some of the language  included in the letter,'' but the damage had already been done.   A few days later, after the letter was sent, Attorney General Garland  decided to get into the game, and he published a memo directing Federal  law enforcement to inject itself into local school board elections.   Well, we had a chance to question Attorney General Garland last week,  when he appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee, and he conceded  that his decision to send out a memo to the Federal law enforcement was  based almost entirely on the letter from the National School Boards  Association and ``news reports.''   Of course, the Attorney General could not cite any specific examples  that he relied upon before unleashing the awesome power of the Federal  Government on parents, nor could he provide any data or evidence that  local enforcement was incapable of handling any incidents that might  occur.   In his memo, the Attorney General also encouraged the Federal  authorities to take action far beyond any  [[Page S7531]]  threats of violence and references to intimidation of school officials.   But you have to ask: What counts as intimidation to the Attorney  General? Is an angry, frustrated parent raising their voice at a school  board meeting intimidation?   I think not.   What if one of the parents tells a school board member they plan to  run against them in the next election or donate to their opponent in  the next election; is that intimidation?   Well, to his credit, the Attorney General did finally concede that  parents' right to speak their minds at school board meetings are  protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. It  is their constitutional right.   But I ask you, put yourself in the shoes of a parent who reads about  this Department of Justice memo--from the Attorney General, no less--at  the kitchen table.   Is it going to have an impact on their decision to attend the next  school board meeting? Will it cause them to shy away from advocating  for their children's education and speaking up about misguided policies  that they think have no place in their child's school?   I ask you to consider the chilling effect that this had, and will  continue to have, on parents who just want to have a say in their  children's education.   Instead of raising their voices in opposition to things like critical  race theory or other radical educational policies, parents are more  likely to be intimidated and to stay at home for fear of being labeled  domestic terrorists by the highest law enforcement officer in the land.   They certainly can't afford to hire a lawyer to defend themselves  against these sorts of charges by the Federal Government, were the  Federal Government to come after them for exercising what Attorney  General Garland said were their First Amendment rights under the  Constitution.   In response to the Attorney General's memo, the U.S. attorney from  Montana sent out a list of Federal statutes that could serve as a basis  for prosecution. He took the Attorney General at his word. Among the  Federal statutes that he thought could serve as a basis for prosecution  included repeated telephone calls.   Well, last week, I asked the Attorney General if he considered the  chilling effect that his memo might have on parents exercising their  constitutional rights. He evaded the question. So I asked him again.  His answers became more evasive. So I asked him again.   Ultimately, the Attorney General--although he was sworn in under  oath, testifying in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee--refused to  answer the question. He wouldn't tell me, wouldn't tell the Judiciary  Committee, wouldn't tell the country, whether he had put any thought at  all into how his actions would impact concerned, law-abiding parents.   Even though the National School Boards Association retracted and  apologized for its letter, the Justice Department--the Biden Justice  Department--still refuses to do so. Attorney General Garland has  doubled down on this colossal overreach and still refuses to take  ownership or consider how his swift and uninformed action has harmed  public discourse in our country.    But, clearly, it is not only where we are headed, because we are  already there. The President and the leaders in his administration  aren't making decisions on the basis of the law of the land, but based  on demands of their radical left.   Amid an alarming spike in murder and violent crime rates, the Justice  Department is focused on the threat of concerned parents, because that  is what the radical left wants.   The Department is filing meritless lawsuits against State election  laws, like those in Georgia and Texas, because that is what their  radical base wants.   The Secretary of Homeland Security has told Immigration and Customs  Enforcement officers not to enforce our Nation's immigration laws,  because that is what the radical left and the Democratic Party want.   President Biden has signaled that he is not only OK with this kind of  selective law enforcement, he actually wants more of it.   One of the most controversial nominees being considered by the Senate  right now is Rachael Rollins, who the President has nominated to serve  as the U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts. Ms. Rollins currently serves as  a district attorney for Suffolk County, MA, where she is embroiled in  her own controversy.   Shortly after taking office in 2019, Ms. Rollins released a memo  outlining more than a dozen crimes that she said should be ignored by  local law enforcement. According to Ms. Rollins, individuals who commit  offenses like trespassing, shoplifting, larceny, wanton or malicious  destruction of property, and even possession with intent to distribute  drugs, she said her office would not prosecute them, so law enforcement  should not arrest them.   Now, I have no issue with law enforcement using limited resources to  prioritize the biggest threats, but there is a big difference between  prioritizing dangerous criminals and offenses and exempting wholesale  classes of crimes from enforcement.   What happens when the message is sent that government will not  enforce its laws? As being played out in California now, where many  businesses are simply withdrawing from places like San Francisco,  where, if you steal or shoplift something under $950 worth of  merchandise, law enforcement will not arrest you; they will not  prosecute; and thus the stores are left without recourse and, as you  can imagine, thievery runs riot.   Well, leaders certainly shouldn't tip their hat to criminals as to  what crimes may be committed free of any consequences, and that is  exactly what is happening. The Justice Department's priorities are  completely out of whack, and radical, partisan U.S. attorneys will only  make things worse.   The Biden administration cannot continue to take their marching  orders from the radical base of their political party. And the United  States should never be a place where concerned parents are treated like  criminals and actual criminals get a free pass.   I yield the floor.   