 Mr. Speaker, as we see the ongoing impacts of Biden's  inhumane border crisis, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6.   Mr. Speaker, it is irresponsible to be considering this bill today.  This bill provides amnesty to millions of those who are illegally in  this country. This promise of amnesty is a magnet for aliens attempting  to enter the United States today. For at least 35 years, we have seen a  direct correlation between promises of amnesty and an increase in  illegal border crossing.   The ongoing Biden inhumane border crisis is a direct result of then- candidate and now-President Biden's flawed border policies, including  amnesty. That is why I reintroduced the Fund and Complete the Border  Wall Act earlier this year and introduced the Stopping Border Surges  Act earlier this week.   These bills include real reforms that will have real impacts.  Specifically, the Stopping Border Surges Act fixes problems caused by  the Flores settlement agreement that prevent DHS from detaining family  units for more than 20 days, ensures that unaccompanied alien children  are quickly and safely returned to their homes, and promotes increased  integrity in the asylum system.   H.R. 6 will cause more problems than it will solve. It has serious  flaws that lead to fraud and abuse.   This bill gives the Secretary broad authority to waive grounds of  inadmissibility for humanitarian purposes, family unity, or because the  waiver is otherwise in the public interest. That means that, under this  bill, even convicted criminals will be eligible for amnesty.   If that is not bad enough, under this bill, aliens who were removed  from the country by DHS will be allowed to return and get amnesty. Let  me repeat that: Aliens who were ordered removed by an immigration judge  after receiving due process and were actually removed will be allowed  to return and get amnesty.    Last year, USCIS, the agency that administers this amnesty program,  almost had to furlough 70 percent of its workforce because the fees it  collects do not cover the costs of adjudicating immigration benefits.  But this bill actually sets the amnesty fee arbitrarily low and will  allow most aliens to obtain a fee waiver. That is a recipe for  disaster.  [[Page H1515]]    This bill prohibits information from being shared with ICE so that  our immigration laws cannot be enforced. Instead of prohibiting  information sharing, we should require information sharing.   This bill does nothing to secure the border or close loopholes in our  immigration laws that encourage illegal immigration.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to do  the same.    Madam Speaker, while the Biden inhumane border crisis  rages on the southern border, we are here today, once again, debating  amnesty for illegal aliens.   Promising amnesty to those who are already here illegally encourages  more aliens to come illegally. All data for the last 35 years shows  that there is this correlative relationship.   Instead of voting on amnesty, we should be voting on real reforms to  close loopholes and remove incentives for aliens to come here  illegally. That is why I reintroduced the Fund and Complete the Border  Wall Act earlier this year and introduced the Stopping Border Surges  Act earlier this week. These bills include real reforms that will have  real impacts.   The Stopping Border Surges Act fixes problems caused by the Flores  settlement agreement that prevents DHS from detaining family units for  more than 20 days, ensures that unaccompanied alien children are  quickly and safely returned home, and promotes increased integrity in  the asylum system.   This bill, however, will actually cause more problems than it will  solve. It has serious flaws that will lead to fraud and abuse.   This bill gives the Secretary broad authority to waive grounds of  inadmissibility for humanitarian purposes, family unity, or because the  waiver is otherwise in the public interest. What that means is that  convicted criminals will have an opportunity to gain amnesty.   This bill invites fraudulent applications because under this bill,  Madam Speaker, if you apply for amnesty, your receipt serves as your  authorization to work. All you have to do is apply for the amnesty and  you will be able to work legally. There is no way that this will not  lead to fraudulent filings.   This bill establishes grant programs that use taxpayer dollars to  help illegal aliens apply for amnesty. Instead of spending taxpayer  dollars to facilitate amnesty, we should focus on reducing the deficit.  This bill does nothing to secure the border or close loopholes in our  immigration laws that encourage illegal immigration.   Now, I address something that was said in the last debate. One of the  Representatives said that no Republican has taken her up on going to  the border. That is not accurate. When she announced that in the  Judiciary Committee, I said that I will go with you, that I want to go  with you.   We agreed I would go. Our staffs arranged it. My flight reservations  were made, and within about 3 days before going, I was told that there  is no more room for you on this trip.   So, it wasn't accurate to say that no Republican has taken her up on  it. I took her up on it.   I will tell you this, Madam Speaker, when the Speaker says the reason  to support the previous bill is that 75 percent of Americans support  amnesty, well, if you are going to rely on polling data, I would inform  you that a recent poll said that 75 percent of Americans support the  use of voter ID. Let's go ahead and fix that then if we are going to  rely on voting information to pass good policy.   Let's reinstitute voter ID, and let's vote ``no'' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. Cloud, for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, earlier today, Democrats ignored President Biden's  inhumane border crisis and passed two amnesty bills. The bills actually  encourage illegal immigration.   Here is the way it works: The cartels have operational control of our  border. They do. No one crosses the southern border unless the cartel  says it is okay. The cartels are advertising now. NGOs funded by this  government are advertising down in the Northern Triangle states in  Mexico: ``Come north.''    They give brochures how to get here. And what happens is caravans are  forming now. But more than that, we have got people lining up at the  borders to come across. It is a treacherous journey.   Mr. Speaker, parents are giving their kids to coyotes to bring  forward. And these people have no respect for human life. No respect.  And that is because of the policies of this administration. And I will  tell you what I heard someone on the floor of the House state today,  and I am going to quote it.   They said, ``This bill is not amnesty. It does not grant anybody  amnesty. It allows individuals to get right with the law and become  legal workers in the United States.''   That is the definition of amnesty. Look it up in Merriam Webster.   Earlier this week, Secretary Mayorkas admitted, ``We are on pace to  encounter more individuals on the southwest border than at any time in  the last 20 years.''   Let that sink in: More than any time in the last 20 years.   And the answer to this by our Democrat colleagues is to pass amnesty.   Mr. Speaker, we hear moving stories that all Dreamers came to the  United States as little children, graduated from high school as  valedictorians and are now working as doctors saving lives.   If that were true, why did these bills include waivers for illegal  aliens who have been convicted of crimes?   Why didn't these bills include language to require that illegal  aliens who will get amnesty at least have graduated from either high  school or college?   The contents of the bills the House passed today do not match the  rhetoric of the open borders crowd. We can spend hours talking about  the heartfelt stories, what happened to people, kids who I have seen,  who have been rented out and used multiple times to take advantage of  these policies. Time doesn't allow for me to do that, but we must  continue to fight this horrible scourge because it is a humanitarian  crisis.   Don't paper over it claiming that you are compassionate when you are  enticing people to put their lives in the hands of people who don't  give any consideration for human life.   