 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for the past 41 years, I have toured  our State to hear from Iowa workers, our community leaders, and our  farmers at my annual 99 county meetings. So far this year, I have been  in 71.   As a farmer myself, I enjoy speaking with those involved in  agriculture all across the State who tell me that they are third-,  fourth-, fifth-generation farmers. These folks use the same soil and  barns as their grandfathers before them. Everyone I speak with intends  to leave their land to their children and leave it better than they  found it. That goes way back to it being entrusted to their care. We  all have that responsibility.   Between the use of cover crops, buffer strips, no-till farming, and  minimal-till farming, more conservation practices than ever before are  being used on Iowa's 35 million acres of farmland. While Iowa farmers  are continuing to feed our country and the world, they are also doing  so with fewer inputs and better soil and water outcomes.   Iowa farmers should be congratulated; however, it seems like there is  always a target on the backs of Iowa farmers and I could say for maybe  all American farmers. I want to get to that target, and that has  something to do with this map that I have here of the State of Iowa.   Last week, it was reported that the Biden administration is moving  forward to add redtape to their operations by rewriting President  Trump's navigable waters protection rule. In my first telephone  conversation with then-EPA nominee Administrator Regan and now the  confirmed Administrator--by the way, confirmed by a unanimous vote of  this Senate--I warned Administrator Regan against moving back to the  Obama-era waters of the U.S. rule, which we call WOTUS for short. That  is a regulation they shouldn't move back to because of the burden it  placed on rural areas, including Iowa farmers.   In fact, under the old waters rule, 97 percent of Iowa's land would  have been subject to jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. In other  words, all of the blue part of Iowa--with the exceptions of these areas  that are white that adds up to the blue area--97 percent of this land  mass of Iowa would be subject to Federal jurisdiction. Adding more  Federal redtape to a farmer's day-to-day decisions on the farm is  government overreach, plain and simple.   But besides Iowa's 86,000 farmers, a change in the Trump navigable  waters protection rule will also result in significant redtape and  significant expense for, among others, homebuilders, golf course  managers, and construction companies as they make very routine  decisions about how best to use the land and run their businesses.   Now, imagine that, not only have new home prices risen due to  inflation and soaring lumber prices--and, by the way, lumber prices  have added $36,000 to the price of a house just in the last year. Now,  instead of that happening because lumber prices have gone up, now home  prices, because of this proposed change in the regulation, will  increase due to additional permitting that wasn't previously needed.   To clear up common confusion, the Trump-era rule that is now the law  of the land did not give polluters free rein to discharge pollutions  with no regard to the health of our Nation's waterways. Regulating the  discharge of pollution into waterways is important and is done through  other parts of the Clean Water Act.   The Trump rule made sure that where routine land use decisions were  being made with little or no environmental impact, then those decisions  would not be regulated by the Federal Government. EPA's release about  its intention to overturn the navigable waters protection rule, which  is the Trump rule, mentions that 333 projects would have required  permits by the Obama waters rule that did not need government paperwork  under the navigable waters protection rule of the Trump administration,  and, of course, that is exactly the point--exactly the point of what  was wrong with the WOTUS rule.   If you are simply moving dirt to level off a low point in a field,  should that need a Federal permit? If a golf course is fixing a bunker  or flattening a green, should that need a Federal permit? The obvious  commonsense answer to both of these questions and a lot of other  questions that can be put out there for speculative purposes is, What  good does this redtape do for anyone? I want to underline that point.   My Republican colleagues and I want clean water and healthy soil for  our families and our communities. This is important. But what I don't  want is a Federal Government power grab that adds so much redtape to  routine land use decisions that it slows our economy to a halt.   If the Biden administration decides to go down this road of reverting  to the old Obama-era WOTUS, they will be seriously misguided. Why  should you put the farmers of Iowa, as well as the other people, with  many even having to get a permit to do normal farming practices--it  just doesn't make sense.   For an administration that is so focused on updating our Nation's  infrastructure, why does it make sense to propose a rule that only adds  costs and delays construction with no identifiable benefit?   I urge President Biden and EPA Administrator Regan to listen to the  farmers and land owners across the country. Wave the WOTUS rule  goodbye. Put away the redtape that is going to come around as a result  of what you are planning to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   