 Mr. President, we have the privilege to come to this  floor and examine issues important to every American. And what could be  more important than the fundamental right to participate in the  guidance of our country and to be able to cast a ballot. And that  ballot box, it is the pulsating heart of our Republic.   In fact, it is 56 years ago, just a couple of days ago, that  President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965. And what did he  say? He said it is wrong--deadly wrong--to deny any American the  opportunity to vote. Well, what was deadly wrong in 1965 is deadly  wrong in 2021.   It is hard to believe that over 50 years--over half a century--has  passed, and we are reverting to that period before 1965, where there  was a systematic effort to target specific groups of voters and prevent  them from going to the poll.   And we all know how this worked. On election day, there would be  fewer precinct voting locations in those areas that you didn't want to  vote, and they would be understaffed so there would be long lines, or  their voting machines would be out of order, or they would change the  location every 2 years so people would be confused about where to go,  or they would locate them where there was no parking--all of these  things deliberately aimed at preventing Black Americans from voting and  preventing other communities of color from voting.   Well, today, we are seeing in State after State after State an  expanded version of this, not just targeting Black Americans and other  communities of color but also targeting poor communities and college  students. And we see these laws unfolding in just the recent months.   I would expect 100 of our colleagues here to stand up and defend the  ballot box. Aren't we long removed from those days of that racist past?  But apparently not.   So some of us have to stand up and say: We are going to stand up to  the vision of our Constitution where all men and women are created  equal and every man and woman has the right to participate in the  guidance of this country.   You know, we know that in the founding of our country, we had a  beautiful vision, imperfectly formed, that Black Americans, Native  Americans, and women were not allowed to vote. We fixed those things  over time. We progressed in an arc to full opportunity, and that is  what we are fighting for now--full opportunity of every citizen to have  a full measure of what it means to be a participant in a Republic.   Well, there is much more in this bill to mend the assault on equal  representation through the diabolical gerrymandering denied to bias the  outcome from one party over the other, and certainly to keep  billionaires from buying elections.   And when we ask people around the country--Independents, Democrats,  Republicans--they all say: We do not want billionaires to buy  elections. We do not want equal representation destroyed by diabolical  gerrymandering, and we want every citizen to have access to the ballot  box.   But in this Chamber, suddenly, the views of the Republicans across  this country are forgotten by my Republican colleagues across the  aisle. In that thirsty quest for power, they are willing to violate the  fundamental principles that inspire our Nation, and it is wrong--deadly  wrong--today as it was in 1965.   