 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 21,  calling on Vice President Pence to invoke his powers under the 25th  Amendment. We are in the midst of a national emergency and President  Trump must be removed from office immediately, before any further  damage to this Capitol--or to our Republic--can be done.   Last week's violent attack on the Capitol took root more than 5 years  ago when Donald Trump first descended the escalator at Trump Tower to  announce his run for President.   The hateful rhetoric, baseless accusations, and contempt for the  democratic process were all on display that day. Later, they formed the  foundation of his presidency. Last week, they reached a violent  crescendo.   After losing his bid for reelection--in decisive fashion--President  Trump embarked on a campaign of misinformation aimed at delegitimizing  the results of a free and fair election. When this failed, he tried to  intimidate local election officials into reversing the results. When  those brave public servants refused to do his bidding, he made one  final desperate attempt to hold onto power by attacking the  constitutionally mandated process of counting and certifying the  electoral votes in a Joint Session of Congress.   Although the President had willing volunteers to join him, Vice  President Pence refused to exceed his limited authority and reject the  results of the election. That is when the President unleashed his  supporters to storm the Capitol. And the result--an armed  insurrection--left in its wake lost lives, property destroyed,  desecration of hallowed ground, and physical and emotional scars that  may never fully heal.   Vice President Pence upheld his constitutional duty and his oath of  office that day. It is time for him to do so once more.   Under the 25th Amendment, the Vice President, along with a majority  of the members of the Cabinet, may inform Congress ``that the President  is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office,'' upon  which ``the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and  duties of the office as Acting President.''   This is not a step to be taken lightly--but it is the step that must  be taken today.   The President is clearly incapacitated and unable to exercise the  powers of the presidency to protect the United States, as witnessed by  the attack on the Capitol itself. Rather than immediately calling for  an end to the violence and calling on his supporters to withdraw, the  President waited several hours before releasing a half-hearted video  that also expressed his ``love'' for the rioters who were ``special  people''. All the while, he continued his efforts to subvert the  election, seeking Senators who would object to the certification of as  many as ten states' electoral votes, without a shred of evidence that  there was any reason to doubt their authenticity.   And reports indicate that the threat that our country faced on  January 6th--from a president who would do anything to hold onto  power--is ongoing. It is a national crisis. It demands immediate  action.   I thank the Gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Raskin--a constitutional  scholar and a valuable member of the Judiciary Committee--for bringing  forward this important resolution, and I call upon the Vice President  to do his constitutional duty and to protect the American people from  one more day of a dangerous presidency.   