 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2668, the Consumer  Protection and Recovery Act.   This critical legislation restores the authority of the Federal Trade  Commission to hold wrongdoers accountable under section 13(b) of the  FTC Act.   Until recently, this statute authorized the Commission to obtain  monetary relief when a corporation has harmed consumers or businesses  by breaking the law. For more than four decades, the FTC used this  critical enforcement tool to secure billions of dollars in relief for  consumers that were harmed by anticompetitive conduct or unfair or  deceptive practices.   In the past 5 years alone, the FTC has secured $11.2 billion in  refunds to consumers through this enforcement tool. As Commissioner  Rebecca Kelly Slaughter recently testified, these important cases  involved combating anticompetitive practices by pharmaceutical  companies that contribute to the soaring costs of prescription drugs,  abusive scams targeting veterans and older Americans, and numerous  other examples of harmful conduct. However, the Supreme Court severely  weakened this tool in a recent decision where it narrowed the scope of  section 13(b) to cases involving ongoing harms.   H.R. 2668 will reverse this disastrous ruling by reinstating FTC's  authority to obtain both injunctive and monetary relief for all  violations of the law that it enforces. And what is really interesting  when I listened to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, every  single speaker said, of course, consumers should get their money back.  Of course, the FTC should have this power. And then they express their  intention to vote against the bill to do exactly that--restore the  power of the FTC to in fact provide that kind of relief.   I thank Congressman Cardenas for sponsoring this bill. I thank  Chairman Pallone and Chairwoman Schakowsky for their extraordinary  leadership. This bill is about protecting competition across our  economy from Big Tech to Big Pharma.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with consumers and those  that have been harmed by deceptive, unfair, anticompetitive practices,  and let those consumers and small businesses be made whole.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill.   