 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule,  but specifically against this massive, multitrillion dollar tax-and- spend bill.   Of course, we just got the text last night, over 2,300 pages. As we  have been combing through it, I would like to point out a few pieces in  this bill.   Let's start with a natural gas tax. President Biden promised that  anyone who makes less than $400,000 a year will not pay a dime in new  taxes. He even whispers it into the microphone. The only problem is he  breaks the promise right here in the bill with a tax that, according to  the American Gas Association, will increase household electricity rates  by 30 percent. By the way, it is low-income families that will be hit  the hardest with that increase. Broken promise by President Biden right  there.   Then you go down and you look at amnesty. It has been talked about.  Millions of additional people will get amnesty in this bill, and it  comes at a time where President Biden is negotiating--initially, he  said he wasn't, and then the White House had to go back up and say the  Justice Department is negotiating--half-a-million dollar checks to  people who came across our border illegally. And then they are going to  give amnesty to millions more people. Estimates are 7 million more  people. Can you imagine the flood that will come over when they hear  that you can get half a million dollars per person if President Biden  gets his way?   Then you go down the line. There is more, unfortunately. We will comb  through IRS agents. How many of us have our phones ringing off the  hooks with people calling saying: Please add 87,000 more IRS agents to  the rolls? Not one of us has probably gotten that call. Yet they put it  in the bill.   They call this infrastructure. They call this equity. Whatever they  want to call it, it is an army of IRS agents that are going to comb  through our bank accounts.    Madam Speaker, they are going to be combing through your  bank account.   Why? Because they have to generate hundreds of billions of dollars to  spend on more inflation-inducing spending. That is right, according to  the Penn Wharton Budget Model, you are going to have over $4 trillion  of spending with $1.5 trillion of new taxes.   By the way, that is $2.5 trillion of additional debt, even though the  President says there is no cost. No cost, just $2.5 trillion of debt.  But these IRS agents are going to have to account for over $200 billion  to find money from your checking accounts. That is what they are trying  to do by dark of night.   We started the morning at 8 a.m. We are here after 9 p.m. starting to  get into the details of this bill. No wonder they don't want a CBO  score. No wonder they want to do this by dark of night. This is going  to induce more inflation that is hurting families all across America.   Listen to what the voters of Virginia said. Stop the madness. Defeat  this bill.   