 Madam President, 6 months ago, the Democratic majority  began this Congress by aggressively confronting the COVID crisis. We  passed the American Rescue Plan--one of the largest Federal stimulus  measures in history--to help bring an end to the economic downturn and  prime our economy to come roaring back. Now, millions of Americans have  come off the unemployment rolls, and small businesses have reopened  from coast to coast. More than 150 million Americans have been fully  vaccinated. We need, of course, to keep up the effort to inoculate the  rest of the country, but suffice it to say, we are well on our way to  bringing the country out of chaos, out of crisis, and back to normal.  But the task is not done.   As our country reopens and Americans return to work, we must turn our  attention to laying a foundation for the future. This upcoming work  period will focus on exactly that: building a foundation for future  American prosperity for years and decades to come through smart and  bold investments in our Nation's infrastructure.   As I have said for weeks, the discussions about infrastructure  legislation continue along two tracks. On the bipartisan track, our  committees are getting closer to turning the recent agreement between  the White House and the bipartisan infrastructure group into  legislation. I am pleased to report  [[Page S4810]]  we are making very good progress toward that goal. On the second track,  the Senate Budget Committee is close to finalizing a budget resolution,  which will allow the Senate to move forward with the remaining parts of  the American Jobs and Families Plan. The Senate must pass the budget  resolution and an eventual budget reconciliation bill with or without  Republican support.   The fact of the matter is, brick-and-mortar infrastructure is very  important, but it is no longer the only type of infrastructure that  matters in the 21st century. Human infrastructure--what many might call  family support as our families come under increasing pressure in this  modern society, things like childcare, family leave, education,  healthcare--are just as essential to giving our citizens opportunity as  building roads and bridges and railways. Both are very important.  Twenty-first century investment in broadband internet, the electric  grid, and retrofitting our economy to fight climate change in bold ways  are just as important as roads and bridges and railways. We must do  both. It is not one or the other, and we are going to do both.   Before the week work period is over, it is my intention for the  Senate to hold votes on the bipartisan infrastructure bill and a budget  resolution. Members should prepare for a busier work period than usual,  with the possibility of late-night votes, weekend votes, and changes to  the August schedule. It is not going to be easy, but it is certainly  going to be worth it.   The Federal Government has not made a significant stand-alone  investment in infrastructure in decades. We have the world's largest  economy, and yet our infrastructure ranks 13th. America has less  generous family support policies than so many of our peers who are not  as wealthy as we are. It is time to rebuild our infrastructure, create  millions of good-paying jobs--particularly to those who haven't been  able to get good-paying jobs--and help American families keep up with  rising expenses. If and when we succeed, the benefits--the benefits-- will reverberate across the country for generations to come.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 121.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 120.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 171.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 154.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 193.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, finally, I ask unanimous consent that  the mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, July  12, be waived.    I yield the floor.   