 Madam Speaker, some lawmakers continue to  ignore, trivialize, or deny the fact that abortion activists plan to  aggressively use the Federal ERA--as they have used State ERAs--in a  litigation strategy designed to overturn pro-life laws and policies,  including restrictions supported by huge majorities of Americans.   As the Marist Poll found recently in January: Seven in 10 Americans,  including nearly half who identify as pro-choice, want significant  restrictions on abortions. While I fundamentally disagree with abortion  activists who refuse to recognize an unborn child's inherent dignity,  worth and value, many on both sides now agree that how the ERA is  written will be used in court to massively promote abortion.   NARAL Pro-Choice America said the ERA would ``reinforce the  constitutional right to abortion'' and ``require judges to strike down  anti-abortion laws.''   The National Organization for Women said: ``An ERA--properly  interpreted--could negate the hundreds of laws that have been passed  restricting access to abortion. . . .''   Those laws include the Hyde amendment, waiting periods, parental  involvement statutes, women's right-to-know laws, conscience rights,  and late term abortion ban, like the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act.   By now, my colleagues know that the Supreme Court of New Mexico ruled  that the State was required--required to fund abortion, based solely on  the State ERA.   In like manner, the Supreme Court of Connecticut invalidated its  State ban on abortion funding based on its ERA.  [[Page H1421]]    Ensuring equal rights for women and serious protections against  violence and exploitation requires laws, policies, and spending  priorities to achieve those noble and necessary goals, without--I say  again, without putting unborn baby girls and boys at risk of death.    Madam Speaker, today I will vote to approve  the Violence Against Women Extension Act (VAWA) of 2021--historic  landmark legislation with a proven track record of assisting abused and  battered women--authored by Congresswoman Elise Stefanik of New York.   As a matter of fact, I was the prime author of the law that provided  for the first reauthorization of the VAWA in 2000--a five-year $3.3  billion comprehensive program that was part of my anti-trafficking law,  the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Prevention Act (PL 106-386/ TVPA).   Important VAWA programs include: legal assistance for victims;  addressing housing needs for victims of domestic violence, dating  violence, sexual assault and stalking; grants to combat violent crimes  on campuses; grants to encourage arrest policies and enforcement of  protection orders; grants for enhanced training and services to end  abuse later in life; the critical STOP grants to educate and train law  enforcement personnel to address sexual assault; the CHOOSE grants,  i.e. Creating Hope Through Outreach, Options, Service, and Education  for Children and Youth; training and services to end violence against  people with disabilities; the sexual assault services program; rural  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, stalking and child  abuse enforcement assistance; and grants for strengthening the  healthcare system's response to domestic violence, dating violence,  sexual assault, and stalking; as well as extending other key programs.   This is consistent with my long record of support for VAWA.   I strongly supported passage of VAWA when it was first introduced in  1993, and again in 1994, when this crucial legislation was signed into  law for the first time. I have supported multiple reauthorizations of  VAWA, and I continue to strongly support this law as it was originally  intended.   As I said earlier, I was the prime author of the law that provided  for the first reauthorization of the VAWA in 2000 when I included the  five-year $3.3 billion comprehensive program in my Victims of  Trafficking and Violence Prevention Act (PL 106-386/TVPA).   I also cosponsored the 2005 reauthorization, fought to ensure these  programs are fully funded to assist the maximum number of victims, and  voted for seven of the first seven VAWA reauthorization bills offered  through 2012.   Two versions of VAWA reauthorization are under consideration by the  House today. As I noted, the version I will support extends the VAWA  until 2022. The other--H.R. 1620--weakens several carefully crafted  protections for women and girls.   By granting biological men--who self-identify as women--access to  women's shelters, H.R. 1620 removes the hard-fought gains to protect  women and girls from abuse and to provide them with physical, emotional  and psychological security.   Under H.R. 1620, women will no longer have a safe place of their own  as they flee from male-inflicted physical and emotional abuse and  intimidation.   Rather, these heroic women will now have to share their place of  refuge--a shelter previously reserved for women seeking protection from  male abusers--with biological men who self-identify as women.   These brave women and children deserve a place where they can feel  protected and secure, so they can begin the difficult process of  healing as they deal with post-traumatic stress. Forcing them to share  a shelter and its facilities, including showers and sleeping areas,  with biological men who self-identify as women will cause these women  and children to experience insecurity, discomfort, confusion, and fear  of additional assault.   VAWA has always prioritized the challenges and unique needs of  battered women and children but this version, if passed, no longer  will.   These women's shelters--there are about 1,500 nationwide--offer a  safe space where a woman does not have to fear or worry about violence  and intimidation and instead allows her to take steps toward rebuilding  her life.   We must first and foremost protect victims of violence.   I oppose this provision of H.R. 1620 out of genuine concern for the  women and children who are forced to flee to domestic abuse shelters  and base my concern on evidence from California.   In late 2018, nine female victims residing in a women's shelter in  Fresno, California--Naomi's House, operated by Poverello House--filed a  lawsuit against the shelter for admitting a biological man because he  had self-identified as a woman. These victims stated that they had been  sexually harassed by this biological man. They said that he had made  ``sexual advances'' on them and would ``stare and leer'' and make  ``sexually harassing comments about their bodies'' while they were  forced to undress in the same room with him.   After repeatedly confronting the staff of Naomi's House--both  verbally and in writing--with their extreme discomfort, these women  were told that they would be expelled from the shelter if they refused  to comply.   If we allow biological men who self-identify as women to receive  access to these women-only shelters, abused women and children will  lose the `safe space' they so desperately need.   These victims deserve better. They deserve our protection and  support. We must work to ensure the safety of women, girls, and  children.   Other shelters designed to help victims of diverse sexual  orientations and identities who are victims of domestic abuse ought to  be considered by separate legislation.   We can, and we must create bipartisan legislation which seeks to  protect all women and girls, as this law originally intended.   We can, and must, do better.   