 Mr. President, I have good news. This week, the U.S.  Senate is going to consider five highly qualified Federal district  court nominees. Before briefly speaking on their records, I want to  make a few broad observations.   First, each of these nominations was recommended by the White House,  by their home State Senators, or, in the case of the D.C. District  Court, by District of Columbia Representative Eleanor Holmes Norton. I  want to commend my colleagues--they did their job. They continued to  identify and recommend nominees who have the experience and the  temperament needed to serve on the Federal bench.   Second, these nominees represent an important cross-section of  professional diversity. They have served as public defenders. They have  also been prosecutors, civil rights attorneys, municipal lawyers, and  even sitting judges.   Third, all five of these nominees received bipartisan support in the  Judiciary Committee. How about that, bipartisan support in the  committee. That is a testament to their abilities, qualifications, and  character. I thank my Republican colleagues who made that possible.   Finally, these nominees understand the limited role a judge plays in  our judicial system. They have to be guided by evenhandedness,  impartiality, and fidelity to the rule of law. We have seen that in  their records. These records have been scrupulously reviewed by staff  on both sides--Democrat, Republican, in addition to the White House,  obviously. We have seen it in their testimony before the Judiciary  Committee, and we have seen it in the broad support they had from the  legal communities where they live.   Let me tell you a bit about each of them.   First is Jia Cobb, nominated to the District Court for the District  of Columbia. Ms. Cobb has more than 15 years of experience as a trial  litigator. She has tried more than 30 cases to verdict in both civil  and criminal cases. This depth of experience is one of the reasons she  was rated unanimously--unanimously--``well qualified'' by the American  Bar Association.   For nearly a decade, she has represented people seeking to uphold  their rights when it comes to the Nation's housing, disability, and  employment discrimination laws.   Critically, Ms. Cobb understands the distinction between being an  advocate and a judge. As a judge on the District of D.C., she has  promised to rule based on the law and facts of the cases before her.   Next is Judge Karen Williams, nominated to the District of New  Jersey. Like Ms. Cobb, Judge Williams was unanimously rated ``well  qualified'' by the ABA. That is a testament to her integrity,  temperament, and experience, which includes 12 years as a Federal  magistrate judge and another two decades as a practicing litigator.   She has the strong support of both Senators from New Jersey, Menendez  and Booker, and many throughout the New Jersey legal community.   We will also be voting this week on the nomination of Patricia Giles  to the Eastern District of Virginia. Ms. Giles has a deep understanding  of the district which she has been nominated to serve. As a Federal  prosecutor, she tried more than 20 cases to verdict, and prosecutors  and defense counsel alike have praised her fairness and her tenacity.   Ms. Giles also received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from  the American Bar Association and has the strong support of her  Senators, Warner and Kaine.   The Senate will consider Judge Michael Nachmanoff, nominated to the  Eastern District of Virginia. He has served as a Federal magistrate  judge since 2015, following an accomplished career as the district's  appointed Federal defender.   Judge Nachmanoff also received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating  from the ABA. He has the strong support of both Virginia Senators. Like  Ms. Giles, Judge Nachmanoff received praise from prosecutors and  defense attorneys alike. It is a testament to his integrity and  evenhandedness.   Finally, the Senate is going to consider Sarala Nagala, nominated to  the District of Connecticut bench. Ms. Nagala is an accomplished  Federal prosecutor. She has devoted her career to very serious cases  involving human trafficking, child exploitation, identity theft, hate  crimes, and fraud.   Like each of the nominees, she received a unanimous rating of ``well  qualified'' from the ABA and has strong support from Senators  Blumenthal and Murphy.   I ask all my colleagues to join me in supporting these five extremely  high-qualified nominees. With their record, experience, and evenhanded  approach, they will be ready on day one to serve in the critically  important role of district court judge.   Finally, let me say that for many of these people, this decision to  move forward and ask for appointment to the Federal judiciary carries  with it status and admiration from many people--most people--but it  also may mean some personal sacrifices. They are now going to be  officially in public life, and that brings with it, as we all know,  some burdens. They are willing to accept that and their families are  willing to accept it as they continue to serve as Federal judges.  [[Page S7352]]    I hope my colleagues will join me in approving them. I hope it is  done this week in a timely manner.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. Manchin) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. Manchin), and the  Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. Manchin), and the  Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.   