 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I  congratulate my friend in his new leadership role in addressing what is  one of the most important issues in our country today, which is fiscal  irresponsibility and a now nearly $30 trillion national debt. I  appreciate his leadership.    Mr. Speaker, that is why today I rise in opposition to this, the  Democrats' sham $2.1 trillion parody of a budget. Democrats, in their  own words, having failed again to pass a budget last year, now say:  ``The 2021 budget resolution has a single purpose. It gives Congress  the option of using a budget reconciliation.''   However, this is a very different tune than what my Democrat  colleagues said just a few years ago. In August 2017, Senate Majority  Leader Schumer said reconciliation is ``the wrong way to do the  business of the country,'' and he demanded a bipartisan solution  instead.   Democrats are once again shirking their duty to produce a budget  while intending to ram a partisan spending bill down the throats of the  American people.   However, in 2019, the Republican Study Committee, which I chair,  produced a budget that balanced in 6 years. It reduced tax burdens on  American families, limited the Federal Government to our core  constitutional responsibilities, and prioritized individual liberty.   Speaker Pelosi once infamously said: ``Show me your values. Show me  your budget.''   Well, now we know what those values are. At a time when most small  businesses are fighting for their lives, they would proudly impose  minimum wage hikes and Green New Deal sanctions that would starve our  economy.   What they won't tell you, though, is where they plan on getting this  money  [[Page H298]]  from--from American workers, American families, and robbing future  generations. That is where.   Mr. Speaker, every dollar taxed, borrowed, or printed by the  government is a dollar taken from a hardworking family. It is a credit  on a small business, or it ends up creating price bubbles that wipe out  a lifetime of savings.   Mr. Speaker, we know these are their values, but I ask: Are these  America's values?   