 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate very much and want to thank  the ranking member and, of course, the chairman of the committee as  well. I won't take all of the 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2355, the Opioid  Prescription Verification Act. I want to thank my colleague and good  friend Rodney Davis for sponsoring this legislation, which I was proud  to colead in the Energy and Commerce Committee.   This bill, as amended, will allow HHS to give grant preference to  States that require their practitioners to transmit prescriptions  electronically in accordance with a prescription drug monitoring  program. I can add that the great State of Florida does this.   This bill expands on the work we did in the SUPPORT Act with  Medicare's prescription drug programs to help prevent opioid abuse. We  have a mental health and addiction problem in our Nation, Mr. Speaker,  and I know the gentleman is aware of that. We must all stand together  to enact meaningful changes to help combat this ongoing crisis. This  bill does just that, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to support  it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the  chairman of the committee and, of course, the ranking member of the  full committee, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, for their work on this bill.   I am honored to be here today to speak in support of H.R. 3894 and  would like to thank my colleague and friend, Representative Blunt  Rochester, for sponsoring this important piece of legislation. This is  a really good bill.   I also want to thank my esteemed colleagues on the Energy and  Commerce Committee for their continued bipartisan efforts to benefit  American patients under innovative delivery models through increased  data.   The CARING for Social Determinants Act, which I proudly co-lead,  would provide routine guidance and strategies to States to address the  social determinants of health under the Medicaid and the Children's  Health Insurance Program, or CHIP program.   This bill also solidifies States' authority to continue innovative  waiver payment models, which consequently improves Medicaid  beneficiaries' health outcomes.   This is really a great bill, Mr. Speaker, and I want to thank the  chairman. We truly do work in a bipartisan fashion in this committee,  in most cases.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill.   