 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Johnson) for organizing this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to address President Biden's failure to  secure our borders and enforce our national immigration laws. The Biden  administration's disregard for the national security threat and  humanitarian crisis they have created is extremely troubling. The  American people deserve better than this. My constituents in south  Alabama, as well as millions of folks across America, share my concern.  That is why today I sent a letter to President Biden asking him a few  simple questions. They are as follows:   Why did you stop construction on the border wall even though we had  supplies on the ground and contractors ready to finish it? Why?   What is the plan to secure our border and enforce our immigration  laws today? Do we have a plan?   What is the plan to prevent additional surges of illegal immigrants  who are crossing our border? As we know, there are 30- to 50,000 on the  way that are going to get here, and I want to know what the plan is  before they get here; not a week after they get here.   What is the plan to handle thousands of individuals living in  makeshift camps along the border? Can the White House assure us that  these criminals who are sneaking across the border will not be released  in our community?   I challenge my friends from across the aisle to stand up and start  speaking out. This is not a Republican issue. It is an American issue.  We have got to stand up for our constituents because when we are  getting these people coming across the border with diseases,  undocumented, the drugs, it becomes an American problem, and we as  Americans have got to stand together and fight this.   If we can't get the Democratic Party, the Democrats across the aisle,  to listen to what we are saying, there will be a tsunami in 2022 that  will change this House for a long time. And that is not what we need.  We need to be working together.   Although I doubt my letter will get a response from President Biden,  I will continue to fight to secure our border so we can protect the  health and the safety of American citizens.   