 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Oklahoma for yielding.   Madam Speaker, we are debating a spending bill under a budget that  doesn't exist. Six months into Joe Biden's Presidency and a Democrat- controlled Congress, we have still not passed a budget for fiscal year  2022. In fact, Democrats have been in the majority for over 1,000 days  and they have yet to put a real budget on the floor of the House of  Representatives.   In this bill before us today, the Democrats want to give Washington  bureaucrats an average increase of 21 percent. Their plan will fuel a  massive growth in red tape that will harm small businesses. It will  hurt working Americans and families, and it gives Washington more  control over their lives and livelihoods.   But notice what they have left out.   What they have left out is, where is the money to protect our  homeland?   Where is the money for our men and women in uniform?   Perhaps our colleagues have not brought these bills to the floor  because they are ashamed to face the American people and explain why  they want to flatline spending for our men and women in uniform.   Or how, during the largest and worst immigration crisis of the  southern border in years, they refuse to put in one additional dollar  to secure our border.   I suppose this shouldn't surprise us. Democrats have been very, very  clear about their objectives. While we are debating a raise for  bureaucrats, the Senate is figuring out how to abuse the budget process  to spend at least $3.5 trillion more on their socialist agenda: amnesty  for millions of illegal immigrants; subsidies for wealthy  environmentalists; forcing States to expand Medicaid; and tax increases  for working Americans while giving tax breaks for the wealthiest  Americans.   This is the first year in the last decade without a spending cap  agreement and look what is happening. Without missing a beat, the  Democrats are opening the floodgates to reckless spending. While they  argue over how many trillions to spend, we are just days away from  reaching our debt limit. Democrats have ignored runaway government  spending this year and look what is happening: Americans are paying  more at the pump and in the checkout lines than they have in years.   The debate around our Nation's debt limit provides Congress with the  opportunity to seriously address runaway government spending and rising  inflation.    But as we are here today, Democrats would  rather bypass their budget process and talk about their liberal wish  list.   