 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the crisis at our southern border. We have the humanitarian crisis  there. We have a healthcare crisis there. And we also have a national  security crisis there.   Over the last 2 weeks, as I traveled the State of Wyoming, I heard  from people all across the State about the condition of the southern  border, and not surprisingly, the people of Wyoming recognize that  there is actually a crisis at the southern border, and there is chaos  at our border.   People across the State of Wyoming are shocked--shocked--at the way  the Biden administration has been acting deliberately to weaken our  national security and security at our border. We need to strengthen our  southern border. Leaving the border open is like leaving the door to  your home open; maybe some good friends will come through the door, but  sooner or later, the wrong people will enter your home.   An open border is an open invitation, and it is an invitation to the  whole world. Now, this includes drug dealers, sex traffickers, and it  includes gang members, and it even includes terrorists. When President  Biden took office, he flipped on the green light, and he rolled out the  welcome mat. He sent a message to the world. The message was received:  The border is open.   Since President Biden took office, 600,000 illegal immigrants have  been arrested crossing the border. This is more than the entire  population of my home State of Wyoming. Border arrests have gone up  every month since President Biden has been in the White House.   Last month, a deputy Commissioner of the Border Patrol retired after  27 years in that office. His name is Robert Perez. Since leaving  office, he has had a few things to say. He said: ``What [Border Patrol  is] seeing since February . . . is absolutely unprecedented.'' He said,  ``It's a crisis unlike anything I've ever seen. . . .''   Right now, we are on the pace to 2 million illegal immigrants. That  is what we are looking at, 2 million illegal immigrants crossing the  southern border into the United States this year alone. That is the  most in two decades, and those are just the illegal immigrants that we  know about. In addition, tens of thousands of additional illegal  immigrants are coming across the border and are not being stopped.   At the same time, we are seizing more fentanyl at our border than  ever before. The numbers are astonishing. This drug is so powerful that  a fatal dose is the equivalent to just a pinch of salt. In the last 6  months, Border Patrol has seized enough fentanyl to kill every man,  woman, and child in America. Some experts will say that the amount they  have captured, in terms of the synthetic drug fentanyl, is a small  fraction of the amount that is actually getting across the border every  day. This would mean a quarter-million pounds of fentanyl is likely to  flow into the United States this year alone, and it is not just staying  at our southern border. It is in every State of the Union.   Look, this just didn't happen. Six months ago, the border was nearly  secure. Then Joe Biden was sworn into office, and he undid the  successful policies of the previous administration. He stopped building  the wall even though it has already been paid for.   Under the previous administration, asylum seekers had to remain in  Mexico until their day in court. President Biden stopped that. He ended  that policy, basically saying to everyone: Come in.   It does seem that anything the previous administration did that was  done successfully, President Biden has chosen to do the opposite. This  isn't policymaking; this is knee-jerk partisanship.   President Biden has had 6 months to fix the crisis that we are living  with today. He is only making it worse, and he is doubling down on the  mistakes he has already made. It wasn't enough to end the Remain in  Mexico policy, which was successful and which Border Patrol agents tell  me needs to be put back in place if the goal is actually to secure the  border.   Now, the Biden administration seems to be actively looking for people  who had to wait in Mexico under President Trump and let them into the  United States. He is inviting them into our country, and he is not  stopping there. He is going further.   Now, it seems like President Biden is going to open the door even  wider. Last year, at the start of the pandemic, the previous  administration closed our borders to people from coronavirus-impacted  areas. This was a decision made by the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention. They did this under title 42 of our laws. This is a section  of our laws related to public health.   Well, it is likely to have saved thousands of American lives and  protected our public health. It has also helped our Border Patrol. They  will tell you that. They will tell you that this has helped them to  stem the flow of illegal immigration over the past year.   But now, President Biden, I understand, wants to end that policy--at  least that is what the White House is telling the press. That means the  crisis at the border is going to get even worse.   You don't have to take my word for it, listen to what Democratic  Congressman from San Antonio, Congressman Henry Cuellar, had to say. He  represents a district in Texas right on the border--lives there, goes  home every weekend, talks to the people, and knows the situation on the  border. He recently said ending the title 42 order is ``going to  provide another incentive.'' He said, ``The drug cartels are going to  start saying you can come in.'' That is Congressman Cuellar, of Texas,  and I believe he is right.  [[Page S4850]]    President Biden has removed almost all of the policies protecting our  border. Title 42 is the last one standing. Now, he is going to take  this one down as well. Well, if he does, it will open the floodgates. I  would expect tens of thousands more illegal immigrants coming into the  country. It would create even more chaos from criminals all across the  land--not just from Mexico, but from all across the world, coming  across our southern border.   As a physician, I am concerned about this decision from the fentanyl  standpoint and also from the standpoint of the disease, the coronavirus  and the new variants we are all dealing with. We know that people are  coming from all over the world.   When I was at the border this spring, at the Donna facility near  McAllen, TX, the border agents said they had arrested people from more  than 50 different countries coming across that southern border from  Mexico into the United States.   Now, this includes lots of places where the vaccination rates are  much, much lower than they are in the United States and in some places  where vaccines aren't even available.   At the same time, we are seeing new variants of coronavirus rapidly  spreading across the world; variants that are coming from other places;  variants that are deadly; variants for which the vaccines that we have  here in the United States may not be as effective as we had thought or  as we would hope.   So the country's threat for all of us is real. Since the pandemic  began, more than 8,000 Border Patrol agents and officers have tested  positive for coronavirus, and 32 of these agents have died of  coronavirus.   When I visited the border, I saw firsthand how unaccompanied children  were routinely exposed to coronavirus. When I visited, roughly 1 in 10  of these young people who had tested, tested positive for coronavirus.  And they were all together in these holding pens, crammed in like  sardines, one exposing the other and the other after that. These  holding facilities packed 7,000 young people into one facility the day  we were there, and they have exposed everyone in the facility.   And, of course, after their time in the holding facility, they are  released--many of them released while positive. So as new variants  spread around the world, this puts our Nation in serious danger.   That is why Republican Senators are sending a letter to President  Biden. Our message to President Biden is this: Leave the CDC protection  under title 42 in place. The American people need it. We need it from a  public health standpoint. It protects our public health. It protects  our border agents. It strengthens our border security.   There is enough chaos at the border already--too many drugs, too many  criminals, and they are already crossing the border. We need to stop  this knee-jerk partisanship. And we need to get back to the policies  that we know work; the policies that the Border Patrol tells us work;  the policies that the Border Patrol advised the Biden transition team,  prior to Joe Biden's getting sworn in and inaugurated as President of  the United States, to keep in place.   We need to finish the wall that has already been paid for. We need to  bring back the Remain in Mexico policy. We need to enforce the law. We  need to close the loopholes. We need to slam the door shut on the drug  cartels. It is time to secure our border once and for all.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   