 Mr. President, I first want to thank my colleague and  friend Senator Carper for leading this effort with S. 51, the  Washington, D.C. Admission Act. It is long overdue that we acknowledge  an injustice in our country and give the citizens of the District of  Columbia their full representation rights by statehood.   I have been working on this issue for a long time. When I was the  speaker of the Maryland General Assembly almost 40 years ago, the  Maryland General Assembly took action to give full representation to  the people of the District in the Congress of the United States. That  was 40 years ago, and we are still working on this issue. It is long  overdue that we acknowledge a shortcoming in our own system for 700,000  residents of the District of Columbia.   I had the honor of chairing the U.S. Helsinki Commission. It is the  implementing arm for the Helsinki Final Act of the Organization for  Security and Cooperation in Europe. It has the membership of all of the  countries of Europe and the former Soviet Union, Central Asia, Canada,  and the United States. I mention that because in 1975, those countries  entered into an agreement on basic, fundamental democratic principles,  including the right to have representative government.   That document also gives us the opportunity and obligation to  question whether member states are in compliance with the Helsinki  Final Act. Quite frankly, we have used that opportunity to raise issues  in countries.   Our Presiding Officer has been very aggressive in his comments about  Russia, and we have used that to bring up the fact that Russia violated  the commitments of the Helsinki Final Act when it invaded Ukraine and  when it took over Crimea, and it is still interfering with the  sovereignty of Ukraine. We have offered our objections when Russia's  Government has stepped on the human rights of the people of its own  country--like those of Aleksei Navalny's, the opposition leader, being  imprisoned and tortured. That is in violation of the Helsinki Final  Act. We have raised those issues.   We have raised those issues about another member state, Turkey, when  they have jailed journalists or failed to allow civil society an  opportunity to be heard, for they are violations of the Helsinki Final  Act.   For us to have credibility in raising these issues of other countries  that are violating the fundamental principles, we have to self-evaluate  where we are. If we are going to be leaders, we have to acknowledge our  own shortcomings and take steps to eliminate those shortcomings.   Quite frankly, we are an outlier when it comes to the representation  for the people of the District of Columbia. We have violated their  basic rights. We are the only country in the world wherein the citizens  of its capital do not have the opportunity to vote for representatives  in the national legislature. That is not a distinction that we want to  have   The 700,000 people who live in the District are being denied  representation in their government. As has been pointed out, it is  larger than some of our States. Those States have fewer people but have  two U.S. Senators and a Member of the House of Representatives, and the  people of the District should be likewise treated.   This is not a matter of politics; this is a matter of fundamental  rights. America's strength is in our values, in who we are as a people.  Our ability to lead globally depends upon our doing the right thing at  home.   We need to give the District of Columbia that status. The House has  already done this. It passed H.R. 51. It has done this and has given  the bill to us. All we need to do now is take it up and pass it. So let  us act now, at long last, and do what is right for the people of the  District and do what is right for the people of our Nation by  correcting this violation that we have in our system. Let's pass S. 51,  led by Senator Carper, for DC statehood and make sure that America  continues to lead in democratic values around the world.   I yield the floor.   