 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this motion  is an attempt to get around the ruling that the SBA has that Planned  Parenthood is, indeed, a small business. This would allow illegal  funding of Planned Parenthood affiliates through the Paycheck  Protection Program.   Let's be very clear. Planned Parenthood is not a small business;  Planned Parenthood is a big business. This is not my allegation; this  is a ruling from the Small Business Administration. The Small Business  Administration ruled in May of 2020 that Planned Parenthood was a big  business, not a small business, and ineligible for the PPP program. The  program was intended for small businesses. The current ruling from the  Small Business Administration is, they are ineligible because they are  a big business.   This program was intended to support small businesses across the  country that were forced to lock down during COVID-19. However, the  Small Business Administration, despite having previously ruled that  they were ineligible, that they were a big business, has now unlawfully  approved nearly $100 million in taxpayer funds to Planned Parenthood.  On June 30 alone, the Small Business Administration approved four new  loans to Planned Parenthood despite a clear determination by the Small  Business Administration that these entities are ineligible. So we have  a great contradiction here. They say they are ineligible. That is the  existing rule from the Small Business Administration. Yet they are  still giving them money.   This nomination is for the position of Deputy Administrator of the  Small Business Administration, which is responsible for the Agency's  day-to-day operations and involved in all policy decisions, including  the PPP program.   The Biden administration has continued to obstruct congressional  oversight of the illegal Planned Parenthood loans, and the nominee has  refused to provide to the committee a commitment that he would take  action to recover the funds that are being disbursed illegally.   The Republican members of the Small Business Committee have continued  to make it clear that we will not allow a vote on this nominee to occur  until the Small Business Administration takes action to recover the  illegally disbursed funds to the big business known as Planned  Parenthood.   I object.   