 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Joyce for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, under the Trump administration and the Republican  majority, our Nation was energy independent for the first time in my  lifetime.   Sadly, after everything we did to become more energy independent and  grow our economy, President Biden and the Democrats have done the  opposite. As a result of the Biden administration's policies, American  jobs have been destroyed and families are paying more for everything.   The fact that Biden begged OPEC and Saudi Arabia to boost oil output  because Americans have been paying over 40 percent more at the gas pump  is a sobering example of this weak leadership, and it demonstrates how  this administration's constant assault on American energy has  embarrassed us on the world stage.   To make matters worse, the Democrats are marching full steam ahead  with more job-destroying and cost-raising policies as part of their  $3.5 trillion tax and spending spree. For example, their proposed  natural gas tax would eliminate up to 90,000 jobs in just the first  year of the program.   Whose side are they on?   It is also alarming that Democrats are proposing $150 billion to  mandate deployment of clean energy that is manufactured in China, while  at the same time China is building hundreds of coal-powered electric  generation plants around the world. They have got to be laughing at us.   This massive package--which, by the way, we still don't have the full  cost details yet--will punish American households and consumers through  higher costs while sending good paying jobs overseas.   Like I said: Whose side are they on?   Sadly, this isn't anything new. President Biden has continued to hand  our adversaries like Russia and China victory after victory while  chipping away at our energy dominance.   Madam Speaker, I urge President Biden and the Democrats to put  Americans first by ending their war on fossil fuels and instead work  with Republicans on policies that will get our Nation back on the road  to energy independence.   