 Mr. President, on September 9, President Biden announced  that his Department of Labor, through OSHA, would issue a vaccine  mandate covering more than 80 million privately employed Americans.  Violators would be subject to significant financial penalties.   This mandate makes medical decisions for much of the American people  with the stroke of a pen, and it immediately struck me as severe  Federal overreach. Therefore, the next day, I wrote to the Secretary of  Labor to confirm that he would submit this mandate to Congress for  review under the Congressional Review Act. In that letter, I noted that  Americans' elected representatives should review an order that  threatens the livelihoods of many of their constituents.   I am pleased to join Senator Braun and a majority of my Senate  colleagues in supporting this resolution to disapprove President  Biden's vaccine mandate.   Regarding the mandate itself, I want to first say that I support the  vaccine, which is a product of President Trump's Operation Warp Speed.  I visited my doctor, and I made the personal choice to take the  vaccine. I have spoken to many Tennesseans and have urged them to do  the same. But the decision to take the vaccine is a personal one. It is  a decision that each American should be allowed to make in consultation  with his or her doctor, not under Federal threat of job loss and  financial penalty. This mandate improperly puts the Federal Government  between Americans and their doctors and between Americans and their  jobs.   Tens of millions of essential workers were asked to risk their health  for the good of the country during the pandemic. They courageously  responded to this call. Many of them--many of them--contracted the  virus. Yet now we are telling these heroes, from frontline healthcare  workers to the employees who made sure we had access to groceries and  essential goods, that they will be fired unless they comply  [[Page S9029]]  with the vaccine mandate. They deserve better.   Not only is this vaccine mandate wrong, but it was promptly declared  unlawful by the U.S. Court of Appeals. Other Biden administration  vaccine mandates are meeting similar fates in the courts. Yet the Biden  administration refuses to relent or reevaluate the damage that it is  doing.   Sadly, the Biden administration's use of Federal Government power to  control the American people's lives is not limited to vaccine mandates;  it is a basic element of their strategy to remake America. Don't  believe me? Just look at the Democrats' so-called Build Back Better  proposal. The Biden administration is marketing this legislation to  transform America by using a cartoon depicting a mom and her son and  the government programs on which they would depend under this plan from  the very beginning of their lives to the very end. That is the  definition of cradle-to-grave, Big Government dependency, and that is  the stated goal of the Democrats' legislation.   This legislation federalizes preschool and childcare, which will  crowd out community- and faith-based providers and put the Federal  Government in charge of what your children are taught during their most  formative years.   If this was about children, then parents would be allowed to choose  the preschool or childcare provider that is best for their children,  but, instead, it is about control. So the government would ultimately  decide which preschools and which childcare providers would survive.   The Build Back Better legislation increases by 10 times the penalties  on private employers for violating the vaccine mandate. Now, a willful  violation can result in a $700,000 fine and must result in a minimum  fine of $50,000. In other words, small businesses that fail to comply  will face financial ruin.   When it comes to employment, if you are one of the millions of  Americans who work in the oil and gas industry, the Build Back Better  plan delivers $550 billion worth of crushing Green New Deal mandates  and tax increases. It replaces these good-paying jobs with $8 billion  to the Civilian Climate Corps, a taxpayer-funded climate police.   Once your job is gone or your business is closed, the Build Back  Better proposal offers government welfare programs with no work  requirements. This attacks the dignity of work and right of self- determination that underscores what it means to be American--again,  more government control.   By providing $80 billion in increased IRS funding--a staggering six  times the current IRS budget--the Biden administration is planning to  wring an extra $400 billion out of the American people to pay for all  of this Big Government. With everyone from small business owners to  grandparents now facing regular audits and IRS spying on their bank  accounts, the government will have much greater control over how  Americans earn and how they spend their money.   In sharp contrast, Republicans want to put Americans, not the Federal  Government, in control of their lives. We want to strengthen the  American dream so that Americans can free themselves from government  dependency. We oppose Big Government socialism that imposes greater  Federal control over Americans' lives.   In the coming weeks, Members of this body will be asked a very simple  question, whether on the vaccine mandate or the Build Back Better  legislation: Do you believe the Federal Government should have more  control over American lives? Their answers are crucial for the future  of our country. Is cradle-to-grave government dependency something to  help Americans avoid or is it something to strive for? Should personal  healthcare decisions be made by Americans or by government agencies? Do  parents know what is best for their children or should bureaucrats and  teachers unions decide? Are you willing to eliminate good-paying energy  jobs? Should the IRS have more power to spy on the American people?   Over the next weeks, all of us must decide what kind of country we  will have. My hope is that we will preserve and strengthen the American  dream by empowering Americans to determine their own futures, to climb  the ladder of success, and to free themselves from government  dependency--not treat them with a lack of dignity that suggests that  the very best they can hope for is a life managed by the Federal  Government.   The first opportunity to provide an answer is the upcoming vote on  this resolution disapproving President Biden's vaccine mandate. I have  been pleased to work with Senator Braun to bring this resolution to the  floor, and I urge all of my colleagues to support its adoption.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   