 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it has been more than a year now since  the first COVID-19 case was confirmed here in the United States. As the  war against this virus has been fought, it has evolved over the last 12  months, and our country has been challenged like never before in my  memory.   Healthcare workers across the country have heroically battled this  cruel virus, often with insufficient equipment and personnel. Frontline  workers in delivery trucks, grocery stores, and other essential  businesses have kept the cogs of society running.   As a whole, we have hunkered down and tried to stop the spread of the  virus until enough Americans could get vaccinated. We all have come to  realize that is really the gold standard in defeating this virus. The  Trump administration launched Operation Warp Speed to accelerate the  research and development of therapeutics and vaccines to move us toward  that goal as soon as possible.   Just last summer, when President Trump predicted we would have an  effective vaccine by the end of the year, there was some serious  skepticism--and you might even call it blowback--from some of the  critics. One media outlet published a fact check saying it would  require nothing short of a ``medical miracle'' to have a vaccine by the  end of last year.   Thanks to the leadership on a bipartisan basis here and the marvels  of science and human ingenuity, that so-called miracle came true not  once but twice, and we are expecting more vaccines to eventually be  approved in the near term. The world's brightest scientific minds used  the foundation built by decades of vaccine research to craft lifesaving  and, in fact, world-changing vaccines.   Less than 11 months after the first COVID-19 case was discovered in  the United States, the very first vaccine was administered after it was  approved--11 months. The number of Americans who have been vaccinated  against COVID-19 is growing every day, and so far, more than 24.5  million doses have been administered nationwide.   Nearly 2 million of those doses have gone into the arms of my fellow  Texans. Texas became the first State to administer 1 million doses--an  accomplishment that underscores the hard work of our State and local  leaders and our public health officials, our private partners and  healthcare workers.   Every day, our public health experts are evaluating the current  distribution process to make improvements and speed up the vaccination  process. The State has now set up mass vaccination hubs to expedite  distribution and administer as many doses as they can as quickly as  they can.   While these sites are an efficient way to administer vaccines to  Texans, we need to do more in rural parts of the country. I was glad to  see in my State Governor Abbott's announcement that the State is  launching a mobile vaccine pilot program to ramp up vaccination efforts  in rural parts of the State. Those vaccinations kick off today, and  with the support of our incredible Texas National Guardsmen, more at- risk Texans will be vaccinated against this virus.   With currently two approved vaccines and potentially more on the way,  we are beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel, and it is  getting bigger and brighter every day. But we can't take our foot off  the gas--we all know that. Just as we led an aggressive effort to  develop vaccines, it is time to redouble our efforts to distribute  those vaccines.   I worry we are not starting off on a strong footing. In December,  President-Elect Biden announced his administration's goals to get 100  million shots in the arms of Americans within the first 100 days of his  Presidency. That announcement came about a week before the first doses  of the vaccine were distributed--before we had a real-world test of the  processes that had been in planning for months.   We are now several weeks into this nationwide vaccination campaign,  and the Biden administration has stuck by this initial benchmark. The  President has repeatedly described this as an ``ambitious goal''--a  statement that has led to a fair amount of head-scratching, not because  it is too aggressive, as some people thought President Trump's proposed  vaccine delivery date was, but because it is too modest.   One physician and public health expert described this as ``a  disappointingly low bar.'' An Associated Press headline evaluated the  situation pretty well when it said: ``Biden's early approach to virus:  Underpromise, overdeliver.''   The truth is, we were largely on track to meet President Biden's  ambitious goal even before he took the oath of office. On Inauguration  Day, more than 1.6 million doses had been administered, and over the  last week, the average number of vaccinations has exceeded 1.5 million  a day. It is hard to really frame this as a goal when in reality you  could throw the entire operation on cruise control and surpass it.   On Monday evening, President Biden appeared to up the target to 150  million doses in the first 100 days, which would track with the 1.5  million doses we are currently seeing administered. But the White House  Press Secretary walked back that claim the following day.   One hundred million doses in 100 days is certainly catchy, and I have  no doubt the administration has tried to underpromise so it can be seen  as overdelivering. That is not altogether a bad strategy. But the goal  here is not to set a target you are almost certain to meet. After all,  we didn't see the previous administration set a target of a successful  vaccine by the summer of 2021, which is what many experts believed to  be the most feasible. So I  [[Page S189]]  would urge the administration and all of us to accede to a truly  ambitious vaccination schedule and motivate the newly assembled team at  the White House to achieve it and to provide the resources that they  may need from Congress in order for them to execute that plan. There is  no reason to stick to a goal we were on track to meet before President  Biden was even sworn in.    President Biden, of course, ran a campaign criticizing the previous  administration's handling of the COVID-19 virus, and he campaigned on  the promise to lead us out of that crisis. But this modest goal is not  going to get us there fast enough.   Researchers at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston say we need to  be vaccinating 3 million people a day. That is double the pace we are  seeing right now and triple the Biden administration's self-described  ambitious plan.   The past year has been full of scientific developments and bold  action by Congress and the administration to develop and distribute  vaccines to the American people. We simply can't afford to put it in  cruise control now. Our only option is to mobilize every resource and  to push as hard and as fast as we can to get the American people  vaccinated and to finally bring an end to this pandemic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   