 Mr. Speaker, I would agree with the gentleman. Our  families are hurting. Our farmers are suffering, and our small  businesses are failing from the shutdown policies of Democrat governors  like mine in Virginia. They need our support as we manage through this  pandemic.   But what they don't need is a $1.9 trillion package packed full of  Democrat wish list items that will cripple our economy, including a  minimum wage increase that would destroy 1.3 million jobs, according to  the CBO, and hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars to bail out  poorly run State governments.   Mr. Speaker, 1 month ago the last COVID relief bill, nearly $1  trillion, was signed into law and, together with previously enacted  stimulus laws, over $1 trillion remains unspent. In fact, the CBO, just  this week, announced that they project our economy to bounce back over  the next several months, without trillions of dollars in additional  stimulus aid from Congress, and that much of our recovery hinges on the  removal of these shutdown requirements and the pace of vaccinations.  That is where our focus should be, ensuring that those who want to be  vaccinated receive it, and ensuring that we reopen our businesses and  schools as soon as possible.   As a new member of the Budget Committee--or I hope to be a new member  of the Budget Committee; we haven't even organized yet for this  Congress--I am outraged by the slipshod way this resolution is being  rammed through the House. It is like being a member of the Judiciary  Committee and having impeachment rushed directly to the floor without  hearings. Whoops, did that.   I see the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee still here. I  don't know that he would like it so much if we had tax bills that came  directly to the floor without going through Ways and Means.   What is next, a farm bill that doesn't go through the Agriculture  Committee? A transportation bill that doesn't go through the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee?   You know, the circus being run by House leadership gives a bad name  to circuses everywhere.   