 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, during the first 4 months of 2021, more  than half a million migrants have crossed our southern border--a half a  million--including more than 50,000 unaccompanied children. Now, nobody  really believes that those children got there all by themselves. The  truth is, they have been smuggled to the border and crossed the border  only to be picked up by Border Patrol, taken care of, as we would all  hope they would be, and ultimately be placed with U.S. sponsors. I will  have more to say about that in a moment.   In the same period of time last year, there were fewer than 125  migrants who crossed our border, including just over 10,000 children-- half a million so far this year, 125,000 last year, 50,000 children so  far this year, 10,000 last year during the same period of time. Put  simply, this is not normal, nor should it be the standard operating  procedure for the U.S. Government. The truth is, our country lacks the  facilities, the personnel, the resources, and the policies to handle  this sort of influx of humanity in a humane way.   Back in March, the President tapped Vice President Harris to handle  the border crisis, but we have seen no progress to date. In fact, the  Vice President, I believe, is in Guatemala today, and she hasn't even  been to our southern border. She hasn't visited the facilities where  tens of thousands of migrant children have been cared for. And she  hasn't listened to the migrants' horrifying stories of how they were  treated by the human smugglers that brought them to the border.   We do know the Vice President is finally hitting the trail this week  to talk about the border crisis. But that seems to be all it is, is  talk. The only problem is, she is not visiting the border. She is not  even in her home State of California, which has a border with Mexico.  She is in Guatemala.   As law enforcement, nongovernmental organizations, and border  communities are being overwhelmed by the surge of migration, the Vice  President is meeting with foreign leaders. Now, there is nothing  inherently wrong about meeting with foreign leaders, but, surely, she  can't think that a conversation with the President of Guatemala is  going to solve the human crisis at our border.   The Border Patrol will tell you, as they have told me, mass migration  like this is a product of two different actions. One is the so-called  push factors, which means people who lack economic opportunity; maybe  they are fleeing violence; maybe they just want to come to America to  be reunited with some other relatives; and certainly the human  smugglers are more than happy at $5,000, and more, a head to help them.  But these smugglers, as I intimated a moment ago, are a part of  transnational criminal organizations that care nothing for these  migrants. They just care about the money. And what they do is they  flood the border with unaccompanied children, for example, taking as  many as 40 percent of the Border Patrol off the frontlines in the war  against illegal drugs coming across the border. And when the Border  Patrol is not there--surprise, surprise--the very drugs that  contributed to the loss of about 80,000 lives last year in America  alone come flowing across, whether it is heroin or cocaine or  artificial opioids. You name it, it is coming across the border by the  same people who are moving the migrants across the border. Again, they  are commodity agnostic. They will do anything for a buck, and they care  nothing about the migrants at all.   Well, imagine calling 9-1-1 when your home is on fire and watching as  they hose down your neighbor's house instead. That is what it feels  like watching the Vice President down in Central America.   For years, the United States has tried to address the crime and  corruption in Central America with very limited success. Do they have  some modest role in the crisis? Well, yes, but that is hardly where the  Vice President's attention should be focused right now. Particularly,  she should be focused--and the President focused--on working with us on  policies that Congress would pass that would mitigate this humanitarian  crisis.   Former Senator Harris's list of legislative accomplishments and her  experience solving complex policy problems is not particularly deep.  But rather than be critical, I would like to offer a suggestion.   In April, Senator Sinema--the Senator from Arizona--and I introduced  the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act to address this unfettered flow of  migration. She is concerned about Arizona; I am concerned about Texas.  But the truth is, I am concerned about America writ large.   We have been proud to work in a bicameral way, too, with two of our  friends on the other side of the Capitol: Congressman Henry Cuellar, a  Democrat from Laredo, TX; and Tony Gonzales, from the 23rd  congressional district. The four of us live in and represent border  States and districts. We have spent time--a lot of time--listening and  learning from the men and women who are committed to safeguarding our  border and those who care for the migrants and those who live in these  border communities.   There are a lot of people out there who will talk about what is  happening at the border who have never actually been there, so how in  the world would they possibly know? They inaccurately characterize  border communities as unsafe, lawless places. That is not true.  [[Page S3949]]  They villainize the Border Patrol and other law enforcement Agencies  like ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Remember the ``Abolish  ICE'' slogan? They are criticizing these public servants for actually  enforcing the laws that Congress has passed. Congress passed those  laws. These brave men and women are simply executing the laws that  Congress itself has passed.   Well, unfortunately, there is a lot of talk here in Washington by  people who offer blanket solutions that have nothing to do, or very  little, with solving the complex problems that exist. The fact of the  matter is, my State of 29 million people has a beautiful, safe, and  vibrant border region. I was there last Wednesday, last. The men and  women who lead and protect these communities are doing everything they  can to fairly and humanely respond to the crisis. But they are being  overwhelmed, and they are not getting much help from the Federal  Government.    The same is true across our entire southern border. At her  invitation, I visited Tucson last Tuesday, a very different border  region than we visited on Wednesday, where Senator Sinema came to  McAllen, at my request, in the Rio Grande Valley.   I appreciate her and her staff taking the time to learn more about  the differences in the border in my State from her State. And I  certainly learned a lot by traveling to Tucson and meeting with her  constituents.   In Arizona, we visited a soft-sided Customs and Border Protection  facility where migrants are processed, and the Tucson sector chief  talked about the broad responsibilities his agents have in these  facilities.   As I suggested a moment ago, normally, the Border Patrol is  responsible for patrolling the border. That is why they call them the  Border Patrol. But now they are encountering unaccompanied children and  have to leave those frontlines--about 40 percent of them--just to take  care of them at these CBP, Customs and Border Protection, facilities.   Well, we need the Border Patrol on the border, patrolling the border  so they can deal with everything from encountering a child abandoned by  human smugglers to a tractor full of human trafficking victims. They  might, and will and do, interdict drugs, weapons, money, or any of a  number of contraband being smuggled across the border. Again, as some  wise person coined the phrase ``commodity agnostic,'' these  transnational criminal organizations that really bring people into the  United States from worldwide locations but principally from Mexico and  Central America--all they care about is the money.   In the Tucson sector alone, 103 agents were pulled from the field  because somebody needed to take care of the migrants. Now they are  doing everything from changing diapers to serving meals, to supervising  playtime for the children--103 law enforcement officers in the Tucson  sector alone who should be stopping dangerous people and dangerous  substances from entering our country instead of acting as caretakers  and not creating serious gaps in our border security.   Of course, the cartels--these criminal organizations--are pretty  smart. This is actually part of their business model. They know that if  they flood the border with unaccompanied children, for example, the  Border Patrol is going to leave huge gaps that are then going to be  exploited by the drug smugglers.   They know about the vulnerabilities that exist on our border. They  know about our laws and policies, and they are actively exploiting  them. And we are basically letting them. Shame on us.   In the Rio Grande Valley last week, we spoke with a number of law  enforcement and community leaders, including the National Border Patrol  Council president, Brandon Judd. Brandon told us that, this year,  individuals from 151 different countries were processed at the Donna  Processing Facility. This is one processing facility in Donna, TX, in  the Rio Grande Valley. Last year, they processed people from 151  different countries.   A couple of weeks ago, Customs and Border Protection at the Laredo  Port of Entry made a seizure of hard narcotics worth more than $3.5  million of street value. This wasn't from an entire week's worth of  drug interdictions; this came from two vehicles that they stopped. One  had 20 pounds of cocaine in it; the other had more than 167 pounds of  methamphetamine.   This strain on law enforcement poses serious risks to our entire  country. The criminals, the drugs, the weapons, and other illegal goods  that cross our border are heading to every corner of the United States.  And if you think they are stopping at the border, think again. They are  traveling to all 50 of the United States.   And while unaccompanied children have become the face of this crisis,  there is a ripple effect that extends far and wide. Border Patrol,  ultimately, doesn't have the capacity to provide safe and thorough care  for these children and patrol our borders and interdict dangerous  substances and enforce our laws. Agents are spread a mile wide and an  inch deep, and something has got to change.   This is where the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act comes in. We  provide for two major changes in the way that migrants are processed to  alleviate the strain on law enforcement and improve the way we process  and care for migrants when they are in our custody. One, the bill  establishes at least four regional processing centers in high-traffic  areas. It is, in effect, a ``one stop shop'' for the various government  Agencies involved in processing migrants. CBP, Customs and Border  Protection; ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement; FEMA, the Federal  Emergency Management Agency; the USCIS, U.S. Customs and Immigration  Service; and the Office of Refugee Resettlement will all be housed  under a single roof.   Migrants can receive medical screenings, have their identities  verified, and go through a criminal history check all in one place. And  then they will begin the legal process of seeking asylum if, in fact,  that is what they are doing. They will complete their asylum  interviews, go through legal orientation so they know their rights, and  receive the documents and information they need to appear for their  future court date in front of an immigration judge.   Our bill also addresses the staffing shortages that have made this  situation much more challenging. It requires the hiring of hundreds of  CBP officers and Border Patrol processing coordinators so agents can  get back on the frontlines. In other words, these processing  coordinators aren't going to be Border Patrol agents who are highly  trained law enforcement officers. We want them back on the frontlines.  But if it comes to processing the migrants and preparing the paperwork,  we believe these processing coordinators can help.   Our legislation also calls for 150 new immigration judge teams, 300  asylum officers, ICE litigation teams, and other personnel to help  adjudicate these asylum claims.   Right now, the system is completely overwhelmed, and that is exactly  what the human smugglers--what we call the coyotes--are planning on.  Everybody in Texas along the border, everybody in Arizona, and  everybody who lives or works along the border understands what is  happening. Again, that is why it would be so instructive for Vice  President Harris to actually go to the border.   In order to gain a handle on the mass movement of migrants, we need  to make these commonsense changes. When it comes to children, it is not  enough to ensure they are safely processed by Border Patrol and then  transferred to Health and Human Services' custody. We also need to make  sure these children are safe after they have been placed with sponsors  in the United States and told to appear for a future court hearing. In  most cases, children are released to parents or other relatives, but  not always.   HHS reports that in 2021, more than 1,000 children have been released  to unrelated individuals or distant relatives they don't even know.  While these may be legitimate caretakers, it can also open the door for  these children to be exploited or trafficked.   In 2014, the Office of Refugee Resettlement placed eight children  with members of a human trafficking ring who posed as family or  friends. These children were forced to work on an egg farm in Ohio for  no pay for 12 hours a  [[Page S3950]]  day, 6 or 7 days a week. They lived in deplorable conditions, and they  were threatened with violence if they didn't comply. These distant  relatives, unbeknownst to these children, and these unrelated  individuals are a big cause for concern, but not the only one.   Before a child is released into the custody of anyone--a parent,  grandparent, aunt, or uncle--this person must be thoroughly vetted by  the Federal Government because we simply can't hand a child over to  somebody who is going to be a danger to them. There is no vetting  requirement, though, for other people who live in the same home. And  those of us who have dealt with the scourge of child abuse know that  about anybody living in the same home with a minor child--particularly,  an unaccompanied child who has undergone the trauma of moving from  Central America to the United States is going to be a potential victim.   You can have a trustworthy individual identified as taking care of  the child, but abuse could be happening under the roof by another  person who lives there. Why do we say that? Because, sadly, it happens  all the time. Or, heaven forbid, the parent or the relative is the one  who decides to exploit the child themselves.   What is being done to prevent this abuse? As it turns out, not a lot  by the Federal Government. The Health and Human Services Department  requires safety and well-being check-in calls to be made to sponsors  within 30 days after a child has been released. But in 2021 alone, the  data shows that 18 percent, nearly one in five children, could not be  reached after 30 days. Phone calls were not answered. Door knocks were  not responded to. And that means that hundreds of children released to  the care of these adults in the United States on our watch are lost to  the system. We don't know if they are in a safe home or if they are a  victim of trafficking or abuse, or whether they simply disappeared,  whether they have been recruited into a gang. The U.S. Government  simply does not know where they are and what is happening to them. This  is a national scandal.   Senator Sinema and I are committed to passing this legislation that  provides these critical protections for these children who already have  endured a lot of pain and suffering--a lot more than any child should.   Our bill would require criminal background checks, not only for the  child's sponsor but for any other adult living in the household. It  will bar children from being placed in the custody of anyone who has  been convicted of sex offenses, domestic violence, human trafficking,  child abuse, or other serious crimes. The U.S. Government simply can't  check a box once they have placed a child with a sponsor in the United  States. After the initial 30-day checkup, we require another 60-day  checkup--as a matter of fact, every 60 days.   Protections for children, streamlined processes, more personnel-- these are commonsense reforms that will address the most urgent issues  currently on our southern border.   Bipartisanship, as we know, is in short supply these days, especially  when it comes to the debate surrounding immigration and border  security. We have folks in both parties and in both Chambers of  Congress lined up behind this particular bill. I hope we can add more  bipartisan cosponsors.   Our bill has already been endorsed by a broad range of law  enforcement, immigration, and business groups--for example, the  National Border Patrol Council, National Immigration Forum, and U.S.  Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. I could go on and on.   As I have said before, and I will say again in closing, if anybody  has a better idea, I am all ears. But, right now, all we hear is  crickets. No one is offering any bipartisan, bicameral solutions-- anything close to what we have described here. This isn't meant to be  comprehensive immigration reform. It is a targeted solution to the most  urgent problems at hand.   I would be happy to offer this legislation to Vice President Harris  or President Biden as a solution to the crisis on our southern border.  I am happy to meet with them. Senator Sinema, I am sure, feels the  same, and Congressman Cuellar and Congressman Gonzalez.   We are interested in fixing the problem, not scoring political  points, and we can't afford to wait years or maybe even decades to see  the circumstances in Central America change. After all, then-Vice  President Biden was tapped to solve this identical problem by President  Obama. Let me say that again: Vice President Biden was tapped to solve  this identical problem by President Obama. Not only was he  unsuccessful, but, as we know, it has gotten worse since that time.   We need urgent action to address the crisis we are experiencing today  at our Nation's border and the Bipartisan Border Solutions Act is an  important first step.   