 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   We know that decades of Federal disinvestment have failed the  American  [[Page H4059]]  people. Yet, this amendment attempts to gut the seven appropriations  bills included in this package that will deliver critical funding and  services to the American people.   Coming from a coastal State, Rhode Island's roads and bridges cannot  withstand rising sea levels and more violent storms. College students  are struggling to afford both textbooks and groceries, and thousands of  Americans do not have internet access at home.   These projects will be addressed by the historic investments in  working people and families included in this minibus, but the drastic  cuts included in this amendment will derail this progress.   This legislation will provide students receiving the maximum Pell  grant with an additional $400 next school year, establish a civilian  climate corps to promote conservation and fight the climate crisis, and  create thousands of well-paying jobs rebuilding our Nation's  infrastructure.   Notably, it will address some of the most pressing challenges facing  Rhode Islanders by providing over $9 million for nine community  projects in the State.   I thank Chairwoman DeLauro and members of the Committee on  Appropriations for the extraordinary work they have done. This is the  set of appropriations bills we can be very proud of because it is  investing in working families.   I just heard one of my Republican colleagues squawk about spending  money. This is the same group of people who voted for $1.2 trillion tax  cuts for the richest people in this country, the biggest corporations-- unpaid for--and they were all happy with that.   Madam Speaker, this is different. We are investing in working people,  in creating jobs for middle-class families, making sure of the  investments that are necessary to get people back to work. This is  something we should all be proud of. I urge everyone to defeat this  amendment and pass this bill without delay.   Madam Speaker, again, I end with deep gratitude to the extraordinary  chair of the Committee on Appropriations for putting together  appropriations bills that reflect the values of our great country.   