 Madam Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague from  Missouri for this opportunity.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in objection to the so-called Equality  Act. Once again, under the guise of equality, the left is prioritizing  its radical agenda over religious freedom, the well-being of children,  and the safety of women and girls.   As the father of three daughters and the grandfather of nine  granddaughters, I am outraged at the assault that this bill launches on  women in sports. And furthermore, as a healthcare practitioner, I am  infuriated at its blatant attack on the conscience rights and religious  freedoms of those in the healthcare industry.   This bill is not about preventing discrimination in medical  treatment, it is about forcing medical professionals to abandon their  conscience rights and medical judgment to comply with the left's  extreme views on gender.   The Equality Act would prohibit physicians from counseling children  with gender dysphoria. Instead, they would be required to administer  dangerous medical treatments, including puberty blockers, cross-sex  hormones, and surgeries.   This mandate contradicts science. Increasingly, we are finding that  these treatments compound these children's confusion rather than  solving it. The catastrophic effects leave children physically and  psychological scarred and often render them sterile. It is nothing  short of child abuse.   The left will not tolerate disagreement with its view on gender. They  provide no conscience protections and explicitly state that the  Religious Freedom Restoration Act does not apply to this new definition  of sex. Physicians refusing to perform these harmful treatments would  be punished, even if they object because of religious or moral  convictions.   The Equality Act is another attempt by the left to promote its  radical agenda and suppress everyone else who disagrees. We must fight  for the conscience rights and religious freedoms of our medical  professionals, and we must stop our children from being used as pawns  in the game of political correctness.   