 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Dusty Johnson and    John Garamendi for their work on this bill.   While I support this bill, I do have concerns about the process under  which it has been brought to the floor, and whether, by itself, it will  have much impact on the supply difficulties we are currently facing.   Neither a hearing nor a markup was held on this bill. Given its  complexity, I believe a hearing and a markup would have given Members a  better opportunity to fully understand and perhaps improve the bill.   The bill gives the Federal Maritime Commission, the FMC, enhanced  authorities to prevent ocean carriers, who operate ships in the  container trade, from engaging in anticompetitive activities in regards  to shippers, and give shippers enhanced input into the FMC complaint  process.   I have concerns about giving bureaucrats at the Federal Maritime  Commission more authority to insert themselves into privately held  contractual agreements. However, it appears to a great extent, the  delays, port congestion, and higher shipping prices are due primarily  to short-term contracts, unwillingness or inability to share data by  all parties to operate efficiently, equipment shortages, lack of  warehouse space, chassis truck and train capacity, and labor issues,  rather than anticompetitive practices by ocean shippers.   If ocean carriers were the sole problem, we would not see container  ships waiting for weeks to unload. Ag exports are at record highs for  some commodities, and it is unfortunate that some of the ag shipments  have not been able to make it on ships in a timely and efficient  manner. However, it is not clear to me that the decision that led to  these products from being stranded are due to practices that are  anticompetitive under U.S. law.   This bill would prohibit carriers from unreasonably declining cargo  that can be safely and timely loaded and is going to a port on the  ship's itinerary. It will be curious to see how often this provision is  used.   As I said, I am willing to support this bill to assure that detention  and demurrage is used as an incentive to move cargo efficiently, not-- as some have claimed--as an indiscriminate corporate profit center, and  to provide shippers additional protections.   However, as has been said by the sponsor, this bill isn't perfect and  there is still more work to be done. I expect it to address the supply  chain more broadly and not assume that alleged anticompetitive behavior  by ocean carriers is the sole cause of the current supply chain  disruption.   The legislation needed must, number one, be comprehensive and look at  long-term port truck chassis, train, intermodal connection, and  warehouse capacity needs.   Two, assure the availability of transparent, enforceable contracts to  assure goods can be shipped at the agreed time and cost;   And three, improve data sharing among the parties in the supply to  assure that everyone knows where and when they must have equipment to  move containers efficiently.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation and ask that we  continue to work to address the whole supply chain crisis.   