 Madam President, I have come to the floor several times in  the little over 2 years I have been here, and a common theme--and I  think we all know it as Senators--is that our healthcare system is  broken. It is driven by misaligned industry incentives that promote  opaque, behind-the-scenes pricing maneuvers at the expense of patients  and healthcare consumers.   Increased transparency is the key to fixing our broken healthcare  system. It will allow Americans to have skin in the game and deal  directly with their healthcare providers to make informed decisions.  They cannot do that very well currently.   Pulling the curtain back on a healthcare system to restore market  forces, which aren't really there now, to increase innovation and  competition, particularly in regard to price, quality, and service--you  do that with anything else. A consumer is engaged, they are informed,  and you have many competitors competing for their business.   In order for Americans to regain their sovereignty in a healthcare  system, you need the ability to be able to navigate accordingly.  Congress must act to provide Americans with these tools before we try  to throw more government at a broken healthcare system.   Government pays for a portion of healthcare; more is paid through the  private sector. If we reform it, it makes it less expensive for both  payers. To give you an example, sometimes what you hear here sounds  like it is theoretical, hypothetical. I took on the cause roughly 12,  13 years ago in my Main Street enterprise that was just starting to  grow, doing the things it was supposed to do, and that is  transportation distribution. Then all of a sudden, healthcare becomes a  subset of your business, and about the only solution you would get each  year is, well, you are lucky it is not going up more than 5 or 10  percent.   I heard that too many years in a row. I was sick and tired of that  being what I would have to live with as a CEO who had a healthy,  successful business other than the healthcare component. What did I do?  Healthcare plans are basically made up of three or four features.   You have your deductible. Ours had risen more than I was willing to  take it up any higher. The only way you could buy premiums down would  be to do that or change underwriters every 2 or 3 years. That gets to  be a hassle as you become a larger company, and the profits were so  great then for people who did it, you could end up bringing your cost  down. Well, then you were right back in the old groove of, you are  lucky it is only going up 5 to 10 percent the next year on renewal.   You also have coinsurance. Most people don't worry about that until  they get significantly ill or have a bad accident. That is the  percentage you have to pay once you exceed your deductible.   When you have those variables, you have one other item that almost  everyone loves in their plan, and that is a low copayment. Those  copayments are paid for in the high premiums, but it is because they  constitute nearly 25 percent of most healthcare plans, and that is to  keep skin out of the game for the people who use the system.   Well, I was going to do something different and decided to limit that  expense when you really get sick or have a bad accident, covered  coinsurance through the company, and asked my employees to engage from  dollar one in shopping around and see if that would work.   Lo and behold, it has now been 13 years, and we have been able to  keep a good plan in place, lower family healthcare premium  contributions, and have not had a premium increase. What is it based  upon? It is finding the meager transparency that was out there 12, 13  years ago and enhancing it over time. To give an example, if you pick  up the phone, you get on the web, you will find anywhere from 30, 50,  60, 70  [[Page S1589]]  percent savings. Procedures like MRIs, CAT scans, colonoscopies can run  anywhere from 700 to 3,000 bucks. Your insurance companies seem to  always shove you to the most expensive one. They give you these huge  discounts, take their margin out of it, and it still costs you a  bundle.   When the consumer gets engaged, you will see prices start to come  down. LASIK surgery is the best example, where you have no insurance  involved. Ten, fifteen years ago, that could be up to $2,000 an eye.  Now, it is advertised heavily, providers go after their customers, and  you can probably get it done for as little as $250 to $500 an eye, with  better quality. That sounds like a lot of other areas of our economy  that actually work.   Last Congress, I put healthcare transparency at the forefront of my  agenda and have definitely been the most outspoken Senator that we have  a broken system; put almost all the blame on the industry itself  because it does not give us transparency. It does not want to compete.  The healthcare customer is somewhat to blame because they don't want to  pay for anything. And I don't think the answer is bringing more  government into it until you reform the system.   We need to shine light on the dark corners and the misaligned  incentives embedded in the current system. Among the bills I will  reintroduce this Congress is the Healthcare PRICE Transparency Act.  Every Senator should want to be on that bill to hold the industry  accountable. This will empower patients through transparency. It will  drive competition among hospitals and insurers by requiring them to  publicly disclose their prices so patients can compare between  providers and insurers.   Last Congress, a number of my colleagues joined in my effort to bring  more transparency and affordability to healthcare consumers. I am  excited to reintroduce the Healthcare PRICE Transparency Act soon and  hope all of my colleagues will join in so that we can collectively  lower healthcare costs before we try to get more government involved   I yield the floor.    Madam President, this past year has been hard on Hoosiers  and Americans across the country. When the economy was shut down,  Congress got to work. Given my background as a business owner, I was  involved in negotiating the Paycheck Protection Program, known as PPP,  as part of the CARES Act, one of five bills that passed in 2020 with  overwhelming support, I think 90-plus votes. We worked it out,  Democrats and Republicans, together.   Those COVID-related packages totaled $4 trillion, and we didn't have  a penny saved up ahead of time to prepare for it. That is part of a  deeper problem with this institution, is that we borrow anything that  we spend money on, even 23 percent of our annual operating budget. To  put that in perspective, imagine if you had a business doing $100,000  in revenue, and you are losing $23,000, and then you go to your banker  and expect them to bail you out. It wouldn't make sense.   We came into 2021 with over $1 trillion from those packages unspent,  unobligated. Instead of working with us like before, Democrats did shut  us out of the process. In fact, the Senate as a whole did not work the  bill through committees. It was laid to us, on the Senate, by the  House, all $1.9 trillion of it.   Before this, some Republicans went to the White House to talk with  the President about a bipartisan plan, knowing all the money would be  borrowed again, but nothing came to fruition. Instead, we stayed up all  night;  [[Page S1600]]  finished the bill at noon the next day, Saturday; spent 29 hours on the  floor, and not a single Republican amendment was adopted in this  massive spending bill.   Instead of focusing on the virus and getting our economy back on  track, this became an exercise in ramming something through that was a  liberal wish list. Only 1 percent of the bill--1 percent of the bill-- went toward the vaccine. Less than 9 percent goes toward COVID-19  public health issues generally.   While the Congressional Budget Office projects the economy to return  to prepandemic levels by midyear, only 5 percent of the $130 billion  for K-12 schools gets spent this year, and none of it is tied to  reopening our schools, which many States had shut down early and opened  up late.   Included in this package is a whopping $350 billion for State and  local governments. I had a conversation with our own Governor 2, 3  weeks ago. A place like Indiana, and I believe West Virginia as well,  probably runs balanced budgets. We do it with the guardrail of a  constitutional amendment. Many other States, if they don't have a  constitutional amendment, they have a statute. In other words, you do  what households do. You do what all businesses do. You live within your  means. And here, when you run your State governments in a way that in  good times, you can't make ends meet, and you look to the Federal  Government to bail out your bad governance, it is a whole nother issue.   Even left-leaning economists and think tanks are worried about what  this is going to do down the road because most of the time, you don't  feel the repercussions until later. And, of course, that could show up  in inflation. It could show up in a way similar to what we dealt with  in the late seventies and the early eighties.   Forty-four States had surpluses last year, when you look at COVID  funding. Many places, like California, had surpluses. Then they  reconfigured how this was done not based on pro rata population but  rewarded the States with the highest unemployment levels. It sounds  bizarro to me.   Governor Holcomb in Indiana has done a great job balancing the  economy with public safety, and that is why our unemployment rate is  now close to a full employment rate. It was the lowest in the Midwest  going into it because we have a good business climate, and we have a  low cost of living. Things work there. Sadly, the Democrats' bill  punishes States like Indiana for safely reopening. The higher a State's  unemployment rate, again, the more bailout money you get  proportionately.   But it goes one step further, and this is the part that caught my  attention. I am interested in hearing the explanation for it. I think  it was a sneaky maneuver when you put it in such a large bill that had  other doozies like stimulus checks for undocumented immigrants, for  felons, all kinds of stuff that I think, when you look at it, shouldn't  have been in there. But when it is that massive--it takes 10, 11 hours  to read out loud--you are going to get some of that. What this does is  say that if a State takes Federal money, they cannot lower their State  taxes in any way through 2024.    First of all, I believe this is unconstitutional and coercive.  Second, we should never punish States for putting taxpayers first. We  serve the public and should be good stewards of their money, and  especially a place like this that runs the way it does day in and day  out should not be telling States that run their operations responsibly  that they cannot do what they want with spending or taxation.   My bill strikes the provision that prohibits States' ability to  change revenues as they see fit for their State's unique needs.   Second, my bill strips out the reporting requirement where States  have to tell the Federal Government about every revenue source and  amount of money they take in. This place ought to be doing that  routinely to all the people who send it revenue.   This bill has the support of over 25 groups, including the American  Legislative Exchange Council, Americans for Prosperity, Americans for  Tax Reform, Citizens Against Government Waste, Club for Growth,  FreedomWorks, Heritage Action for America, Independent Women's Forum,  and the National Taxpayers Union, among others. We expect many more to  join in coming days. I am sure many stakeholders in Indiana and in West  Virginia not mentioned will throw in support as well.   Lastly, I would like to thank the Finance Committee ranking member,  Senator Crapo, for cosponsoring this legislation--and others, including  Senators Blackburn, Capito, Inhofe, Marshall, Rubio, Rick Scott,  Tillis, and Senator Young from my home State.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 730 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    My friend from West Virginia explained why this won't  impact Governors and legislatures in terms of what they can do with  their own fiscal policy. I would say my friend the Senator from West  Virginia probably ought to check with Governor Justice and his  legislature to see if they are on the same wavelength there.   When we got input in bringing this up as an issue and when you are  talking about the American Legislative Exchange Council, Americans for  Tax Reform, Citizens Against Government Waste--I won't repeat the rest  of the list--I think it would get down to semantics in this sense: What  do you do if you want to cut tax rates? Then, just like pre-COVID, we  cut taxes, and revenues went up for 3 to 4 years.    How do you measure that complicated equation? In many cases, when you  cut rates, you find a new sweet spot where you generate more tax  revenue. How would you sort all of that out? Then, if it were not based  upon penalizing States that are most apt to lower their tax rates  because of how good their economies were pre-COVID, it would be a  different issue as well.   So I am willing to listen in terms of how that does play out, but for  now, I am going to view it as something, I think, that is not going to  sit well with many States, their Governors, or their legislatures and  that has a possibility of being taken to court as being something that  might be unconstitutional. If I am off base, I am willing to listen,  but I will probably have to bring some other parties in to make sure  that this isn't a case of semantics and is real according to the way  you explain it.    Yes, I will yield.    Will the Senator yield?    I think it begs the question in that, by cutting taxes,  you are going to lower gross tax revenues, and that has been a  discussion we have all had for many years.   I know in places like Indiana--and we just had it occur here with the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act at the Federal level--that the CBO--and I was  working with it--was getting close to saying its original forecast of  when you had a tax cut, which was $1.5 trillion over 10 years, $150  billion per year, wasn't working out that way because there is the  phenomenon called: When you find the sweet spot of taxation, you can  cut taxes and generate more revenue. Then you penalize a good fiscal  move by the way you are interpreting your reading.   I am willing to get into the nuance to see if that would muster that  particular case, but I don't think it would.    Yes, I will yield.   