 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Burgess for his  leadership.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, we will call up  H.R. 1371, the Crush the Virus Act of 2021, introduced by my good  friend, Mr.   Tom Reed.   This is legislation that is based off of the Problem Solvers Caucus- endorsed framework for additional funding in order to defeat the virus  by making further investments into testing, vaccine distribution, PPE,  and utilizing the Defense Production Act.   In other words, this is a targeted solution that can garner  bipartisan support--unlike what we are doing today--and show the  American people that we are committed to working together to defeat the  virus.   To date, while Congress may have struggled at times to deliver timely  results, we have come together each time to pass needed legislation to  help small businesses, hospitals, and Americans impacted by the virus.  This is the way Congress is supposed to work. But instead, House  Democrats have embarked upon a purely partisan approach, pushing aside  Republican lawmakers, like myself, who actually want to find common  ground.   And for what?   A nearly $2 trillion bill that is not targeted for the coronavirus,  includes policies that will hurt job creation, and in the words of  Larry Summers--who is no Republican--is a ``step into the unknown.''   Madam Speaker, what the American people need is for us to put  partisanship aside and identify targeted funding prior to spending $2  trillion of taxpayer dollars only weeks after this body enacted another  nearly $1 trillion, much of which has yet to be spent.   Madam Speaker, this is why the Problem Solvers Caucus came together  earlier this year to identify, in a bipartisan way, the still  outstanding funding that is needed to defeat the virus. The bipartisan  agreement is the basis for the legislation we will bring up if we  defeat the previous question here before us.   My friend   Tom Reed's bill, the Crush the Virus Act, will provide  more than $160 billion in targeted aid, including: $11.5 billion for  manufacturing and production of vaccines; $35 billion for the Provider  Relief Fund; and $5 billion for the use of the Defense Production Act.   This proposal will speed up vaccine distribution and administration  in a timely manner and supports our brave frontline healthcare workers.   I thank Mr. Reed for his leadership as co-chair of the Problem  Solvers Caucus and for pushing this proposal.   Madam Speaker, let me make a final point and a broader appeal to my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle. The American people sent to  Washington the slimmest House majority in quite some time and an evenly  split Senate. The message they sent was clear: It was not that you have  some broad mandate to jam down a bunch of progressive policies, it was  that they want us to actually work together, to come together and solve  the problems in a bipartisan way. I think the message was clear. And  the more the majority ignores it, the shorter their majority will be.   