 Mr. President, the difference between medicine and  politics--because I am a doctor--is that in medicine, you are forced to  look at reality as reality is, whereas in politics we can make up  reality. It is: Oh, my gosh, I want it to be this way; so let's assume  that it is.   I think it is a time for, at least--one, I think it is always better  to look at reality, but, particularly right now, let's talk about it as  regards inflation.   Inflation is really hurting middle-income families. We are seeing  higher prices in the grocery store, electricity bills, at the gasoline  pump eating up their budgets.   President Biden has repeatedly said he would not raise taxes on those  making less than $400,000 a year, but rising inflation as a result of  his harmful economic and energy agenda is effectively a tax.   This is predictable. Democrats and left-of-center economists like  Larry Summers warned about the risk of inflation and predicted a sharp  rise in prices. He sounded the alarm at the $1.9 trillion American  Rescue Plan. He said that could overheat the economy. It did.   This summer, used car prices were up 45 percent, gasoline 45 percent,  whole milk 7.5 percent. American families are paying higher prices for  goods and services that are essential, and it continues to go higher.  The U.S. Department of Labor reported that consumer prices in June  increased 5.4 percent relative to a year ago--the largest increase  since August 2008, more than double the target rate of 2 percent the  Federal Reserve establishes.   Now, President Biden and his administration, his Treasury Department,  have reassured that this inflation is transitory or temporary.   Just last week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the Federal  Reserve sees inflation ``lasting quite a while,'' given their recent  and upcoming actions--so, if you will, belying the reassurances of the  administration.   Looking particularly at energy, it is not surprising that electricity  and gasoline prices are soaring, and the average price of gas has now  gone over $3 a gallon since May. The national average is $3.19, $1 more  per gallon than a year ago--now, again, predictable.   One of the first things President Biden did when he took office was  to cancel the Keystone XL Pipeline, killing 11,000 jobs that went with  it--by the way, not jobs for bureaucrats in Washington, DC, doing quite  well during the pandemic because they continue to get paid, but jobs  for construction workers who, if they don't have this job, don't have  another job and have less ability to take care of their family and to  better provide for their child's future.   He stopped domestic oil and gas leases and only does that which the  court tells him he has to do.   Oddly, since he did all of this in the name of addressing issues of  carbon emission, the administration then removed sanctions so that  Russia can complete the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline,  going from Russia to Germany, and now is asking OPEC, which includes  Iran, Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, to increase oil production so we can  import their oil--so much for the energy independence our country,  researchers, and companies worked so hard to develop.   And now we see with every draft of the Democrats' reckless tax-and- spend bill that the Democratic Party seems intent on driving prices  higher, increasing our energy dependence on other countries, and  hurting our domestic workforce. And I think, if we are going to go back  to reality, the American people would ask not to describe these actions  as being done for the good of the environment or the climate. I totally  believe we must address climate, but the stark truth is that President  Biden's energy policies prioritize shutting down domestic production  and domestic jobs in favor of using dirtier Russian gas.   Why do I say dirtier? There is a National Lab that recently reported  of natural gas produced in Louisiana and exported to Europe compared to  gas coming to Europe from Russia, that over the 20-year horizon the  carbon intensity is 43 percent less for gas that comes from the United  States to Europe than from Russian gas coming to Europe, and 10 percent  less over 100 years.   If you really cared about lowering greenhouse gas emissions, creating  jobs for the American worker, and strengthening our economy and our  national security, you would encourage the production of U.S. natural  gas and ship it around the world, displacing that which was coming from  countries such as Russia.   It seems as if the administration is more interested in virtue- signaling than truly pursuing a low-carbon solution, and I would love  for someone to explain why the administration is so hell-bent on  shutting down energy production in the United States, with the good- paying jobs and the economic opportunity, especially in Louisiana but  not only in Louisiana. And it is done in a cleaner, more  environmentally friendly way than in almost every other part of the  Nation. It is as if they would rather the United States be dependent on  foreign sources, those that are often not allies, than to produce  energy cleanly, creating American jobs in the United States of America.   The United States is a global leader in decreasing greenhouse gas  emissions entirely, almost, because of the increased production of U.S.  natural gas.   As production increased and prices fell, natural gas replaced coal,  so that now, off the top of my head, I think I know that, in absolute  amounts, greenhouse gas emissions in the United States are less now  than they were in 2004. And if not, they are almost there.   Our economy is a lot bigger, and we have a lot more people, and yet  we have managed to hold greenhouse gas emissions at a declining rate  because we produced natural gas.   We need to encourage exploration and production in our country. We  should not be shutting it down, and we should not be shutting down the  good jobs that go with it. The administration's backward and disastrous  energy policy is playing out before our eyes. It  [[Page S6759]]  is not good--destroying American jobs, contributing to inflation, and  strengthening the geopolitical position of our geopolitical rivals. The  administration's actions are directly leading to higher gas and utility  prices.   There is a way out of the inflation, but it is not empty virtue- signaling. It is not putting American workers out of jobs. It is to  restart American energy production, hold lease sales in the Gulf of  Mexico, and get American energy in our country back on track,  recreating the jobs that have been destroyed, and, by the way,  increasing a greater ability to export to other countries around the  world, helping to lower global greenhouse gas emissions.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   