 Mr. Speaker, it would be an irresponsible policy to defund  the police. We are not for that.   Hear me. You can say it over and over and over again. It will be a  lie. No matter how well it serves your political purposes, it will be a  lie.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. I want to  thank Representative Bass and members of the Congressional Black Caucus  for their leadership last year and now. I also want to thank my friend,  Chairman Nadler, and the Judiciary Committee for their hard work.   I am proud to be an original sponsor. If I thought this defunded the  police, I would not be for it. Now, that won't affect you and your  debate, I understand that, any more than it affected you in recognizing  the legitimacy of the Presidential election.   I am proud to be an original sponsor.   Mr. Speaker, in June of last year, the House passed this bill because  we recognized that something had to change. Change could not wait.  Change waited too long in the Jim Crow South. Change has waited too  long throughout this country--North, East, West, and South.   Mr. Speaker, when we mournfully say the names of George Floyd,  Breonna Taylor, Eric Garner, Michael Brown, Philando Castile, Freddie  Gray, with a list that goes on and on and on and on, enough, my  colleagues, enough.   We must change the psychology of how we treat people. I don't mean  police alone. I mean all of us, but all of us don't carry guns. All of  us have not been given extraordinary authority by the public we serve.  Because we give certain people in this country extraordinary authority  to take our freedom away and, yes, to take our lives away, we must  ensure accountability for the use of that power, just as the voters  ought to ensure accountability for the power that they give to us.   When we hear about African American parents having to teach their  sons how to act during encounters with police so that they, too, don't  become victims, it is time for change. When we feel the energy of many  millions of Americans of every race, every faith, and every age taking  peacefully to the streets in protest against injustice, we know that  change must come now.   I know how you lament the use of violence. I saw that on January 6.   Mr. Speaker, peaceful demonstrations, Martin Luther King was locked  up. Rosa Parks was locked up. For a crime? Of course, Parks sat in the  front of the bus. That was illegal. As King said, an illegal law ought  not to be obeyed.   Mr. Speaker, they paid the consequences. They had the courage and  fortitude to do that.   That is why we took action last year, passing the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act. This legislation addresses police choke holds  like the kind that took George Floyd's life. Stand if you can justify  that action.   Mr. Speaker, it addresses no-knock warrants like the one that led to  the tragic and preventable death of Breonna Taylor. It would condition  Federal funding and resources to police departments on ending racial  profiling. Content of character, did we not learn that lesson? It is  not the color of your skin, the cut of the cloth you wear, or the part  in your hair.   Mr. Speaker, we ask them to follow best practices with that power and  authority we have given them, best practices in police training that  help ensure the rights of those who encounter police, as well as the  safety of all of us.   Mr. Speaker, this bill also brings justice to victims and their  families by facilitating, under appropriate circumstances, their  ability to seek redress of grievances.   This bill is not only intended to protect people who encounter the  police, but it is meant to help keep police safe as well, to help them  do the difficult job of keeping their communities safe.   Mr. Speaker, there is not a Member of this body, I think I can safely  say, who has attended more frequently the annual National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund ceremony. I am local, but I dare say  that no Member in this body has attended that more frequently, been  more supportive of law enforcement, or been more supportive of my local  sheriffs and police departments. They are critically important. Of  course, we don't want to defund them. We have to have a safe society if  democracy is going to prevail. That is why we have law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, I have heard from so many law enforcement officials who  are deeply concerned about misconduct and racial bias in policing, just  as each one of us ought to be concerned about a politician who commits  a crime. Why? It reflects on all of us. All of those politicians are  crooks. Somebody out there is saying amen.   That is why this is important, because there are so many hundreds of  thousands of honest, hardworking, courageous, dedicated police  officers, sheriffs, and constables in this country.  [[Page H1060]]    Mr. Speaker, most police officers are good and decent men and women,  serving with honor. They want to know that their ranks are free from  those who would apply bias and sow mistrust that endangers their and  their colleagues' safety. This is just the beginning of a larger effort  to reform policing, which will require the Senate and White House to  work with us to ensure that victims of misconduct and their families  get the justice they deserve, while police departments have the  support, the funding, if you will, they need to keep our communities  safe.   Mr. Speaker, sadly, when we passed this bill last year, the  Republican-controlled Senate refused even to consider it. They were in  charge. They put no bill of their own on the floor. I apologize. I  retract that. Mr. Jordan is correct.   Now, however, with this Democratic Senate majority, I hope I can see  action, work with Senator Scott, and come to a resolution, because this  problem will not go away if we don't help it. We will not save lives if  we don't act.   Mr. Speaker, I know that this is a top priority for Senate Democrats,  as well as for President Biden and Vice President Harris. So, I hope  that we will not only see the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act pass  the House today but also be signed into law this Congress.   Mr. Speaker, this is a necessary bill to respond to a crisis  throughout our country, certainly not by every member of law  enforcement, but by the minority of law enforcement officers, just as  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are a credit to the service in  this House, not all, but the overwhelming majority.   Mr. Speaker, let's pass this bill. Let's act for justice.   