 Madam President, I rise to speak about the $3.5 trillion  budget resolution that will cut costs for American families, provide  our seniors with comprehensive healthcare, and finally take the much- needed and long-overdue action to protect ourselves, our future, and  our existence from the climate crisis.   Our urgency in action must be as fierce as the crisis on our shores,  in our cities, and in our States across America. The climate deniers  are out of excuses, and we are out of time.   The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued  its sixth assessment report. The new warning from the U.N., from the  IPCC, is actually code red. They are saying that the planet is in great  danger, that our country is in great danger if we do not respond to the  climate crisis. And now the challenge for this Senate, for this  country, is whether or not we are going to respond. And we are.   The code red warning from the United Nations is going to have a code  green response from the U.S. Senate in the $3.5 trillion package.   We will invest in the technologies that will make it possible for us  to respond to this dire warning from the United Nations, a warning that  reaffirms what we are seeing and suffering right now across our  country: Climate change is going to continue to cost us lives and  livelihoods if we don't respond with the scope and the scale that this  moment demands.   The report says our responsibility is unequivocal. The effects of the  climate crisis are unprecedented, and we have an undeniable need to  act. From increasing intensity and frequency of extreme heat to  catastrophic precipitation and devastating droughts, no community will  be able to hide from the most dire impacts of our human-driven climate  crisis.   This report must be the final warning that we must respond. And right  now we are preparing, as Senate Democrats, a budget resolution that  will be our best opportunity to respond to the code red warning we have  received today from the United Nations, from the climate experts of the  planet.   That is our challenge, but we are going to have resistance. We have  to basically sweep away this rising tide of cynicism that we hear from  climate deniers, from the fossil fuel industry, and from too many  Republicans.   Senate Democrats are ready to forge ahead. This budget resolution is  our opportunity to prevent the most alarming consequences of the  climate crisis and equip ourselves to survive the climate impacts we  cannot avoid. With policies to drive deep cuts in emissions, protect  communities, provide equity and justice to overburdened communities, we  can respond to overwhelming evidence and take the necessary action to  save our people and our planet.   We have received the final warning. We now have the best opportunity  any Congress has ever had to respond. That legislation will be on the  floor of the Senate in the next 2 days.   As chair of the Clean Air, Climate, and Nuclear Safety Subcommittee  of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I am ready to get to  work and turn this budget resolution into legislative action. This  vital investment will build on what we have already done, adding on  climate, equity, and even more good-paying union jobs.   We can save all of creation by engaging in massive union job  creation.   We can fund a clean-energy accelerator that uses innovative, flexible  financing to lower our emissions and create jobs with public dollars  that can deploy and leverage private investment. This accelerator will  unleash clean energy generation, energy-efficient retrofits, and  opportunities in communities across our country.   We can fund environmental justice mapping efforts to understand the  burdens of affected communities and direct our investments and our  programs accordingly. We can provide the funding and support to monitor  and to address the dangers of extreme heat, toxic chemicals, and  polluted air.   We can create a civilian Climate Corps and put millions of people to  work on projects to protect our communities from climate impacts,  support local projects, and get trained and get to work in building our  clean energy economy. We must ensure that these jobs have high  standards, prevailing wages, and just recruiting and hiring practices.   And in this legislation that responds to the code red climate threat,  we will have the tax breaks. The oil, gas, and coal industry, for a  hundred years, have had their control over tax breaks coming out of  this Congress. Well, in this bill, we are going to have the tax breaks  for wind and for solar and for all-electric vehicles and for battery  storage technologies. We are going to have the tax breaks for the  solution to the climate crisis.   This is the moment. This is what the world is waiting to see from our  country. If we are going to lead, we cannot preach temperance from a  barstool. We have to step up and do the right thing and create the  innovation economy that will save our country and save the world.   And we can kick start a clean energy revolution. And, not only that,  we can ensure that we have a revolution that is made in America--jobs  here, union jobs here, good-paying jobs here, in the United States.   We are going to have a domestic manufacturing revolution that we have  not seen in a generation, and we are going to do it in the green budget  resolution that we are going to bring out onto the floor of the Senate  in the next 2 days.   The answer to our clean future is blowing in the wind. This is a  once-in-a-generation opportunity to save our people and our planet by  going bigger and bolder than ever before.   Senate Democrats are going to deliver real results for Americans: for  our seniors, our children, our families, our working people across our  country.   As Massachusetts' own Ralph Waldo Emerson said, ``the first wealth is  health.'' And this budget makes sure Americans' healthcare and futures  are a priority second to none.   Under our budget resolution, every child--regardless of their ZIP  Code--will have the opportunity attend pre-K. Every teen will be able  to reimagine their future with the ability to enroll tuition-free in  community colleges across our country.   And I will be fighting to provide critical broadband connectivity  support to ensure educational success for all students at home,  especially poor children, Black, Brown, immigrant children in our  country.   And thanks to this budget, Medicare will now cover essentials like  hearing aids, eyeglasses, and dental care for our seniors for the first  time ever--covered by Medicare. Millions of women will be brought into  the workforce when we provide accessible and affordable childcare for  American families. And we will expand the child tax credit and make the  child and dependent care tax credit permanent in our country--permanent  tax relief for every family with a child in our country.   And we will do all of this by paying for all of these investments,  unlike Republicans who put tax cuts for the  [[Page S6100]]  wealthy on the American taxpayers' dime. We will do this without any  American making under $400,000 paying a single cent more in taxes and  asking, instead, for the ultrawealthy and the big corporations-- including Big Oil and Big Gas--to pay more of their fair share, like  workers and small businesses have always done in our country.   These are the investments that will restack the deck in our country,  level the playing field, and set in motion a more just future where  every child and every family has the opportunity to achieve the  American dream.   The second train is finally about to pull into the station.  Progressive champions in the House of Representatives are doing an  incredible job holding the line to ensure that this resolution is  passed alongside the bipartisan infrastructure bill.   But as we recover from the multiple crises we face, we cannot accept  to return to the status quo--a status quo that has left too many people  behind in our country.   Over the last several months, we have worked tirelessly to deliver  for Americans COVID relief, an expanded child tax credit, $7 billion  for broadband access, support for students and families, and much more.   Now we need to pass this $3.5 trillion package and not a cent less to  push forward and create a more just and livable future for every person  in our country. That is what this moment demands.   And I look forward to working with all of my colleagues on this  budget resolution this week and taking the first steps to ensure this  future is guaranteed for every child and family across our country.   We can do it for families. We can do it for our planet. That is what  our agenda has to be for the remainder of this week. And I think if we  respond, we will have become one of the greatest Congresses that has  ever served in the history of our country.   I yield back to you.   