 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in strong support of the  Safeguarding American Innovation Act. This is legislation that has been  included in the substitute amendment to the bill we are working on this  week, called the Endless Frontier Act, or as it has now been called,  the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act.   Well, if our goal is to increase U.S. competitiveness and encourage  more U.S. innovation, we have to not only invest in research and  innovation, we have to be sure that we are keeping our investment in  research and intellectual property from being taken by our competitors  and used against us. That is what this legislation does.   By the way, that is just common sense, or so you would think, but  that is not what we found during a bipartisan investigation during the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Instead, during a yearlong  inquiry, we uncovered that our government and our research institutions  over the last couple of decades have permitted China to take advantage  of a lax U.S. approach to safeguarding our taxpayer-funded innovation,  be it in our college campuses or in our research labs, nor was law  enforcement, principally the FBI, doing anything significant to combat  this threat. In fact, at our hearing on the report about 18 months ago,  the FBI admitted in sworn testimony that they have been asleep at the  switch, essentially.   Our PSI investigation detailed the rampant theft of U.S. taxpayer- funded research and intellectual property by China by way of their so- called China recruitment programs, mainly the Thousand Talents Plan.  China uses these plans to systematically find promising researchers and  promising research that China is interested in, and they recruit those  researchers.   These programs have not been subtle. The Thousand Talents Plan is  perhaps the best understood of these programs, although there are  actually a couple hundred of them. Our PSI investigation documented how  the Thousand Talents Plan was used to target and steal taxpayer-funded  research and IP for at least two decades in this country, and much of  that research and innovation was taken from our labs to China and went  directly into fueling the rise of the Chinese economy and the Chinese  military.   While this is what China has done and continues to do, this is really  about us. We have to get our own house in order. Specifically, we found  that the Chinese Government has targeted promising U.S.-based research  and researchers. Often, this research is funded by U.S. taxpayers. We  spend about $150 billion a year on taxpayer-funded research in places  like the National Institutes of Health, the National Science  Foundation, and the Department of Energy for basic science research.  And with this legislation we are talking about tonight on the floor,  the Endless Frontier Act, we are talking about a huge increase in the  amount of Federal spending for this kind of research.   The annual $150 billion that has gone out over the years has been a  good investment of taxpayer dollars, I believe. Why? Because it has led  to some amazing things, from cures for everything from viruses to  particular kinds of cancer, to technologies that support our defense  base, to manufacturing technology that has made us more efficient as a  country. But it is not good if the U.S. taxpayer is paying for this  good research, and then China is taking it to fuel their own economic  and military rise.   China has not just stolen some of the research funded by U.S.  taxpayers; China has actually paid these grant recipients to take their  research over to China at Chinese universities--again, universities  affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party. They have been very clever  about it. They want to be sure that China is a stronger competitor  against us, and they take the research delivered from the United States  to what is referred to as shadow  [[Page S3415]]  labs in China, where they replicate the research.    Rather than pointing the finger at China, we ought to be looking at  our own government and our own institutions and doing a better job with  the things we can control. Again, let's get our own house in order. We  have made some progress in doing that.   Following our November 2019 PSI investigation I talked about and the  report we issued, in December of 2020, John Demers, the Assistant  Attorney General for National Security and head of the Justice  Department's China Initiative, announced that more than 1,000  researchers affiliated with China's military left the United States  following a crackdown on recipients of taxpayer-funded Federal grants  concealing their affiliation with China's Thousand Talents Program. One  thousand researchers left the United States.   That news followed multiple guilty pleas and a string of arrests of  academics affiliated with American universities for alleged crimes  related to concealing their participation in China's talent recruitment  programs while accepting American taxpayer funds and taking research to  China.   After two decades of allowing this activity to go on, over the past  18 months, we have finally begun to crack down. In my own State of  Ohio, in my home State, there have been some researchers who have been  arrested. However, as our investigation found and law enforcement told  us, the Federal Government is limited in the actions they can take  under current law. It is our responsibility in Congress to change that.   All of the arrests in connection with the Thousand Talents Plan have  been related to peripheral financial crimes, like wire fraud and tax  evasion, not the core issue of the conflict of commitment, conflict of  interest, the taking of American taxpayer research, and also taking  money from China. Why? Because it is not currently a crime to knowingly  hide foreign research funding on a Federal grant application, as an  example. In other words, if you are performing research funded by the  U.S. taxpayer and also being paid by China to do the same research,  there is no law that states you have to disclose that funding from  China. That is just wrong.   Since our report, the National Institutes of Health has started to  require that that information be disclosed. The NIH is alone so far in  requiring that. But even there, there is still no law requiring  disclosure.   The arrests made since our PSI report have not been about that core  issue of researchers hiding foreign funding from China and stealing our  research. So we need to change the laws so we can give our law  enforcement community the tools they need to go do the job that all of  us expect is being done.   The Safeguarding American Innovation Act goes directly to the root of  this problem and makes it punishable by law to knowingly fail to  disclose foreign funding on Federal grant applications. While this is a  criminal statute, it is really about transparency, which is a core  tenet of the U.S. research enterprise.   Our bill also makes other important changes informed by our  investigation. It requires the Office of Management and Budget, OMB, in  the executive branch to streamline and coordinate grant-making between  the Federal Agencies so there is more continuity, accountability, and  coordination when it comes to tracking the billions of dollars of  taxpayer-funded grant money that is being distributed.   Again, the underlying legislation here in the Chamber tonight is  about more money going into research. Let's be sure that there is  transparency and that we know how it is being distributed. We found in  our investigation that this kind of coordination and transparency was  sorely lacking and long overdue.   Our legislation also allows the Department of State to deny visas to  foreign researchers coming to the United States who they know are going  to exploit the openness of our research enterprise to acquire sensitive  and emerging technologies against the national security interests of  the United States and to benefit an adversarial foreign government.   This may surprise you, but the State Department can't do that now. It  is a loophole in the law. In finalizing our language for the  substitute, we worked very closely with career State Department  employees, who were desperate to get this authority to keep, say,  members from the People's Liberation Army, who are definitely connected  with the Chinese military, from coming over here and attending  conferences where sensitive, export controlled technology is being  talked about and distributed.   Our bill also requires foreign institutions and universities to tell  the State Department whether a foreign researcher will have access to  export controlled technologies and also to demonstrate to the State  Department that they have a plan to prevent unauthorized access to any  export controlled technologies at the research institution   That is really important. It seems like basic information that the  State Department would get here, that would have been provided all  along, but it hasn't been. Providing this information as part of the  visa process should also help streamline the process for the State  Department and for these research institutions. I think it is good for  both to make sure that this is clear and we know what the rules are.   We also require increased transparency in reporting foreign gifts and  contracts at our colleges and our universities. Those schools are now  going to need to report any foreign gift or contract worth $50,000 or  more. The current threshold is $250,000. More transparency is a good  thing.   We also empower the Department of Education to work with these  universities and research institutions to ensure that this can be  complied with in a way that doesn't create undue redtape and  expenditures. That is not the idea. The idea is to have transparency  but have it be something that is efficient. But we also allow the  Department of Education for the first time to fine universities that  repeatedly fail to disclose these gifts. We have actually found that  about 70 percent of universities weren't following the current law,  partly because there was no fine. There was really no accountability.   All of the changes that I have outlined are necessary to help keep  America on the cutting edge. In order to be globally competitive, we  have to be more effective at pushing back against the specific threat  from China and from other nations, like Russia, Iran, and North Korea,  looking to steal our research and our intellectual property.   Until we start to clean up our own house and take a firmer stance  against foreign influences here in this country trying to take our  research, we are going to keep losing the innovations that we create  here, and we will be less competitive. That is why the Safeguarding  American Innovation Act is so important to be included in this bill.   I will finish by noting that this has been truly a nonpartisan  effort--not just bipartisan but nonpartisan--from the start. We wanted  to ensure that, in a thoughtful, smart, and effective way, we were  responding to the very real threat that we identified from China and  other foreign adversaries.   I want to commend my partner in our PSI investigation and cosponsor  of our legislation, Senator Tom Carper. I also want to thank the  Presiding Officer tonight for her role in this, for her contributions  and her support. I also want to say that I appreciate Senators Peters  and Schumer and their staff for working with us to finalize the  language, as well as the State Department and other officials from the  Trump administration and the Biden administration who provided  important assistance.   Safeguarding American innovation is always a good idea, but it is  particularly important in the context of the legislation before us that  provides exceptionally large amounts of Federal money for research to  make us more competitive. I support that research, but I don't want the  taxpayer funds to go in the front door and then to have the research go  out the back door to China or other adversaries. That is not what this  should be about, and thanks to this legislation being included in this  law, I feel confident that it will not be about that.   I yield back my time.   