 Mr. President, I come to the floor today because I note  the Democrats being so eager to move to their reckless tax-and-spending  spree, and it is something I absolutely oppose. If we pass a bill of  that magnitude, the American people will be paying more in taxes, will  be paying more in the cost of living, and it will continue to impact  the American people in a very negative way.   Right now, the Senate is debating a separate bill, an infrastructure  bill, and, in fact, the bills are not completely separate. It would be  nice if they were, but they are not. The reason they are not separate  is because Nancy Pelosi, the Speaker of the House, has made it  abundantly clear that any bipartisan infrastructure bill that is passed  here in this Senate won't see the light of day in the House of  Representatives unless and until, as she has said, the Senate also  sends her a multitrillion-dollar reckless tax-and-spending bill.  According to one nonpartisan group, that bill could cost up to $5.5  trillion over the next 10 years.   Now, Nancy Pelosi has said time and time again that there will not be  one penny for roads, not one penny for bridges, not one penny for  airports or ports until she gets the reckless tax-and-spending bill  that she is demanding. It wasn't a negotiation; it was a hijacking. And  Nancy Pelosi isn't just a hijacker; she is also an arsonist. What she  is proposing is going to pour jet fuel on the fire of inflation that is  currently ravaging the country.   The flame was lit months ago when Democrats borrowed $2 trillion  under the name of COVID relief. But just look at the economic  projections before the bill became law. Some people failed to predict  the inflation. The Federal Reserve failed to predict it. The White  House budget office said: Oh, no, we won't get inflation. The  Congressional Budget Office said no. There were Democratic economists,  though, who warned that it would happen, and Republicans pointed out  clearly that it was going to happen, and that is what has happened now.  Democrats refused to listen. They borrowed and spent an additional $2  trillion, and inflation has gone up every month since.   Core inflation is now the fastest and highest it has been in 40  years. Who are the victims of this? Well, they are people who are on  fixed incomes; they are seniors; they are working families trying to  get by. Now it costs $25 more every time you fill up your vehicle with  gasoline. If you fill up a truck in Wyoming, it could be even more than  [[Page S5797]]  that compared to the fill-ups of Inauguration Day. If you go to the  grocery store now, it is about $25 more for the weekly trip to the  grocery store. So you are talking $25 extra a week in gas, $25 extra a  week in groceries; $50 extra a week, which comes to $2,500 annually for  a hard-working family in America because of the inflation Joe Biden and  the Democrats have brought upon us.   Of course, this kind of inflation slows our economic recovery. I just  found out last week that economic growth is significantly below what  economists had predicted it should be at this point. It does seem the  Democrats still haven't learned basic economics. Now they want to make  the same mistake all over again, even at a higher level. They want to  borrow and spend trillions more.   Last week, we found out that the previous Democratic bill gave $800  million to prisoners behind bars. Now, Tom Cotton and I came to this  floor, and we tried to stop the Democrats from giving our taxpayer  dollars to prisoners currently behind bars. We specifically warned it  would happen as stimulus checks were sent out around the country. We  tried to stop this as part of the Democratic spending bill, but all 50  Democrats, every one of them supported direct checks to prisoners  behind bars. The senior Senator from Illinois came to the floor and  gave a speech defending it. He implied it would be racist not to give  free money to people behind bars   Every one of the 50 Democrats put $800 million of American taxpayer  dollars on the credit card and sent checks to prisoners behind bars.  This means more debt and more inflation for law-abiding citizens in  exchange for money to criminals. It tells the American people all we  need to know about the priorities of the Democratic Party.   Now Democrats want another round of payoffs. This payoff is even more  expensive than the last one. Democrats are promising payoffs to all  their favorite groups: climate activists, leftwing professors, trial  lawyers, and union bosses. This bill, this reckless tax-and-spending  bill, includes one liberal priority after another.   Even as we face the worst border crisis in the last two decades,  Democrats are now promising amnesty and citizenship and voting rights  for millions of illegal immigrants. Once they get amnesty, then they  can get all the other Democratic payoffs as well. This is going to lead  to an additional tidal wave of illegal immigration, and all of this has  a price tag, and someone has to pay.   Democrats tell nice stories, and Republicans do the math. This bill  is so expensive, the Democrats will have to go after every working  family in America in order to pay for it. One way or another, every  working American will end up paying for this. There is not some rich  person who is going to be able to pay for all of this. There aren't  enough rich people on Earth to pay for this level of spending.   Democrats are going to go after the majority of the people in this  country, and, of course, that is the middle class. That is exactly what  they intend to do with this bill because this bill is going to raise  taxes on family farms and ranches.   According to the accounting firm Ernst and Young, this bill, this  spending bill that Nancy Pelosi is demanding go from the Senate to the  House before any infrastructure bill is passed, would eliminate 80,000  jobs over 10 years. The bill would raise taxes on small businesses,  which are already struggling to stay open because of Democratic  policies. Anyone who sells their home will pay thousands and thousands  more in taxes.   Now, this is also going to include a carbon import tax, which will  drive up prices even higher.   The bill would be a socialist takeover of our economy--more taxes,  more spending, more debt, more government eating into people's  paychecks and eating into their savings. There is not a single  Republican in the House or in the Senate who is going to support this  reckless tax-and-spending spree.   We need to stop this freight train to socialism. We don't have a  taxing problem in this country; we have a spending problem. Inflation  is already high enough. We know what the cause is. We know it is the  cause of the excessive Democratic spending, and this is going to make  it worse. Families across this country are struggling right now to make  ends meet. Family businesses are struggling to stay open. It is time to  stop this reckless tax-and-spending spree.   I yield the floor.   