 Madam President, about 4 weeks ago, it got cold in  Oklahoma--really cold. My house was at negative 14 degrees. Now,  Senator Steve Daines from Montana is used to that, but in Oklahoma we  are not used to negative 14 degrees. It was overcast, snowy, cold.  Then, the sun broke through, and we had a day when it got up to 30  degrees. It was like everyone was going to the park. It felt so nice  because the sun was out, even though it was cold.   Sunshine has a great way of making everyone lift and look around and  say: Where has that been?   I think that happens in the Federal Government as well.   I thank Senator Joni Ernst for hosting what she is calling Sunshine  Week to be able to say: What are we doing to put a little light into  the Federal process to be able to make sure people can see into some of  these programs? Because all the time I hear from people, and when  something comes on the news, they will say: Where did that come from   I will say: That was poked in some bill that probably no one read.   I will give you an example of it. Two weeks ago, when the ``COVID''  bill passed with almost $2 trillion in spending, I already had folks  come back to me saying: I am grateful for that $70 million for the  Small Business Administration to increase some of the loans by $70  million.   I said: Great. Do you know how much the administrative cost was on  that $70 million program?   The answer is $390 million in administrative costs, $70 million in  loans. That is in the bill.   Everyone looks at me and says: Oh, I didn't know that.   In lots of States around America right now, their legislatures are  meeting, including mine in Oklahoma. They are suddenly finding out that  that bill that was for ``COVID-related'' mandated that no State in  America could reduce taxes on anyone. Lots of States are saying: Wait a  minute; we were planning on reducing taxes on working families in  certain targeted areas.   They are finding out that you can't do that, and they will say things  like: I didn't know that was in the bill because there wasn't any  sunshine on that bill.   I worked for years to pass a bill called the Taxpayers Right-To-Know  Act. It is a commonsense bill. It asks a simple question: What programs  do we do in the Federal Government? This body has heard about me talk  about it year after year after year. Contrary to popular belief, it is  not easy to actually move a bill in this place. Some things that are  very commonsense take forever.   This was my simple bill. In the Federal Government, every Agency has  to list every program that they do, how many employees they hire to do  that program, what is the cost of the program, and is the program  evaluated? If it is, just put the evaluation numbers with the program.   Why would I say that? Because I talk to Agency heads that start a new  program and they get 2 years down the road from starting a new program  and they find out a different Agency has already done that for 5 years.  Then we get together and find out a third Agency started that 10 years  ago. None of them knew about the other program.   Before you think that doesn't happen, oh, yes, it does. It happens  all the time. Not only that, but I want to ask a simple question to  say: How many options do we have for whatever it may be? How many  programs do we have for STEM education, for instance? How many  different incentives have we put out there, and how many Agencies are  helping to provide greater STEM education? The Agencies can't tell me.  They could eventually tell me what is in their Agency, but they don't  know what other Agencies are doing.   And when I go to the GAO, the Government Accountability Office, and  ask them, their answer is: I will get you an answer back in about 18  months--months--18 months before they can tell me how many STEM  programs we have in the Federal Government. I should be able to do an  internet search and get that in 18 seconds, not 18 months.   The Taxpayers Right-To-Know bill requires the Office of Management  and Budget to actually work with every Agency to get a master list of  every program across the Federal Government--how many employees they  have, if it is evaluated, and what it does.   It is pretty simple. It is basic transparency, but it allows any  American and all Members of Congress to be able to see what we do and  if we have duplication in government.   Again, you may think that is simple and straightforward. It is, but  it took years to actually pass. We finally got that passed and signed  into law last December.   I met with Gene Dodaro, who heads up GAO, and asked him about it  because he has also been an advocate of that for years. He said: We  need an ``unequivocal commitment from the Office of Management and  Budget to implement it properly'' because we have to actually get this  done.   Sunshine helps. We can see how money is spent. We can see how  duplication actually functions. We can't reform what we can't see. The  American people perpetually get frustrated with what they didn't know  was in a bill and find out later, and they don't like it.   In the days ahead, I will release my annual ``Federal Fumbles'' book,  as we do every year. In that ``Federal Fumbles'' book, this year, we  are going to outline where our debt comes from because I run into so  many people who say: We have debt. Who is our debt? Is it all China?   I will say: Well, actually, $1.6 trillion of it is from China, and we  are paying them interest every single year on that debt. But it is in a  lot of other places.   A lot of people misunderstand what government debt really is. This  needs some sunshine because if we are going to solve this, the American  people have to be able to see it and so do we   I yield the floor.   