 Mr. President, I invite all of my colleagues to cast  your eyes upon these three boxes sitting on the table in front of the  dais. These three boxes contain the certified results from every State  in our Union regarding how that State voted, how their electors have  voted for the President of the United States of America.   You cast your eyes on these three boxes, and you know that there is  something special. You see that there are straps on them holding the  top on and straps around the side and they are engraved--beautiful  handle, beautiful leather work, crafted in the cabinet shop of our very  Senate to say to the world that their cargo is precious.   There are three of these boxes. The third box is brand new. It was  crafted  [[Page S35]]  because so many States were celebrating this process that they started  to use very large forms, very large envelopes, very large seals to put  those ballots into and, thus, a third box was needed. These boxes  contain the voice of the American people weighing in, as they have  election after election after election. They have been used--these two  smaller boxes--for the last 14 elections. They are transported through  those doors to the House of Representatives, where the Senate and House  gather to witness the opening of the envelopes to determine who will be  the President of the United States. It is our constitutional  responsibility to witness the counting. That is what the Constitution  calls for.   Tonight, when this Senate Chamber was under attack by domestic  terrorists, we were held here in this room, doors locked to protect us  with the help of the Capitol Police. They did an excellent job. And  then they escorted us to a safe room. That announcement came quickly.  And when that announcement came, our senior assistant parliamentarian,  Leigh Hildebrand, organized the team to rescue these boxes and keep  them safe.   Thank you to her and the entire team that rescued the voice of the  American people. Had they not done so, then the hooligans outside,  disrespecting the Constitution, would have come in here and opened  these boxes and burned the ballots, destroying the voice of the people  symbolically. I know no one in this Chamber wanted something like that  to happen because we are here to defend the Constitution, to defend the  integrity of the election process, not to allow it to be destroyed.   But, colleagues, although we are 100 Senators--or 99, actually, now  because there are only 99 of us who are duly elected at the moment. We  are 99 Senators united across party, defending these ballots from the  hooligans outside.   There is more than one way these ballots can be destroyed, and that  is for this Chamber and the House Chamber to vote that one of those  envelopes representing the State will be shredded, will be burned, that  those votes will be discounted.   We just held a vote on whether or not the envelope containing the  electoral votes from Arizona should be burned. We defended these  ballots against the hooligans outside, but there are those in this  Chamber supporting the destruction of the voice of the citizens of  Arizona--six voted. And we are coming back later tonight to vote on  whether to shred or burn the ballots for the people of Pennsylvania.   We have to stand together to say absolutely not. The constitutional  responsibility is for us to defend the process, not to proceed to  destroy these ballots.   Now, in spite of all the troubling things that have happened in this  Chamber this evening, something beautiful happened, and that is, we sat  here in this Chamber, all of us listening to each other, 5-minute  speeches, hearing each other out, diverse views, wrestling with a  complicated issue. It is really the first time that has happened in the  12 years I have served in the Senate.   We need to restore the process of struggling with America's issues  together on the floor of the Senate. That is the Senate I saw when I  first came here as an intern for my home State Senator in 1976. That is  the Senate that I saw when I worked for Congress in the 1980s. That is  the Senate that has disappeared.   There is a conversation going forward between Democrats and  Republicans to restore the ability to hold debate on the floor, to  restore the ability to have amendments on the floor so that we  deliberate and wrestle with--in a very public and transparent fashion-- the big issues.   So let's take this moment, when we are rethinking how to restore the  institutions of our government, to restore and improve how this Senate  operates to deal with the issues ahead of us, so that this moment is a  moment where we come together rather than be divided; where, in a  bipartisan fashion, we craft a strategy to restore issues to the  floor--bills and amendments--and debate and decisions before the  public.   Out of a dark moment can shine a bright light, a renewal, and it is a  moment much needed now--a moment much needed in the executive branch as  we, on the 20th of January, welcome new leadership.   And it is a moment much needed for us to restore the Senate to be the  deliberative body once renowned and respected around the world. Let's  defend these ballot boxes, both from the hooligans outside and those  who would vote to destroy the ballots from any given State. And let us  come together and restore the Senate and fight for the vision of our  ``we the people'' Republic   I yield the floor.   