 Mr. Speaker, the President's theme, Build Back Better,  just can't pass the straight-face test. In reality, it is more like  demolish America faster.   If you really think it builds America back better, your view of  America is a lot different than most of the people I know.   We grew up in an America where college professors taught students how  to think, not what to think.   We grew up in an America where you could express your thoughts on any  subject without having the media collude with Big Tech to censor you  through bullying, intimidation, or bogus so-called fact checks.   We grew up in an America where parents were encouraged to support the  education of their children, not targeted by the Department of Justice  as domestic terrorists for telling the school board members that they  think they are going in the wrong direction.   We grew up in an America where immigrants, like most of our  predecessors, our ancestors, were welcomed if they came here legally.   I can move to Mexico, but it would be impossible for me to become a  Mexican. I can move to Honduras, but I can never become Honduran. I can  move to Somalia, but it would be impossible for me to become a  Somalian. On and on it goes.   But it is possible for people from other countries to come here and  become Americans. If they work hard and play by the rules, they can  build a better future for themselves and their families. They can  achieve the American Dream.   That is why people risk their lives, and some have died, trying to  come to this country. No other countries with the kind of policies you  are trying to force down the throat of Americans are like that.   Yes, we lived in an America where most folks, unless they were  plagued with affluenza, wokeness, entitlementitis, or Trump-phobia,  believed they lived in the greatest and the freest country in the  history of the world.   Pre-COVID-19, we lived in an America with the lowest unemployment  rate in decades, the lowest African-American and Hispanic unemployment  rate since they began keeping records.   An America that was energy independent.   An America with mostly fair elections.   And an America with secure borders.   Speaking about secure borders, let's be clear. There is a crisis at  the border, even though the President, the Vice President, and most of  my colleagues across the aisle deny it. Coming into our country  illegally does not make someone a legal immigrant any more than someone  breaking into your house makes them one of your family.   Most people know there is a difference between legal immigration and  the illegal invasion that we are witnessing right now. Proposed mass  amnesty will only encourage others to come and try illegally. It is not  hard to see where you are coming from.   Based upon the false promise that he would unify America, President  Biden got into the Oval Office, and my friends on the other side of the  aisle gained a razor-thin majority in the House and Senate. But we all  know, everybody knows, the unification promise was a lie, and their  majority is going to be short-lived. So they must feel compelled to  rush through a radical agenda before the midterms.    Now, people are understandably frustrated. Actually, they are very  angry, and they are not going to sit back and take it much longer.  Instead of the bogus Build Back Better plan and reconciliation plan,  you know what they want? They want the Democrats to help put America  back where they found it and leave it the hell alone.   Let's go, Brandon.   