 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1187. This  legislation is just the latest attempt by my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle to implement a far-left social agenda, this time  through our securities laws.   Contrary to the principles-based disclosure standard that is typical  of most material risk disclosures, President Biden and the Democrat-led  Securities and Exchange Commission have advocated for a separate  standardized set of disclosure requirements related to climate risk and  environmental, social, and governance or ESG, concerns. This  legislation would impose disclosure mandates that focus on costly one- size-fits-all metrics rather than material, decision-useful information  for investors.   During the markup process, several of my colleagues submitted  commonsense amendments that would have added an important materiality  standard. These amendments would have required disclosure of ESG,  climate change, or compensation metrics where there is a substantial  likelihood that a reasonable shareholder would consider such a  disclosure important with respect to making an investment decision.  However, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle refuse to support  them, including this simple standard.   By adding these additional disclosure requirements to the already  substantial list of mandatory disclosures for public companies, H.R.  1187 would also increase the cost of compliance for public companies,  thereby discouraging private companies from going public.   Further, I think it is important to point out that this legislation  misses an opportunity to address China and its daily human rights  atrocities. If we were serious about disclosure, not just a political  agenda, we would be looking at security and democracy threats like  those that the Chinese Communist Party and their state-owned  enterprises pose.   Bottom line, this legislation would add even more costly and  confusing disclosure requirements, hurting everyday investors, and  discouraging initial public offerings, all while failing to include  important national security protections.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, the evidence of the Chinese Communist Party's  denial, distortion, and concealment of the coronavirus pandemic from  its critical beginning to the present day is overwhelming.   In January 2020, if not before, the Chinese Communist Party knew it  was dealing with a fast-spreading disease in Wuhan but rejected  transparency in favor of a propaganda campaign to spread  disinformation.   From manipulated statistics and the prevention of an investigation by  international experts to ousted journalists and whistleblowers who were  silenced through intimidation and foul play, there are countless  examples of how the CCP lied to the rest of the world about the origins  of the pandemic.   Prominent epidemiologists and biologists have raised concerns about a  possible spillover in the Wuhan lab, and CDC director Dr. Walensky said  it is possible COVID could have leaked from a lab.   It was recently reported that three researchers from China's Wuhan  Institute of Virology became ill with symptoms consistent with COVID-19  and sought hospital care in November of 2019. On top of that, China has  not been forthright in sharing information nor have they cooperated  with the U.S. or the global community.   The dishonesty of China's Communist leadership regarding the  coronavirus pandemic has led to hundreds of thousands of American  deaths, millions of sick Americans, and trillions of dollars of  economic damage to our country.   In the face of this mounting evidence, I join 211 of my House  colleagues in urging Speaker Pelosi to investigate the origins of  COVID-19. But House Democrats continue to stonewall this effort.   The Biden administration and House Democrats cannot continue to turn  a blind eye to the CCP's nefarious behavior. We must penalize and hold  the CCP legally and financially responsible for the human and economic  suffering its Communist Government has caused. Enough is enough.    