 Madam President, we are seeing record numbers of people  coming to the U.S. Mexican border. I am told 63 different countries  have folks that have arrived at our border.   In the latest numbers released by the U.S. Customs and Border  Protection, CBP, they encountered almost 190,000 people coming to the  United States illegally through the southern border last month. That is  the highest monthly number of encounters by CBP in two decades.   This is where we are now. That number is up 471 percent from June  2020. Across the board, every category of CBP encounter at the  southwest land border--single adults, unaccompanied children,  individuals in a family unit--they are surging in 2021, including in  the hot summer months, when it has traditionally been that is when it  falls. It is important because these people coming across in the hot  summer months are at increased risk for death from dehydration and heat  exhaustion.   With June's tally, CBP's migrant encounters surpassed 1 million for  the fiscal year.   Now, in context, the last fiscal year had 460,000 encounters; fiscal  year 2019, 980,000. That year was labeled a humanitarian catastrophe.  That was for the entire year. Now, we are speaking of 1 million, and we  have 3 months left to go in this fiscal year.   On Monday, Texas and the national media broadcast videos of migrants  trying to force their way past Texas border guards. Eight Federal  agents and police officers pushed back on the gate to prevent a rush of  about 300 people just breaking through, coming across the border from  Mexico.   By any definition, this is a crisis--for the individual, who is at  risk of dying of dehydration in the desert; for our country, which  cannot control the border crisis; for the infection of the COVID and  coronavirus situation in our country, because, obviously, coronavirus  could be rampant among these folks.   The Biden-Harris administration could not be doing worse if they  intentionally set out to mismanage the situation. This past weekend, it  became clear that it is not just a situation on the border, but it is  also a situation in Louisiana.   On Friday, KTBS, a Shreveport news outlet, reported that U.S.  Immigration and Customs Enforcement--ICE--dropped off approximately 80  Haitian immigrants with little or no warning to local government and  law enforcement officials.   And, again, this is multiple levels. I presume that these folks are  dropped off because we are out of capacity, but let's think about the  individual being dropped off. A source told KTBS that the men had  money, but some of the women had little or no money--no contacts, no  money, they don't speak the language, dropped off in a strange city.   Multiple Louisiana outlets are reporting approximately 400 immigrants  from 42 countries have been dropped off by ICE in Shreveport since the  end of March, but this is the first we heard. In Baton Rouge, WBRZ, the  ABC affiliate, had photos and video of a similar dropoff in Baton Rouge  on Friday, July 16. Monroe, LA, had a similar situation; Natchez, MS,  similar as well.   We called ICE over the weekend, and yesterday, they--we actually  spoke to the acting director. He told me the dropoffs are ``not our  common practice.'' I would argue that releasing migrants without  notifying local officials--at least the NGOs that can give them help,  particularly when there isn't--when some of them have no money, no  contacts, no place to go, is not good. And he acknowledged that. In  fairness, he acknowledged that that was a mistake and that the number  of 70 was too large a number.   He denied that it was a problem of capacity, but, frankly, when we  see what is happening at the southern border and then we see a whole  group of 70 being dropped off without the organization required to make  sure there is seamless entry into our society, that tells me that there  probably is a capacity problem.   Again, you cannot imagine a worse immigration policy and execution of  what we have seen in the first 6 months of this administration. It is  incoherence; it is dysfunction. It appears that Washington told ICE:  Just send them someplace with, again, little or no notice to State and  local officials.   We have to ask: Does the President, does the Vice President care  about controlling the border? Do they care about communities? Do they  care about these immigrants? It is almost as if they are wishing that  the issue be swept under the rug   Unfortunately, the crisis continues to worsen. I don't know if there  is a plan. I say that because if there is a plan, we have not yet seen  it executed. What we have seen is that record numbers of people are now  coming into our country. It is more as if hands are being thrown up in  the air.   I will also say there was a lot of criticism of what President Trump  did, but it is my observation, whatever the last thing the last  President did was the first thing that worked because it is not as if  they tried the immediate solution first off. It is like they worked  through some things that didn't work and they finally got to where they  were able to stem the tide.   So if it is the era of ``let's do the opposite of what President  Trump did, even if it is the only thing that has ever worked,'' we are  in trouble.   I do think it is time for the Biden administration to admit they were  wrong and to begin going back to that which appeared to work.   I want to thank the people of Shreveport. They have been kinder than  the Federal Government in terms of helping people out--the churches,  the NGOs that came out to help folks. As one of them said, the  Scripture teaches us to help those who are aliens in our land.   They have been willing to handle the situation when the  administration failed. But the charity of the American people is not a  substitute for a coherent policy, and this is an issue for the  executive branch, specifically President Biden and Vice President  Harris, who was personally put in charge.   We need to get it right. We need answers. We need accountability. We  need sound immigration and border policies, and it starts with securing  our southern border and enforcing our laws.   Again, the current situation is unfair to everyone--the migrants, the  community, our country. The situation in Shreveport, Monroe, and Baton  Rouge shows the failure of the policies. I don't think they are the  only communities dealing with this, and we will continue to deal with  it even more so until we have a controlled border.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Ashley  Roberts, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the day.   