C. Parish, William Calhoun  Parish. He was born in Galveston, just 10 years after Granger's  Juneteenth announcement.   Black Texans began celebrating Juneteenth the following year, and  year after year for the last 150-plus years. Communities across the  Nation have created their own traditions and events to honor and  commemorate this historic moment as a day of freedom.   It is not just a cultural celebration for African Americans. It is a  true testament to the endurance of our democratic ideals of liberty and  equality.   So, we need to pass H.R. 1320, the Juneteenth National Independence  Day Act, establishing Juneteenth as a Federal holiday to further cement  the importance of this date in our Nation's historical narrative on  freedom.   I thank Congresswoman Jackson Lee, again, for introducing this  legislation, and I am a proud cosponsor. The last time Congress enacted  a Federal holiday, I believe it was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s  birthday, and it took nearly 20 years for it to pass. We cannot let  this idle.   Each year, Juneteenth compels us to confront the darkest chapter in  American history, a chapter born in the Middle Passage, continued  through slavery, and manifested today through systemic racism. Our  Nation's racial past has consistently led to inequities in income,  education, employment, healthcare, and the wealth gap of African  Americans.   We must use Juneteenth to reflect upon the dehumanization of enslaved  Africans in America but also to honor their legacy because ``and still  we rise.''   The labor stolen from enslaved Africans built this country. Black  people created some of the most cherished national symbols, all while  considered merely three-fifths of a person under our Constitution.   We must honor and recognize the millions of men, women, and children  lost to the brutality of slavery. As a Nation, we must reckon with the  true nature and legacy of slavery in the United States and acknowledge  how it has allowed a false racial hierarchy to permeate and infect our  society today.   That is why, Congresswoman Jackson Lee, it is time to pass H.R. 40,  legislation to establish a commission to study and develop  reparations--championed, again, by a great Texan--to repair this  damage, and my resolution, H.R. 19, calling for truth, racial healing,  and transformation.   It is way too long. It is past overdue. We must repair this damage  and move forward.   Madam Speaker, I thank Ms. Jackson Lee for this evening. I thank our  CBC chairwoman, Joyce Beatty, and our vice chair, Mr. Horsford, for  this Special Order tonight. I think it is very important that the  history be told of Juneteenth and how it connects to today and systemic  racism.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for honoring my ancestors.  [[Page H2730]]        