 Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I want to  make a few remarks on Senator Menendez's request for unanimous consent  on the nomination of Donald Lu to be Assistant Secretary of State for  the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs and also on the  nomination of Brett Holmgren to be the Assistant Secretary of State for  Intelligence and Research.   The reality is that had these nominees been confirmed in August, they  would have done nothing to stop the administration's disastrous  withdrawal from Afghanistan.   President Biden bears responsibility for the catastrophe that has  unfolded in Afghanistan. President Biden repeatedly ignored reasonable  advice and the intelligence on what was happening on the ground in the  runup to the disastrous withdrawal.   He abandoned the Bagram Airfield well before August, setting the  stage for the chaos at the Kabul airport. He wasn't even listening to  his staff on what needed to be done on Afghanistan.   Instead, he imposed an arbitrary deadline for political purposes,  with disastrous results.   I am not going to object to consent on this individual, Mr. Lu, and  on Mr. Holmgren, in a moment, that Senator Menendez will ask for, but  let's be clear. The administration has tried to play a blame game to  deflect blame for their absolute failure to conduct a reasonable and  rational drawdown, to deflect blame for President Biden's decision to  abandon Bagram to the Taliban, to deflect blame for President Biden's  indefensible decision to give the Taliban a list of names of Americans  and Afghans who are now very much in harm's way and in jeopardy because  of the foolishness and the manifest incompetence of this  administration.   None of the nominees I have holds on would have made one difference  in what happened in Afghanistan. And it is difficult to believe that  even my Democratic colleagues believe, political talking points  notwithstanding, how, for instance, the Assistant Secretary for  Educational and Cultural Affairs could have stopped President Biden  from gift-wrapping Bagram Airfield and giving it to the Taliban.   It is also important to provide a little bit of background on why  these holds are in place in the first place.   President Biden is not following the law. He is refusing to follow  the law which mandates the imposition of sanctions on Nord Stream 2.  Those sanctions had succeeded, had halted Nord Stream 2 in its place,  and President Biden transformed an incredible foreign policy victory  into an incredible foreign policy defeat.   When President Biden came into office, he willfully and brazenly  disregarded the law, and he allowed Nord Stream 2 to continue on its  road to completion, which was, in effect, a multibillion-dollar gift to  Vladimir Putin at the expense of Europe's security and at the expense  of American national security.   However, there is still time to stop Nord Stream 2 if we act quickly.  A pipeline that isn't 100 percent complete is effectively zero percent  complete. And I am not going to stop working to halt Nord Stream 2 to  stop Russia and to prevent Vladimir Putin from economically  blackmailing our European allies and threatening American jobs.   These consents--and, more broadly, what the administration is engaged  in--is a blame game trying to distract blame from their own actions.  But it is worth noting that I have offered to lift my holds from the  beginning. And, indeed, over a month ago, I extended the offer to  Treasury Secretary Yellen, to the National Security Advisor in the  White House, and to Senator Menendez that I would lift these holds-- lift the holds on Treasury nominees and lift the holds on State  Department career nominees if the administration either imposed  sanctions under CAATSA, the Countering American Adversaries Through  Sanctions Act, or if they waived those sanctions in such a way that it  would trigger Congress having an override vote.   On August 5, I extended that offer directly to Secretary Yellen.  Unfortunately, the administration hasn't acted on it. They have decided  that their policy of gift-wrapping a multibillion-dollar pipeline for  Vladimir Putin and Russia was so important that they wanted to deny  Congress even a vote on it under CAATSA.   CAATSA was passed for precisely these circumstances--for an  administration that refused to follow U.S. law  [[Page S6450]]  and refused to comply with tough sanctions on Russia. That is what the  advocates of CAATSA argued. This is a mechanism to force an  administration to obey U.S. law and stand up to Russia.   Now, at the time, the Democrats believed they were speaking about the  Trump administration, but the principles behind CAATSA apply equally to  Joe Biden's defying the law and giving this gift to Vladimir Putin at  the expense of U.S. national security interests.   This administration has had a path for months to clear these  nominees. It has declined to exercise that path. That path remains  before it, nonetheless, because this nominee and the next one are  directly relevant to cleaning up the mess that the Biden administration  has made in Afghanistan.   I do not object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object for the same  reasons I just articulated--that this position, as with the previous  one, is directly related to trying to clean up the mess, the disaster  that the Biden administration has created in Afghanistan.   I intend not to object to this nomination.   The remaining holds remain in place, and the administration can lift  the Treasury hold and the career state holds anytime they want by  following the law under CAATSA and either imposing sanctions or, if  they don't want to impose sanctions on Russia, triggering a vote in  Congress so that this body can decide whether or not sanctions could be  imposed on Russia. The administration has had that option in front of  it for many weeks. It still has that option.   I do not object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I lifted my  hold on this nominee a number of weeks ago, and for that reason, I do  not object.    Madam President, reserving the right to be object, as I  described minutes ago, the Biden administration is in outright defiance  of Federal law. An overwhelming bipartisan majority of the Senate and  the House have passed tough sanctions on Russia--sanctions that work;  sanctions that shut down the Nord Stream 2 pipeline for a year. But  when President Biden came into office, he chose to override Federal law  and instead to give a multibillion-dollar gift to Vladimir Putin in  Russia. That decision is a generational geopolitical mistake. It harms  U.S. national security interests, it benefits Russia, and it hurts  Europe.   Moreover, my hold on these nominations, I have expressed to the  administration in writing and orally over a month ago. They have a path  to lifting the hold on the Treasury Department nominees and the career  State Department nominees simply by either enforcing sanctions under  CAATSA on Russia or overriding those sanctions and triggering a vote in  this body where Members of this body can register our views on whether  Joe Biden is correct in giving this multibillion-dollar gift to  Vladimir Putin that undermines our national security.   Accordingly, I object.   