 Mr. President, I am really honored to follow my  colleague from Massachusetts, Ed Markey, one of the premier founders-- the father--of E-rate, who knows better than anyone how investment in  online learning and connectivity can make a crucial difference in all  of our lives--in the lives of seniors, in the lives of people who live  in communities of color, and in other underserved areas of our country.  Most importantly, it can make a crucial difference in the lives of  schoolchildren. Most crucially, right now, the simple, stark fact about  this pandemic is that it has locked out of classrooms millions of  students around the country. We need to get those students back into  the classroom, and it has to be done safely.   In the meantime, online learning is going to be critical for them.  Yet substantial numbers--most especially in communities of color--lack  the connectivity and the devices they need to open classroom doors. In  many of those households, working parents simply can't be around to  supervise their children. It is more than just the nuts and bolts of  devices; it is learning about how to learn online, but at the very  least, the nuts and bolts have to be there, and that is why this  American rescue program is so critical to the lives and learning of  these millions of students.   The simple fact is that this homework gap is no longer a gap--it is a  chasm. The homework gap has turned into a homework chasm and a homework  crisis that threatens to set back students by months and even more. The  fact is, right now, students are estimated across the country to have  lost 3 to 5 years. In communities of color, that loss may be even  worse, and once students have suffered that loss in learning, catching  up, overcoming it, and bridging that gap is very difficult and  sometimes impossible to do, which is a lifelong potential setback for  them.   We are, in effect, disadvantaging American education by allowing this  homework chasm to continue.   The American rescue program provides a model--it provides money but  also a model in how the homework gap can be bridged and the chasm  avoided.   We have made a promise. America makes a promise to its students that  the basics of education will be provided so they can have an equal  chance at the American dream. We are failing to keep that promise.   Now, there is really nothing mysterious about how to bridge this gap.  In fact, I am proud to say that my State of Connecticut has done it  very significantly--I am tempted to say ``has done it,'' but nobody is  perfect.   Connecticut has built a program called Everybody Learns at the  initiative of our Governor, Ned Lamont, who has used Federal money from  the CARES Act. We have used significant private philanthropy--for  example, from Ray and Barbara Dalio, great citizens of the State of  Connecticut, and their foundation, which has contributed mightily,  particularly in the Hartford area, where the leadership of Mayor Luke  Bronin has been absolutely critical. What they have done, very simply,  is provide tens of thousands of tablets, the kind of devices that are  necessary for students to connect, and they have provided hot spots so  that students have that way of reaching the internet. No mystery-- simply hard work and money. Most important, commitment.   I am asking my colleagues today for that same commitment to our  Nation and to Connecticut, which needs to finish the job of connecting.   The Secretary of Education--or the nominee for that position--Miguel  Cardona, knows very well the importance of online learning. He has  championed it in Connecticut. Yesterday, he testified about it to the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, and he is going to be  a very steadfast advocate, a trusted champion for online learning. But  he, too, needs the tools and the resources.   Think of it not as a spending item, not as a funding measure; it is  an investment. It is an investment in the basics of devices and  connectivity. It is an investment in our young people.   Connecticut has made that investment, and we should not be skimping  or cutting corners on our young people. We should not be, in effect,  shortchanging them at this critical time when connectivity, broadband,  online learning are really the lifeline for them.   Let's put them online with this lifeline and give them the ability to  continue their education, even as the pandemic locks them out of  classrooms. They may be physically no longer in person, but online,  they can connect. If they are denied that online access, they will be  truly locked out of learning, not just locked out of their classroom,  and that would be a disgrace for this Nation.   I thank my colleagues for what I hope will be their commitment to  continuing American teaching and education online during this  unparalleled, uniquely painful and difficult time in our Nation's  history. We can make it is easier for students. We can save them the  homework chasm and the homework crisis.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Secretary of the Senate be authorized, in relation to the pending  impeachment trial of former President Trump, to print as Senate  documents those documents filed by the parties to be immediately made  available to all parties, and that at the conclusion of the trial,  those douments be printed together as a Senate document.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague  Senator Brown on an issue that should be close to all of our hearts,  which is strengthening our VA so that it can provide more assistance,  more help, and more support for our Nation's heroes.   I had the great opportunity last Sunday to spend time at the West  Haven VA Hospital, where literally thousands of vaccines are being  administered hour by hour to our veterans. Around 25 percent of the  veterans of Connecticut eligible to receive it have had vaccinations  administered to them. That 25 percent is way above the 10 percent of  the entire population of our State, and it is a great beginning. Under  the leadership of Al Montoya at the West Haven VA and his remarkable  team, our Nation's heroes are receiving the vaccinations they need and  deserve. More than 8,000 already--and the staff of the VA, 2,500--have  received vaccinations. Not all want it, but the VA is reaching out to  them--literally, person by person--to ask them to come and ensure them  that this vaccine is safe and effective. Most assuredly, it is.   So the VA is moving forward, but much more needs to be done. A lot of  that VA target population is among the most vulnerable by virtue of  age, by virtue of preexisting conditions, by virtue of their service  and exposure and comorbidity. That is why this plan, the American  Rescue Plan, in its distributing COVID-19 vaccines to veterans, is so  critically important. There are 9,000 VA patients who have died of  coronavirus. Although 1 million nationwide of our veterans have  received vaccinations, there are many, many more who have not. These  vaccines are reaching the arms of veterans, but the VA system needs  support and the investment to do its job.   Likewise, this pandemic has imposed mental health burdens on our  veterans. The veterans who are shut in--likewise, the veterans who have  no homes and veterans in all parts of the country--have been stressed  and strained just like everyone else--in fact, maybe more so. Medical  health services available through telemedicine are more important than  ever, but they alone are not going to accomplish this purpose. Again,  what we have seen in Connecticut through the CBOCs, what is  accomplished from telemedicine, and what is provided through counseling  all show additional investment will produce even better care for our  veterans.   A lot of our veterans have debts. Some of them are medical debts.  They need help. This American Rescue Plan provides assistance for them.  I have been a longtime advocate of extending VA healthcare to more  veterans. I am proud this plan would allow struggling veterans to get  more healthcare at the VA, but relieving veterans from the burden of  medical costs is not enough. We need to deliver stimulus payments,  unemployment insurance, and aid to small businesses so that we can lift  the broader economic pain brought on by COVID-19. Veterans are part of  our general population, and those general programs are part of what we  owe them.   All of these programs need more oversight and more vigorous scrutiny  as we go forward in order to prevent the kind of waste or delay that we  have seen sometimes in veterans' programs. That is why the funds for  the VA would be directed, in part, to oversight by the VA Office of the  Inspector General. Through oversight by the inspector general, in  combination with rigorous congressional oversight, we can ensure that  these dollars are being spent effectively and in accordance with  congressional priorities in a way that best supports our veterans.   A broader plan is also necessary, a broader infrastructure plan that  will, for example, reconstruct and rehabilitate the West Haven  hospital. It dates from the 1950s. It has a new shell, but its  structure is aging and aged, degrading and sometimes, in some ways,  decrepit. The VA has done a great job of sustaining and maintaining it,  but this reconstruction is absolutely necessary. A capital investment  must be made as our VA facilities, our ports and airports, roads and  bridges all are in need of vital repair and reconstruction. That is  part of the broader plan that must be undertaken. Priority must be  given to those VA facilities.   Just a few months ago, we suffered in Connecticut a tragic accident  when two workers at that VA hospital were killed while they were doing  maintenance. It was unnecessary, avoidable, preventable, but it  demonstrated the weaknesses and defects in the construction that  remains in that hospital. It must be remediated and improved. The best  way to do it is through a new building, not just a new exterior, not  just cosmetic work but, truly, an infrastructure program that keeps  faith with our veterans.   There is no excuse for delaying this COVID-19 rescue plan. Delay is  unconscionable. Time is not on our side. We need decisive, bold, and  big action to meet the needs that our veterans have and that all of the  American people have in this time of unique, painful, and continuing  crisis.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   