 Mr. President, we all know that our country is facing a  drug crisis. I think it is pretty well known, as the CDC has reported,  that over 100,000 Americans died from a drug overdose over a recent 12- month period.   Although fentanyl drugs are heavily responsible for this, we are  battling the fight on many fronts. For instance, synthetic drug use is  evolving and, of course, very dangerous; same thing for  methamphetamine, which is very much on the rise.   Too many lives are being lost. That is why I have been busy working  on legislation to stop this epidemic, bills like this title of a bill:  Stop the Importation and Manufacturing of Synthetic Analogues Act of  2021.   For too long, criminals have been skirting the law. Do you know how  they do it? By changing the chemical makeup of a drug. They keep ahead  of regulation-writing. They keep ahead of Congress making laws.  Congress is kind of in a situation of playing the deadly game of whack- a-mole as law enforcement tries to keep pace with savvy drug dealers.  My bipartisan bill nips this deadly cycle in the bud. This bill would  control synthetic substances similar to known drugs while the more  time-consuming testing, research, and analysis can be performed.   Also, methamphetamine abuse and use is very concerning. The volume  and purity of meth smuggled from Mexico into the United States is at a  near alltime high. To address this dire situation, I joined with  Senator Feinstein of California to reintroduce the Methamphetamine  Response Act. This bill declares meth an emerging threat and requires  the Office of National Drug Control Policy to develop and implement a  national plan to prevent meth addiction and overdoses. This is a  necessary step to combat meth in Iowa and, of course, in the rest of  the country.   The Senate passed, very recently, the Meth Response Act. In fact, it  was passed this week. The House must act quickly to get the bill to  President Biden's desk. Meth is rampant, and action should not be  delayed.   I also joined with Senator Feinstein to reintroduce a cannabidiol and  marijuana research bill to encourage scientific and medical research on  marijuana. Instead of rushing into legalizing or decriminalizing  marijuana, we need a better understanding of that plant and its  potential benefits but also to know what the side effects are. Let's  not put the cart before the horse here in the Senate.   I have also been active as cochairman of the Senate Caucus on  International Narcotics Control. Along with the chairman, Senator  Whitehouse, we held hearings examining the Federal response to the drug  overdose epidemic and the nexus between illicit drug trade and  corruption.   I also convened a field hearing in Iowa to hear from grassroots, the  experts there and the constituents there, about our own State's  efforts--drug control, prevention, and treatment efforts. At that  hearing, we had a sad story by a father, Rod Courtney from North  Liberty, IA, sharing his story of losing his son Chad 5 years ago due  to fentanyl. Rod's powerful testimony is just one instance of the  struggles families face from drug abuse.   Stories like Chad's are why I sent multiple letters to the Biden  administration to proactively and permanently schedule fentanyl-related  substances. We did get a positive response. I am glad to see that the  Biden administration has taken my advice and probably the advice of a  lot of other Senators as well and recommended permanently scheduling  fentanyl drugs.   Yet the administration proposes shielding fentanyl dealers from  mandatory minimums. These dealers are potential killers. This watered- down position flies in the face of our current crisis with fentanyl. We  have to keep our neighborhoods safe and must hold poison peddlers  accountable. That is particularly true with fentanyl offenders.   I am happy to say that, with my support, Congress has extended the  lifesaving scheduling authority into February, but don't be fooled--we  still need a permanent solution.   With the close of 2021 on the horizon, it is natural to reflect. One  hundred thousand overdose deaths is an unspeakable tragedy. Each loss  is a loved one, a friend, or a neighbor. We must find solutions to this  crisis, and I look forward to being part of that solution.  [[Page S9177]]    I hope my colleagues will join me in moving those bills.    Mr. President, many times my fellow Senators have heard  me say that my definition of a university is a place where controversy  ought to run rampant. The point of going to college is not for all  students to come out thinking exactly the same way. College is for  ideas to be challenged. To weed out ideas we disagree with, we need  open debate, not to shut down the conversation. Students of all stripes  should be able to say what is on their mind.   Institutional free speech should not be partisan. You can have  partisan discussions, but the merely speaking of it, right or wrong,  you agree or disagree, should not be a partisan issue or even be a  controversial issue. Everyone is hurt if ideas are not frankly  discussed by the next generation.   Thankfully, Iowa has recognized this reality. So this spring,  Governor Reynolds signed a bill into law that helps codify free  expression in Iowa's public colleges.   Now, it sometimes feels like Washington, DC, can forget common sense  on this issue as well as a lot of other issues. But in Des Moines, the  bill passed both chambers of the Iowa Legislature with just 1 single  ``no'' vote out of 150 senators and representatives.   But here we are nationally. We seem to be heading in the wrong  direction in regard to free speech on campus and discussion of some  controversial issues. As recent as 2016, majorities of students were  confident that the First Amendment was secure, but now it looks like  there has been a chilling effect on too many campuses.   According to a more recent poll, 80 percent of the students now say  that they self-censor. In other words, 80 percent of the students are  afraid to voice and give their support or opposition on certain issues.  Hostility to freedom of expression is being heard loud and clear by our  students.   But somehow it doesn't seem like the donors seem to be listening to  what is happening on these college campuses. I have tried to highlight  this overlooked group of donors in the free speech debate. Students and  faculty are limited by the threat of getting canceled on campus. But  donors have much more sway if they want to take advantage of it.   Now, it seems, unfortunately, these alumnae don't seem to consider  free speech when they make a decision to donate, because their donation  would have some power behind it if they would take the time to say what  they think about how universities ought to be an environment where  controversy runs rampant.   We have a poll of donors to one college that found that the vast  majority thought that freedom of expression should be a priority on  campus, but only 20 percent said it was clear their alma mater protects  speech in practice. Now, this is among donors, those who have already  given despite their concerns. That is despite donations representing up  to 19 percent of college budgets.   There are more examples than I can count of donors withholding  contributions and making real concrete change. Donors have stopped  speakers from being deplatformed and overrode the veto of the crowd.   It is time to stop pretending that alumni have no say. Earlier this  year, I joined the Campus Free Speech Caucus here in the Congress. That  caucus tries to preserve this trend. I am also a cosponsor of the  Campus Free Speech Resolution, which urges greater First Amendment  protection in America's universities.   But this is not a problem that can be solved by any bill in the  Senate. Thankfully, that tide is starting to turn. One of the first  colleges to make a move was the University of Chicago. In 2015, the  university president sent a statement on free expression to the  incoming freshmen. He showed in that letter how both sides of the aisle  are hurt when campuses clamp down on open debate. He called out what  are considered ``trigger warnings'' and ``safe spaces'' while praising  academic freedom.   Now other colleges in our country are slowly starting to follow suit.  So far, 75 schools have released similar statements, but, of course, 75  schools is only a fraction of all the colleges in the United States.   To continue this progress we need individual Americans to make their  voices heard. Ultimately, being a democracy means that we are able to  listen to each other and do it civilly. We ought to be able to  respectfully talk about where we agree and disagree, not sweep those  disagreements under the rug and, in the process, silence those who do  have the guts to speak out.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   