 Mr. Speaker, I surely thank my good friend, the gentleman  from Colorado, for the opportunity to speak and the importance of this  subject.   Ladies and gentlemen, in the thirties and forties, they banned and  burned books. That was just what they had at the time. They weren't  really banning the book; they were banning and burning the idea--the  ideas, the differences of opinion. I submit to you that that fascist  regime then did what this cancel culture is doing right now.   We have already talked about Major League Baseball canceling the All- Star Game in Atlanta and acting like we don't know that there are more  restrictive States elsewhere, including the State that it went to. It  is absolutely ridiculous.   Facebook canceled the Great Barrington Declaration, a declaration of  medical professionals and scientists who declared that lockdowns had  adverse effects on physical and mental health and we would be better  served by focusing on the protection of people who face a high risk of  mortality should they become infected.   How dare they. How dare they not accept the narrative, the dogma, the  groupthink. Who do they think they are?   Google fired employee Kevin Cernekee for the crime--what was his  crime? He held conservative views.   How about OSU Coach Mike Gundy? What was his crime? Wearing the wrong  T-shirt while fishing.   That is how absurd this gets. And it just keeps on going, ladies and  gentlemen. It doesn't stop.   Of course, President Trump, the President of the United States, was  canceled by big tech, banned from Twitter, likely permanently banned  from Facebook and, as has already been stated, by the same companies  doing business with and helping the Communist Chinese Government  oppress its citizens, the same companies that allow the Ayatollah to  freely transmit over their platform. No problem there. And it just  keeps on going.   I mean, the President talked about hydroxychloroquine in the early  stages of the pandemic as a potential solution or treatment. Man, who  knows? I mean, it has been around since the 1940s. How dare he. And how  dare the doctors who believe in him and believe the same thing. Who do  they think they are when the press and the cancel culture says no way?   Of course, the worst of it, a Representative right here in this body,  the gentlewoman from Missouri, and 54 of her colleagues sought to  cancel 140 Members of Congress for objecting to the electors in several  States due to the election irregularities and constitutional  infractions in these States, including my home State of Pennsylvania.  They introduced H. Res. 25, calling for the removal of those Members  from the House of Representatives. They don't bother telling you that  they themselves objected to more States in 2016 than the Republicans  did in 2020. Let's cancel them. Free speech has been canceled.   If you want to protest and burn your city down, protest is great.  Violence and rioting is not accepted, except when it is. But think you  are going to the church in the same town? Canceled.   Your right to protest. You can riot, yes. But come to the Capitol and  address your grievances with your elected representatives, no.   Ladies and gentlemen, cancel culture is a synonym for fascism; and  the sooner we recognize it, the better off we are going to be at  dealing with it.   