 Mr. Vice President, I want to say, before we begin, thank  you for the way you have fulfilled your constitutional duties and your  oath of  [[Page S22]]  office today. Obviously, it hasn't been easy.   Colleagues, today has been ugly. When I came to the floor this  morning, I planned to talk about the lesson of 1801 because I am kind  of a history nerd, and I wanted to celebrate the glories of the  peaceful transition of power across our Nation's history. It feels a  little naive now to talk about ways that American civics might be  something that could unite us and bring us back together.   Now, 1801 blew everybody's mind all over the world, by the way. John  Adams loses to Thomas Jefferson, and Adams willingly leaves the  Executive mansion and moves back to Massachusetts, and Jefferson  peacefully assumes power. People all over Europe said: That must be  fake news. Those must be bad reports. There is no way any Executive  would ever willingly lay down power. Yet Adams, in defeat, did  something glorious to give all of us a gift.   I wanted to celebrate that, and it feels a little bit harder now.  This building has been desecrated. Blood has been spilled in the  hallways. I was with octogenarian Members of this Chamber who needed to  have troops and police stabilize them to get down the stairs at a time  when a lot of our staffs were panicked and under their desks and not  knowing what was going to happen to them.   It was ugly today. But you know what? It turns out that when  something is ugly, talking about beauty isn't just permissible; talking  about beauty is obligatory in a time like that. Why? Why would we talk  about beauty after the ugliness of today? Because our kids need to know  that this isn't what America is. What happened today isn't what America  is.   They have been given a glorious inheritance for the 59th Presidential  election. If the Vice President wasn't in the Chair and if the  President pro tempore was, I would have made some joke that Chuck  Grassley has voted in two-thirds of those 59 Presidential elections. He  is laughing. It is not as good as ``hit deer, deer dead,'' but it still  got a Grassley laugh.   I don't think we want to tell the Americans that come after us that  this republic is broken, that this is just a banana republic, that our  institutions can't be trusted. I don't think we want that. We don't  want that in this body, and we don't want that in our hometowns. I  don't think we want to tell our kids that America's best days are  behind us--because it is not true. That is not who we are. America  isn't Hatfields' and McCoys' blood feud forever. America is a union.   There is a lot that is broken in this country but not anything that  is so big that the American people can't rebuild it, that freedom and  community and entrepreneurial effort and that neighborhoods can't  rebuild. Nothing that is broken is so big that we can't fix it.   Generations of our forefathers and our foremothers--probably not a  word--and our ancestors have spilled blood to defend the glories of  this republic. Why would they do that? Because America is the most  exceptional nation in the history of the world and because the  Constitution is the greatest political document that has ever been  written. Most governments in the past have said might makes right, and  we saw some of that hooligan nuttery today. Might makes right. No, it  doesn't.   God gives us rights by nature, and government is just our shared  project to secure those rights. America has always been about what we  choose to do together, the way we reaffirm our constitutional system.  We have some governmental tasks, and we all in this body could do  better at those governmental tasks, but the heart of America is not  government. The center of America is not Washington, DC.   The center of America is the neighborhoods where 330 million  Americans are raising their kids and trying to put food on the table  and trying to love their neighbor. That is the center of America.   We are not supposed to be the most important people in America. We  are supposed to be servant leaders who try to maintain a framework for  ordered liberty so that there is a structure that, back home where they  live, they can get from the silver-framed structure and order to the  golden apple at the center, as Washington would have said, which is the  things that they build together, the places where they coach little  league, the places where they invite people to synagogue or church.   Sometimes, the biggest things we do together are governmental, like  kicking Hitler's ass or like going to the moon. Sometimes, there is  governmental stuff. But the heart of America is about places where moms  and dads are raising kids, and we are supposed to serve them by  maintaining order and by rejecting violence. You can't do big things  like that if you hate your neighbors. You can't do big things together  as Americans if you think other Americans are the enemy   Look, there is a lot of uncertainty about the future. I get it. There  is a lot that does need to be rebuilt. But if you are angry--I want to  beg you--don't let the screamers who monetize hate have the final word.  Don't let needlists become your drug dealers. There are some who want  to burn it all down. We met some of them today.   But they aren't going to win. Don't let them be your prophets-- instead, organize, persuade, but most importantly, love your neighbor.  Visit the widower down the street who is lonely and doesn't want to  tell anybody that his wife died and he doesn't have a lot of friends.  Shovel somebody's driveway. You can't hate somebody who just shoveled  your driveway.   The heart of life is about community and neighborhood, and we are  supposed to be servant leaders. The constitutional system is still the  greatest order for any government ever, and it is our job to steward it  and protect it.   Let's remember that today when we vote.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Democratic leader.   