 Madam Speaker, this administration's assault on  American energy--oil, natural gas, and coal--is causing energy prices  to surge. They say they are doing this to address climate change, but  make no mistake, this is not about carbon, it is about control.  President Biden and his liberal allies in this body do not want our  Nation to return to the energy independence we had just 2 short years  ago because it means they would have less control over our daily lives.   They want working families to feel economic pain in order to force  them to change their behavior and reject fossil fuel generated  electricity.   Consider this. Gas prices are up 61 percent over last year.   It is estimated American families could face a 54 percent increase in  their home heating bills this winter.   When asked about its plan to lower energy prices, the Biden  administration essentially told us that high energy prices are  punishment for using fossil fuels--oil, gas, natural gas, coal--and  that sacrifices must be made to make progress on the climate crisis,  something China and Russia are absolutely not willing to do.   Surging energy prices in the Biden administration's out-of-control  government spending that is causing inflation to surge to more than 6  percent is causing everything to cost more, from gasoline to groceries.   Yet, while this Thanksgiving could be the most expensive in history,  one administration official called this inflation tax a ``high-class  problem.''   Put simply, when inflation increases, wages decrease. Everyday goods  cost more. It hurts the poor, the middle class, our seniors, and those  living day-to-day on a fixed income the most.   Make no mistake, hardworking Americans can't afford this  administration's agenda and its complete lack of compassion and respect  for working families any longer.   I urge my colleagues to stand up to this administration's far-left  social reengineering agenda and the assault on fossil fuels that will  continue harming the very Americans they claim so much to want to help  the most.   