 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to  Amendment No. 3, which directs the Office of Management and Budget  (OMB) to reclassify public safety telecommunications officers, also  called 911 dispatchers, as a protective service occupation in the U.S.  Government's Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) system. This  Amendment would have no direct effect on these workers' wages,  benefits, or other resources; proponents of this reclassification have  stated that it ``would provide validation.''   The SOC classification system is a federal statistical standard used  across agencies in data collection. According to OMB, ``[t]he SOC is  designed exclusively for statistical purposes.'' Changes to the codes  affect multiple data sources frequently used by policymakers,  researchers, and employers, including the American Community Survey,  the nation's largest household survey; the Current Population Survey  (CPS), the key source of our monthly employment numbers; and the  Occupational Employment Statistics (OES), the authoritative source of  employment and wage information by occupation. These changes would  undermine the intent and legitimacy of the SOC by deviating from the  long-established process designed to ensure the objectivity and  integrity statistical data classifications more broadly.   A standing committee at OMB, the SOC Policy Committee (SOCPC), is  responsible maintaining the accuracy of these codes using well-defined  principles. The SOCPC undertakes a routine revision of the codes  roughly once per decade; the process spans multiple years and  ``involves extensive background research, periods of public comment,  review of comments, and implementation of revisions.'' During its  latest revision, which began in early 2012 and was finalized in 2018,  OMB specifically rejected comments requesting it reclassify 911  dispatchers as directed in Amendment No. 3. In its response to public  comments presented in the May 2014 Federal Register, the Obama  Administration's OMB explained it ``did not accept these  recommendations based on Classification Principle 2, which states that  workers are coded according to the work performed. The work performed  is that of a dispatcher, not a first responder.'' In 2016, OMB declined  a similar request for reclassification. Based on the principles OMB's  policy committee applies to determine SOC codes, 911 telephone  dispatchers are already properly and accurately classified. This point  was reiterated in communications with the Education and Labor Committee  in 2021, explaining ``After an extensive technical review of the  requested reclassification for 911 dispatchers, OMB, consistent with  the recommendation of the Chief Statistician of the United States,  decided not to make such an adjustment because it is inconsistent with  the statistical purposes of the SOC.''   Furthermore, the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), in a written  communication with the Education and Labor Committee on September 26,  2021, reported that the change made by H.R. 1175, a bill identical to  Amendment No. 3, would ``will introduce costly, unnecessary logistical  and data interpretation delays and challenges affecting the quality of  data.'' Moreover, changes outside of the routine revision process would  undermine the goal of data continuity, limiting data sources'  usefulness for their key purpose of statistical analysis; create  precedent for disrupting the standard SOC revision process; and  undermine the SOCPC's authority as experts to apply the classification  principles to determine what accuracy requires.   Public safety telecommunications officers perform critical,  challenging work. They deserve our honor and gratitude for their  efforts. However, considering the many alternative ways policymakers  could confer ``validation,'' as the proponents are seeking, there is  little policy justification for this Amendment's approach to achieving  that goal. The SOC is not intended to rank or group occupations by  education, credentials, earnings, benefits or any other user-defined  indicator of status.   In conclusion, mandating a change to a statistical code would not  affect these workers' wages, benefits, or other resources--but it would  disrupt data series continuity; require significant additional work for  government agencies, researchers, employers, and others; and intervene  in an official, routine government data-collection and statistical  process.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act which would deliver  a win-win-win for stormwater-stressed ecosystems; the military; and  communities, like Hampton Roads, that host military installations. I  was pleased to introduce this bipartisan amendment with support from my  Hampton Roads colleagues, Representatives Luria and Wittman, as well as  Representatives Sarbanes and Brown from Maryland and Representative  Mace from South Carolina.   Flooding that occurs on and around bases jeopardizes military  readiness and compounds the stress of military families. In addition to  causing flooding, stormwater also remains a stubborn source of  pollution in the Chesapeake Bay, complicating the ongoing work to  restore this national treasure. For that reason, I introduced this  amendment to enhance both community resilience and the health of  waterways.   As rainwater falls on and travels across pavement and other  impermeable surfaces, it picks up all kinds of things--nutrients from  lawn fertilizer, pet waste, sediments, and chemicals that pollute the  Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries. Because climate change and  unchecked emissions are heating up our atmosphere and oceans, extreme  precipitation events and deadly storms, like Ida, have become more  severe. In addition to more frequent and severe precipitation events on  land, climate change-driven sea level rise also wreaks havoc on coastal  stormwater systems, especially during high tide.   My amendment would help address the growing threat stormwater poses  by expanding the authorization of existing infrastructure and  resilience programs to help slow, store, and filter stormwater on  military bases and in the communities that host them. Through the  implementation of low impact design and installation of stormwater  management features like stormwater ponds, rain gardens, permeable  pavement, cisterns, and tree boxes, my amendment will reduce the stress  on water infrastructure and address both the issue of flooding and  stormwater pollution.   The military recognizes climate change as the ``threat multiplier''  that it is and I am grateful for the Department of Defense's  partnership in the coordinated effort to restore the Chesapeake Bay.  This amendment will provide the military the authorization it needs to  integrate its work to enhance mission readiness with its work to  protect the communities and watersheds in which installations are  situated.   While we continue to work to enhance resilience in Hampton Roads and  beyond, we must also work to rapidly mitigate emissions and protect  precious carbon sinks--like the Chesapeake Bay--to avoid the worst of  the climate crisis.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment in en bloc number  four.   