 Mr. President, sometimes we don't all agree on things  here in this Chamber, but I think we can all agree that a quality  education has the power to uplift and transform someone's life. It is  the key to freedom and the key to opportunity.   I know this because I have seen it firsthand. I have coached and  mentored hundreds of student athletes over my 40-year career. I  witnessed the difference an education can make in the outcome of  someone's life, how it truly creates a pathway to success.   In fact, that is one of the reasons I was inspired to be an advocate  for better educational opportunities for all Americans--because  investing in our children's education is investing in our country. It  is like putting a downpayment on our country's future success by  creating opportunity.   I have recruited hundreds and hundreds of students from across our  country. I have been in their homes. I have seen how they live, and I  have seen how they have grown up. Unfortunately, for many children from  difficult backgrounds, a large percent coming from one- or no-parent  homes, real opportunities can be hard to come by--very hard.   Regardless of what town that they lived in or what their family was  like, I wanted my athletes to know that education can open many, many  doors. Most of them understood and appreciated. As I have said many  times before, the only thing that this country owes you as a citizen is  an opportunity, and I still believe that is true.   There is a lot that goes into making the decision to go to college.  Students often think first about the cost, or they could be the first  in their families to attend college. My parents didn't attend college.  One worked in manufacturing. The other worked on a line. They were very  supportive of my decision, but I still had to figure out a lot on my  own, and it is a huge decision.   But there is always the question: Is this the right place for me?  Will this school provide me with a path forward for success and a  productive future?   Many students across the country have turned to historically Black  colleges and universities, better known as HBCUs, to answer these  questions because of the pathway HBCUs provide. While they are  respected for their strong traditions, HBCUs are the ultimate  opportunity creators for students all across this country. Serving  nearly 300,000 students annually in 21 States and territories, HBCUs  have made tuition costs more affordable, costing 30 percent less, on  average, than other higher education institutions. And because of that,  60 percent of the HBCU attendees are low-income, first-generation  college students. HBCUs not only knock down barriers, but they build  upon the inherent potential of their attendees.   I am proud that the great State of Alabama is home to 13 HBCUs, the  most of any State in the Nation. These colleges are major contributors  to communities across our State, producing more than 15,000 jobs  annually for our local economies. And they also prepare students for  the 21st-century job market.   Let me tell you a bit about some of the great things that HBCUs in my  State have accomplished. Among their many contributions, Alabama HBCUs  have helped to fill the continuing need for more African Americans in  STEM--or science, technology, engineering, and math--professions. For  companies desperate to recruit top talent for entry-level STEM roles,  HBCUs offer thousands of highly qualified candidates.   As part of this effort, Alabama State University offers the Minority  Science and Engineering Improvement Program. This program focuses on  giving undergrad STEM students a chance at hands-on research and  professional development opportunities. In fact, Alabama State  University just announced a new partnership with Apple where it will  become a center for coding and creativity.   In Montgomery, Trenholm State offers free STEM courses for dual  enrollment students to allow high school students to get a jump start  on their college careers.   But it is also important to recognize that HBCUs support low-income,  first-generation college students in meeting and exceeding their  postsecondary educational goals.   Alabama A&M University recently announced its new master's  apprenticeship program for social work--the first of its kind by any  HBCU in the country. This investment in our students  [[Page S6469]]  and communities will help to ensure that we will have more social  workers to meet the needs of the underserved that are in our  population.   Tuskegee University, home of the renowned scientist George Washington  Carver and the Tuskegee Airmen, leads the country in African-American  aerospace science engineer graduates--leads the country.   Oakwood University in Huntsville is one of the top universities  sending minority undergraduate students to medical schools.   And, just this year, the achievements of two Stillman College  students and two Talladega College students were recognized by the  White House as part of the prestigious HBCU Scholars Program.   Traditional 4-year degrees aren't suited for everyone. I noticed that  in my years of coaching. Everybody does not need to go to a 4-year  university. And Alabama HBCUs have a strong tradition of empowering  students through the vocational and technical programs that they offer.   In as little as 6 months, a student at Lawson State Community College  in Birmingham can launch a career--just in 6 months. Their vocational  programming provides low-cost and fast-tracked avenues for students to  gain subject-matter expertise in industries like HVAC work and building  construction.   Meanwhile, Gadsden State Community College is working to make a new  Advanced Manufacturing Center part of its future to help prepare  students for the roles that the manufacturing industry will be filling  in the coming years.   Finally, we have repeatedly seen that when Alabama HBCUs collaborate  with local businesses and government agencies, communities thrive,  innovation occurs, and progress is made.   Shelton State's Fire College is responsible for training paid and  volunteer firefighters and EMTs.   Bishop State Community College just partnered with Alabama Power to  offer a 9-week electric line worker training program--only 9 weeks. The  graduates of this new program will be the power restoration experts  that people rely on in times of need, such as a hurricane, which we  have just gone through several in the last few months in the South.   Drake State created a satellite tracking station in partnership with  NASA and an amateur radio station that serves as FEMA's relay station  during local weather watch activities.   And throughout its history, Miles College has had a strong  relationship with the surrounding community, promoting racial equality  for African Americans. During the civil rights era, President Lucius  Pitts helped to negotiate race relations and supported his students'  desires to participate in nonviolent protests.   Overcoming decades of adversity and opposition, HBCUs continue to be  competitive educational institutions with programs for students who  want higher education, career-tech training, or to position themselves  for better employment opportunities. We need to honor accomplishments  by the HBCUs and celebrate their significant contributions to our  society.   Over the last decade, my colleague Senator Tim Scott from South  Carolina has been focused on doing just that. I am thankful to have  joined him the last month to introduce a resolution to formally  designate the week of September 6 as National HBCU Week. Because of  their work and the work of their leaders, these institutions are  deserving of national recognition.   Last week, during National HBCU Week, there were many tributes about  the work of these great colleges and universities, about the impact  they have made in the lives of so many people across this country and  the impact they have made on many, many lives.   While this week was a chance to recognize the many ways HBCUs  contribute to our society, our recognition shouldn't stop at one week.  We should honor their work by continuing the conversation for how we  can support these institutions for years and years to come.   HBCUs have given a gift--a gift of education and an opportunity--to  so many in Alabama and across our Nation. I hope my colleagues join me  and Senator Scott in recognizing their tremendous, tremendous impact on  a lot of young lives of people all across our country.   I yield the floor.   