 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here to talk about the  President's Build Back Better agenda and its importance to our country.   We have heard a lot over the last couple of months about the new jobs  that that plan will bring. It is estimated by economists that it will  generate 4 million jobs every year for the next 10 years. That is  because we are going to be investing in modernizing our infrastructure.  [[Page S6972]]    We have already heard about the important work to modernize our roads  and our bridges, expand our transit systems, build out the  infrastructure of the 21st century, including high-speed internet to  every American household and every small business.   We have talked about the importance of deploying a clean energy grid  and making sure that we move toward a clean energy economy. That will  put millions of Americans to work in good-paying jobs. If you are  generating that kind of economic activity, that kind of wage  opportunity, obviously, that is good for every American household and  brings in more income.   But, today, I am going to gather with some of my colleagues,  organized by the Senator from Minnesota, Ms. Klobuchar, who will join  us shortly, to talk about how the Build Back Better agenda will not  just generate millions of jobs and good-paying jobs, but help the  dollars that Americans have in their pockets and bank accounts travel  faster, how it is going to save them money.   Now, one way it is going to save money is for families with kids.  They are going to get a tax cut. In fact, that tax cut was put in place  as part of the American Rescue Plan that we passed earlier this year.  As a result of a tax cut for families with kids, families around the  country right now are getting up to $300 per child to help cover the  everyday costs of raising kids and addressing the needs of a family.   That will also cut child poverty in half, but only for this year. It  is currently scheduled to terminate at the end of this year, that tax  cut for American families with kids. So one of the things we do in the  Build Back Better agenda is extend that for many years because it  doesn't make sense to have that terminate and have those families stuck  with all those additional costs.   But there is also another way that the Build Back Better agenda is  going to help every dollar that comes into the family bank account go  farther, and that is by reducing the costs that they face in so many of  their everyday household expenditures.   I want to focus on a couple of areas. One is in the area of  childcare, one is in the area of healthcare and prescription drugs, and  the other is the energy costs and gas costs that so many families face.  The Build Back Better agenda is going to lower the costs for American  families in those areas so that the income they have will go much  further.   I want to start with childcare because working parents with infant  children are scraping by today to pay for childcare, paying, on  average, $1,300 every month to get licensed care.   Under the Build Back Better agenda, if you look at the projections,  you will see that Marylanders--families in my State of Maryland--will  see their childcare bills cut nearly in half with weekly savings of  $141 every week. That is $7,322 a year for childcare costs--lowering of  childcare costs for those families.   If you think about the need to try to get more people in the  workforce, it is understandable that if you are a parent with kids, you  want to make sure that when you go into the workforce, your kids have  an affordable and secure place during the day. And right now that is  not an option for millions of American families. So one of the things  this proposal does, the Build Back Better plan, is dramatically reduce  those costs for childcare.   The proposal will also cut prescription drug costs for seniors. We  have been having a debate for years about the need to allow Medicare to  negotiate for lower drug prices on behalf of all of us, on behalf of  all the beneficiaries in Medicare.   The Veterans' Administration negotiates drug prices for veterans who  are in their care, and yet we don't allow Medicare to negotiate drug  prices. This is nuts. And it runs up the costs for Medicare because if  you don't get to negotiate price, the pharmaceutical companies get to  set the price wherever they want. So this proposal, the Build Back  Better plan, will cut those costs and reduce prescription drug costs  for Part D premiums by 15 percent.   We are also proposing to expand Medicare to cover vision, dental, and  hearing services. This is a big gap in the current Medicare Program.  Right now, seniors, on average, each year, are paying $914 out of  pocket for hearing services, $874 for dental services, and $230 for  vision services. Our proposal would cover that big gap in the Medicare  Program.   I am going to talk for one moment about energy prices because we all  know we have to move to a clean energy economy. We are going to make it  easier to do that as we put more Americans to work in that area.   One of the things that is proposed is a generous electric vehicle tax  credit of up to $12,500. This will make it easier for Americans to  afford those cars. It is much easier to run a car on cheaper  electricity than on gas.   But it is also going to help folks who continue to drive their gas- powered cars for years to come, because if we get more people into  electric cars, that means less demand for gas, and so that means the  folks who continue to drive in their gas cars will get lower gas  prices. And we all know that gas prices have been on the rise.   Finally, talking about energy savings--you know, the best way to save  energy money is to make sure that we don't waste as much energy. All of  us know that we have homes, in many cases they are not that well  insulated. So part of this plan also includes help to homeowners to  more cheaply make their homes energy efficient. That means, with a  given amount of power, they will heat their homes at cheaper costs  because there will be less wasted energy.   In situation after situation, if you look at this bill, not only will  it generate more jobs at better wages, not only will it provide working  families with kids with tax cuts, but it will also help Americans save  money on everything from prescription drugs to childcare, to energy  prices, and many others.   That is what economists have said, and that is especially true  because we are going to pay for this by finally requiring big  corporations to pay their fair share and not allow them to hide so many  of their profits offshore in places like Bermuda and the Cayman  Islands. And we are going to ask the very wealthiest, billionaires, to  also pay more for the success of the entire country.   So I just want to emphasize the fact--because we hear so much  misinformation in this Chamber about what is in the Build Back Better  agenda--that in addition to the jobs and higher wages, it is also going  to help save families money on their bills so that their dollars will  travel farther.   I yield the floor.   