 Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator from Oregon, and  I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania too.   We passed the American Rescue Plan, as Senator Wyden said, to get  shots in people's arms, money in people's pockets, get kids back in  schools, and people back in jobs. Stimulus checks are already going out  the door in Hawaii, in Pennsylvania, in Oregon, and Ohio. More than 100  million checks are already in Americans' bank accounts. We promised in  campaigns, we promised in January we would do this and we would do this  quickly.   Five million Ohioans are going to get a check. We know predatory debt  collectors are already lining up to try to take a cut of those checks.  We know it costs more to be poor in this country. So often the debt  collectors come after you. Just to cash your check, there often is a  fee and all the bank fees that they have.   We passed the rescue plan to put money in people's pockets so they  can pay bills and buy groceries and spend money in local businesses.  They can buy a washer perhaps made by American workers in Clyde, OH, or  new tires for their cars made at Goodyear in Akron, OH. Maybe they are  looking forward to throwing a small high school graduation party in  their backyard--after they get their vaccines--with a cake and a  barbecue from a local restaurant.   That is why we passed these checks, to support families, to support  local economies, not to line the pockets of predatory private debt  collectors. That is why I appreciate Senator Wyden's work with us on  this bill to protect Americans' stimulus checks from financial  predators.   We know how aggressive private debt collectors are. They harass  people. They prey on workers trying to make ends meet, and now they  want to take this money before it even reaches Americans' bank  accounts.   Last year, as Senator Wyden said, we joined colleagues Grassley, a  Republican from Iowa, and Scott, a Republican from South Carolina, to  pass bipartisan legislation to protect people's money.   It shouldn't be different this time. We are still in a public health  crisis. Whether you voted for or against this American Recovery Act is  immaterial. We have a choice. Whose side are you on? Are you going to  protect workers and their families or are you going to side with debt  collectors?   I yield my time back to Senator Wyden.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   