 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for giving  some extended time to recognize Jerry Lewis, who was a statesman, a  Congressman from the Inland Empire, a good friend to all of us.   Jerry really was a one-man institution on Capitol Hill, having served  in the House for more than 30 years. Jerry was extremely effective at  serving his constituents. He always kept his constituents in the Inland  Empire in mind, and he was always popular with them. Jerry never lost  and never received less than 61 percent of his vote in any of his  congressional races.   Jerry was a veteran Congressman, and when I first came to the House  in 2003, I actually already knew him, because, as was typical of Jerry,  he liked to work with young people. At the time in the eighties and  nineties, him and Congressman Bill Thomas from Bakersfield, they would  organize conferences for young people to teach them about policy and  politics. And I went to many of those events, which I have fond  memories of, and when I look back at that, those were really important  events in my life that probably inspired me in some way to ultimately  serve with Jerry. I will always be thankful for that.   When I did come to Washington as a Representative, Jerry became a  close friend, a mentor. Jerry taught me the ropes and how to assimilate  and deal with sometimes the strange ways of doing things around here.   Also, back home in California, there are many times that I had the  opportunity to visit both Jerry, his wife Arlene, Mr. Calvert,  memorable times at dinner doing constituent events, getting to know his  area and always focusing as a whole on how we could do things better in  California and work together.   Jerry ultimately became one of the most influential and well- respected Members of the House, earning admiration and affection on  both sides of the political aisle and serving his long tenure with  distinction.   Jerry was a good friend and a true statesman who will be missed not  only in these Halls of Congress but also, as well, in California.   I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding, and I also thank Mr.  Calvert for organizing this tribute to Mr. Lewis.   