 Madam President, I rise today to pay tribute to an  extraordinary public servant and Michigander, Eric Feldman.   Since my first days serving in the U.S. House of Representatives more  than 12 years ago, Eric has served as my chief of staff. I still  vividly remember him coming to my home just a couple of weeks after my  election to interview for the chief of staff position.   I was immediately impressed by his extensive knowledge of American  politics and his passion to serve the people of the State of Michigan.   But to fully know Eric is to know his family's story and how it  shaped the man he is. All four of his grandparents survived the  Holocaust. His maternal grandmother was imprisoned in Auschwitz and  Bergen-Belsen, among others. His maternal grandfather was in a forced  labor camp in Plaszow. His grandparents met and married in the Bergen- Belsen concentration camp. They were liberated from there and remained  after it was converted to a displaced persons camp following World War  II. That camp is where Eric's mother was born.    His grandparents and mother immigrated in 1949 to Detroit, where his  grandfather worked as a janitor at Ford Motor Company during the day  and worked as a tailor at night. His mother won a full scholarship to  the University of Michigan from Ford Motor Company as part of a program  for employees.   Eric's paternal grandparents fled Poland on the eve of the Nazi  German invasion. They survived the war as slave laborers in Siberia,  where Eric's father was born. Following the war, they immigrated to  Israel before settling in Detroit. Eric's father went to Wayne State  University, thanks to the GI bill, after serving honorably in the U.S.  Air Force.   After immigrating to Detroit, Eric's family worked hard, and they  were able to achieve the American dream. There is no question that  their life experience and their journey instilled in Eric a sense of  service and devotion to country.   As a freshman Member of Congress, I was fortunate to have Eric on my  team. He brought with him extensive political and policy experience,  having worked for Congresswoman Nita Lowey, Leader Nancy Pelosi, and  Rahm Emanuel. He built on that experience, leading our office with  steady, unwavering leadership, brilliant vision, and wise counsel.   Through four reelections--including my election to the Senate and  reelection last year--and many crises impacting Michigan and our  country, I entrusted Eric to help ensure that we were able to come  together, solve tough problems, and ultimately deliver results. He  never flinched. I could always count on Eric to work with our team to  develop creative ideas to tackle challenges or empower staff to make  [[Page S1581]]  sure that we were on the leading edge of issues critical to Michigan.   He has guided my office through countless high-profile events and  crises: the great recession and auto crisis, the Flint water crisis,  several government shutdowns, the COVID-19 pandemic, the January 6  attack on the U.S. Capitol, and two impeachment trials. Through it all,  Eric has provided stability and focus--a focus on working in a  bipartisan manner to pass important legislation and to make progress  for Michigan and for our entire country.   Last week, I was humbled to be recognized by the Center for Effective  Lawmaking as the most effective Senator in the 116th Congress.  Recognition of this sort does not happen without having an incredible  team. Eric played a critical role in helping me enact 10 bills into  law--the most of any Senator from either party over the last 2 years.   And I know that Eric will tell you, without a doubt, that there is no  ``I'' in team. As a leader, Eric has focused on hiring talented staff,  both in DC and across Michigan, staff that humbly, selflessly, and  effectively serve the people of Michigan each and every day. With  Eric's laser focus on what is best for Michigan, together with our  team, we have secured record funding to protect the Great Lakes, worked  to increase security at our Nation's borders, expanded apprenticeships  and skills training, saved taxpayer dollars, and made the Federal  Government more efficient, all the while standing up for Michigan  workers, including those working in our auto industry.   Eric is always on the leading edge, and he has distinguished himself  through his work with Michigan's auto manufacturers and automotive  stakeholders. In particular, Eric has helped drive policy efforts  focused on innovation and emerging technologies so that in the near  future, self-driving vehicles will not only be safely deployed and save  thousands of lives on our highways but also be developed and built in  Michigan and in the United States, creating good-paying jobs for the  next generation of workers.   At every step of the way, through all of his hard work, Eric has  carried himself with his characteristic enthusiasm and passion. It is  only fitting, as an alum of the University of Michigan and a fervent-- very fervent--Wolverine fan, he has, and I quote, an ``enthusiasm  unknown to mankind.'' Whether it is policy, politics, casework, or an  issue important to constituents, there is no doubt that Eric approaches  it with keen interest and with high energy and that he will think  through every single possible angle.   But Eric has been much more than just a chief aide. Colleen and I  feel incredibly fortunate not only for all that Eric has done to lead  my office and deliver for the people of Michigan; we count on him as a  confidant and a dear friend.   Eric, you will be missed dearly as you depart for your next endeavor  in the private sector. But I am grateful for what you have built, and I  know that it will endure--a culture of teamwork, hard work,  productivity, and a commitment to what is best for Michiganders   Eric, Colleen and I know that you have devoted countless hours to a  job that you love while balancing the two most important roles in your  life: being a loving husband and a father. I have been proud to watch  you celebrate many of life's milestones over the years, including the  birth of your two beloved sons, and I will certainly never forget your  eldest son Avi's birthday on November 4, 2014, the day Michiganders  elected me to the U.S. Senate.   Eric, Colleen and I wish you much success, and we hope you enjoy this  next chapter with Dena, Avi, and Ethan. Know that Colleen and I will  always be thankful beyond measure for your service and for your  leadership and that you will forever be part of Team Peters.   I yield the floor.   