 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose this $2.5  trillion debt limit increase which this Congress is voting on without  any discussion of how this debate will ever be repaid.   Over the past year, Congress' record levels of spending has sparked  record-breaking inflation. Just last week, our nation hit its highest  inflation rate in 40 years with current annual inflation for the twelve  months ending in November at 6.8%. As a consequence, real average  hourly earnings decreased by half a percent in November. Surging costs  for food, energy, housing, and other items have left the average  American family reeling. In my California district, the average price  of a tank of  [[Page H7819]]  gasoline has increased over $20 since January, while the price of  natural gas is up more than 25 percent.   Congress is not only spending at a level that is well beyond our  self-imposed limits, but also beyond what our economy can safely  handle, and Madam Speaker, instead of reducing our spending and finding  places to save as any American family would, this institution is  working to push through another multi-trillion-dollar social spending  package that would drive our debt and our inflation further into  crisis.   Madam Speaker, this unconscionable spending is the epitome of  irresponsible governance. We must take measures to end this reckless  spending and put our financial house in order. To that end I have  introduced two bills that the House might better spend its time  considering in the coming weeks instead of continuing debate on the  reckless social spending bill.   My Constitutional Amendment to balance the budget would amend the  U.S. Constitution to ensure total federal spending for a fiscal year  does not exceed the total amount of federal revenue. It includes off- ramps that encourage bipartisanship in times of crisis and would end  the seemingly-endless cycle of budget deficits.   Likewise, my Finding Federal Savings Committee Resolution would help  to cut back on government waste by creating a bipartisan committee in  this body to identify underperforming and nonessential federal programs  and recommend their elimination or modification. Neither of these ideas  are partisan, nor are they radical. They simply take steps to solve a  problem that this body has continued to kick down the road for future  generations to repay.   Madam Speaker, this Congress must do better. I call on my colleagues  to reverse course, to stop this reckless spending, and to vote no on  raising the debt ceiling without a plan to repay our debt.   