 Mr. President, yesterday, I came to the Senate floor and  spoke on President Biden's vaccine mandate. I explained that I have now  come to this Chamber a total of 16 times and offered 12 different bills  that would counteract, limit, or, in one way or another, restrain the  vaccine mandate. I also explained that, unfortunately, each of these  bills has been rejected by Democrats in the Senate.   I have spoken to Utahns and folks from across country who have  expressed to me their frustration at moving goalposts and changing  expectations in the middle of the pandemic. President Biden's vaccine  mandate, which has been halted now by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Fifth Circuit, happens to be among the latest attempts to force  Americans to make health decisions under the threat not just of  unemployment but also under the threat of becoming unemployable.   That is a taxing burden for anyone to bear. Anyone who has kids at  home or  [[Page S8334]]  if they don't have kids at home, if they are just supporting  themselves, these days all Americans are helping someone or something  that they love, that they care about, and they ought to have the  opportunity do that. They ought not have their ability to make a living  threatened by virtue of a distinct religious belief or a particular  medical concern or a particular desire not to receive a particular  treatment.   I will reiterate here what I have said before. I have been  vaccinated. My family has been vaccinated. I believe that the vaccines  are helping countless Americans be protected against the dangers of the  COVID-19 virus.   Just the same, there is a big difference between believing the  vaccine does good and receiving the vaccine, on the one hand, and, on  the other hand, saying that anyone who disagrees or who thinks that it  is not right for them, for one reason or another, ought to be fired  from their job and rendered unemployable as a result. That is very,  very different. That is something that very few Americans would agree  is right.   In fact, according to a recent Axios poll, only 14 percent of  Americans believe that someone who decides not to get the vaccine  should be fired as a result of that decision.   Now, in some lines of work, this sort of thing is already coming into  play. For example, our military servicemembers and frontline workers  who sacrificed so much to care for and protect the American people  during the pandemic are already being forced out of work. I have heard  from many members of our Armed Services from Utah who are being  discharged under less-than-honorable conditions and under conditions  that are in no way, shape, or form appropriate in light of their many,  many years of faithful, honorable service to this country. They are  losing their jobs--and not just their jobs but also their benefits,  their dignity, their ability to serve further. You know, I have  introduced and offered up a bill that would help them, but Democrats  objected to that.   On November 4 of this year, a couple of weeks ago, the Centers for  Medicare and Medicaid Services--known as CMS--imposed a requirement  that all healthcare workers at facilities participating in Medicare and  Medicaid be vaccinated by January 4. This requirement, if it takes  effect, will affect millions of Americans in tens of thousands of care  centers across the Nation. And unlike the mandate imposed by OSHA,  which has now mercifully been stayed, at least for the pendency of the  litigation pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit,  this mandate--this particular mandate--gives no option for testing if  someone has religious, moral, or medical objections to the vaccine.   Now, let's just think about this on an individual level. There are  nurses in this country who worked faithfully and tirelessly throughout  the pandemic, without regard to their own circumstances, in some cases  without regard to their own health, their own sanity, putting their  lives at risk at times. They have gone to work caring for others, and  they have saved lives in the process. They accepted the risk, and they  were rightfully heralded as heroes for doing that. They still are  heroes, and they still should be heralded as heroes. But many of these  same nurses caught COVID at work and have recovered. They are, in fact,  heroes.   But now the Biden administration is giving them an extraordinary--and  I would add extraordinarily cruel--ultimatum; one that I don't think I  have ever seen in government; one that I didn't ever expect I would see  in government. Those very same doctors and nurses and other healthcare  workers--the same people we appropriately described as heroes--can  either get a medical procedure they don't want or lose their current  employment and any future realistic prospect of employment.   Let that sink in for a moment. What if this were you? What if this  were your spouse or your child, someone you loved? What if this were  your friend or your neighbor? The truth is, these people fit into all  those categories. They are not our enemies. They are our friends, our  neighbors, our family members, our loved ones. At a minimum, they are  people who served valiantly throughout a pandemic, and they should not  be punished; they should be thanked.    These heroes will be thanked for their service with a pink slip and a  boot out the door as they become outcasts in the very profession that  they have selflessly chosen and the very profession for which they have  spent a lot of money and a lot of time receiving training and the very  profession to which they dedicated their lives. What a tragedy. What a  needless, senseless tragedy.   These are not abstract anecdotes. This isn't just hypotheticals,  speculation. No, not at all. I have heard from hundreds of Utahns who  risk losing their employment if these vaccine mandates take effect.  They are everyday Americans. They are good Americans. They are valiant  Americans. Oftentimes, they are struggling to make ends meet and to  feed their families. They are our neighbors, our friends, our  caretakers, our heroes. They deserve the respect that is necessarily  implicit in the ability to make decisions for themselves, including  these decisions for themselves.   Additionally, as a practical matter, it is extremely foolish to be  pushing healthcare professionals out of their jobs at the precise  moment when our healthcare system is under such incredible strain.  Hospitals are understaffed as it is. I mean, a lot of places are  understaffed. Hospitals are particularly understaffed even without this  mandate. So requiring medical facilities to fire perfectly good doctors  and nurses and technicians is only going to further strain our system  and place more Americans at risk of serious harm.   So today I am offering my 13th bill in the effort to curb the vaccine  mandates. My Respecting Our Frontline Workers Act would simply prohibit  any Federal Agency from requiring that staff and healthcare facilities  be vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of that facility being  able to participate in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP. But this bill  would provide certainty to our Nation's healthcare heroes and honor the  sacrifices that they have made to help Americans in need at a time when  we were, as a country, facing great need. It will keep our healthcare  system strong during what is still a really difficult time. This bill  is the reasonable, compassionate answer to the current situation. I  encourage my colleagues to support it.   To that end, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3225, which is at the  desk; I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the thoughtful remarks from my  friend and colleague, the distinguished Senator from the State of  Oregon.   The Senator from Oregon and I have spent a lot of time working on a  number of issues together. He and I agree on a number of issues and  have worked together to ensure the privacy of the American people and  make sure that they are protected from an overreaching government, one  that sometimes has intruded on them in violation of the spirit, if not  also the letter, of the Fourth Amendment.   I remember when I first came to the Senate, the Senator from Oregon  took me to lunch and we had a good chat. He introduced me to a lot of  concepts in the Senate and has always been a good friend to me.   I feel the need to respond to some of these issues. Yes, I, too, like  my friend and colleague, the distinguished Senator from Oregon, wish  that we didn't have to come to the floor to discuss these things. I  wish that it weren't necessary because I wish that we weren't even  talking about firing people, about people losing their jobs, becoming  unemployed and possibly unemployable as a result of Federal policy that  refuses to allow people to make decisions on their own.   Insofar as my friend, the Senator from Oregon, describes the policy  of firing people who refuse to get the vaccine as necessary to protect  the elderly, I would respectfully submit that quite the opposite is  true. We are actually imperiling those who might need medical treatment  the most, including the sick and the elderly.   Insofar as we destabilize our healthcare workforce--which, make no  mistake, this maximum mandate does; it does that unquestionably-- remember that the CMS mandate that we are talking about, unlike the  OSHA mandate, doesn't give any option to allow for testing, for  example, if someone has a religious or a moral or a medical objection  to the mandate.   So what this really is going to do is it is going to take a lot of  people out of the healthcare workforce and sideline them.   Yes, this is going to be devastating to those individuals. You are  suddenly taking away their means of providing for their needs and those  of their family. It would be absolutely devastating to them, as I  mentioned a minute ago.   This is also a field in which they invested a lot of time and money-- sweat, blood, and tears--to getting the education and professional  certifications necessary to work in a field that has a lot of  requirements attached to it, and with good reason. It is not good for  anyone, least of all the elderly, to destabilize that same workforce.   Insofar as we are going to talk about what is better for the  healthcare system, I just would respectfully reach the exact opposite  conclusion of that proposed by my friend from Oregon. This isn't going  to make things better. It is going to make things worse.   My friend from Oregon also described the approach that I am taking of  protecting the individual healthcare worker's right to make an  appropriate decision without government interference; described that  and, as I understood it, my other efforts to try to curb the more  egregious impacts of the vaccine mandates imposed by the Biden  administration as somehow unnecessarily suppressing access to the  vaccine.   I want to make very clear that just is not accurate. I would state  that as not at all consistent with what I am doing. Not a single one of  my proposals would suppress access to the vaccine.   Each time I have come to the floor and talked about these things, I  have made very clear that I have been vaccinated. Every member of my  family has been vaccinated. I have encouraged everyone I know to get  the vaccine. The vaccine, really, is a medical miracle of sorts, and it  is one that is protecting a lot of people.   Not everyone agrees with me. But the fact that they don't agree with  me, the fact that they don't agree with President Biden or anyone else  in government doesn't mean they should lose their job for it. But it  sure as heck doesn't mean that firing them because they won't get the  vaccine and then opposing the effort to force their firing would  somehow amount to an act of suppressing access to the vaccine.   That is a logical syllogism that just doesn't work. In no way, shape,  or form would we be suppressing access to the vaccine if we liberated  the American people from an overreaching executive who is insisting  that people be fired if they don't agree with the President's  officially sanctioned view on vaccines.   My friend also noted that people are safer when they get vaccinated.  I believe this is generally true. I don't think it is going to  encourage more people to get vaccinated by telling them that they are  going to get fired if they don't.   Particularly with the subject matter we are covering today, where we  are talking about the CMS end of the vaccine, these are people who work  in healthcare. These are people who are highly educated in it, who have  professional certifications, in many cases, graduate degrees in  healthcare. They can make their own informed decision as to what to do.  I tend to believe that people are generally safer when they get  vaccinated, but that doesn't mean that firing them is the right thing  to do.   Look, finally, my friend from Oregon--and I don't use that term  loosely. He and I talk regularly. He was in my office earlier today,  and we were talking about an upcoming game between the University of  Utah and Oregon. When he refers to frightening remarks regarding the  vaccine, I am not sure what he is referring to. I hope he is not  referring to remarks debating the merits, or lack thereof, of vaccine  mandates. Nothing about these remarks should strike anyone as  frightening.   What I think would be frightening would be if tens, if not hundreds,  of millions of Americans are threatened with getting fired based on  their refusal to get the vaccine. I don't think we will ever reach a  point where there are that many people who decide not to get  vaccinated. It is certainly not going to be hundreds of millions of  people declining to be vaccinated.   But whatever the number is, it still doesn't make it right for the  President of the United States to just decide arbitrarily that they  either have to follow his medical advice and that of his administration  or get fired; to choose between getting an undesired medical procedure,  or, on the other hand, losing their opportunity to put bread on the  table for their children.   It is not constitutional. It is not within Congress's power. Congress  hasn't exercised that power. It certainly hasn't given that power to  the President of the United States.   Regardless of all those statutory and constitutional arguments, this  is a fundamentally, morally flawed proposition that says everyone has  to get  [[Page S8336]]  this; and if you disagree, you will get fired; we will render you  unemployed and unemployable. This is wrong, and it is especially wrong  to do to our healthcare workers.   Let's not do this. I urge my friend and colleague from Oregon to  reconsider. We can do better than that. The American people expect  more. They demand better, and we need to listen to them.   