 Madam Speaker, my 25 years in private industry taught me  many lessons. One which resonates with me today is that sweeping  industry mandates with no input from those who will be impacted don't  work. No one knows better what the workforce needs to be successful  than the workforce itself.   It seems to me that my colleagues across the aisle have yet to learn  this lesson and are rushing and pushing H.R. 1195, a bill that would  institute a rushed, sweeping initiative that ignores the data and, more  importantly, ignores the people it will effect.   Though H.R. 1195 is founded under the premise of finding solutions  for workplace violence--especially for our healthcare workers and  social service workers, who are most susceptible--this bill clearly  misses the mark.   In tandem, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration also  recognizes the risks that our healthcare and social service workers  face in the workplace. However, this rulemaking process should and must  account for the important views of impacted stakeholders.   There is not a more notable red flag to H.R. 1195 than the fact that  the American Hospital Association came out to oppose it because it  would institute additional restrictions to already struggling rural  hospitals across the country. To ensure long-lasting policy that can  address the complex problem of workplace violence, it is imperative we  develop a solution that seeks input from stakeholders and employers  that goes through the normal rulemaking process.   Our healthcare and social service workers have given so much during  this pandemic, and we owe them a debt of gratitude for their work.  Moreover, we owe them policy that will improve workplace safety without  making it harder for them to do their jobs. We owe it to them to seek  their input.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this amendment, which I am  offering with my colleague, Representative Walberg.   Healthcare and social service workers face real safety risks in the  workplace. This issue demands our attention and thoughtful  consideration.   Unfortunately, H.R. 1195 will result in a rushed and flawed OSHA rule  that will not effectively address workplace violence. This bill is  excessively prescriptive and heavy-handed, prejudging and imposing a  regulation without allowing for necessary stakeholder input and expert  review.   Just as Members of Congress should be working together to develop  adequate solutions to these pressing issues, OSHA should be working  with and listening to industry experts and stakeholders closest to the  problem.   That is why this amendment requires OSHA to follow proper procedures  in their rulemaking process, including inviting meaningful stakeholder  participation, and responding to comments from the public.   The amendment also calls on OSHA to convene the already planned Small  Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act panel before proceeding  with the rulemaking process.   This will ensure that small employers directly impacted by the rule  have the chance to speak on it, allowing for a more informed solution  that empowers workers and employers, not one that cripples them with  overbearing Federal mandates   This amendment would also require OSHA to conduct an educational  campaign on workplace violence prevention in healthcare and social  services industries.   This initiative would target the regulated community and raise  awareness of the issue while also increasing compliance with the  eventual final rule.   Finally, despite the heavy burdens placed on our healthcare system  responding to the pandemic, the Biden administration is considering a  job-killing emergency, temporary standard on COVID-19 that will further  bog down already overwhelmed businesses with sweeping and costly  mandates at the very time that vaccines are widely available and the  economy is recovering at a record pace.   As such, this amendment removes the unnecessary and problematic  requirement that OSHA issue an interim final standard on workplace  violence within 1 year, enabling these facilities to continue fighting  COVID-19 and allowing our entire economy to continue recovering from  economic peril.   We all agree that our frontline workers have shown incredible courage  in responding to this global health crisis and their efforts continue  to be an invaluable part of our Nation's recovery.   We owe it to these heroes to provide a solution that keeps them safe  at work without drowning employers in compliance costs or implementing  overbearing rules and rushed regulations from Washington that do not  take into account their meaningful input.   We owe these frontline workers the opportunity to have their say and  their input. This amendment does just that, and I urge my colleagues to  support it. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   