 Madam Speaker, Democrats are determined to pass their  massive socialist tax and spending bill that will turn the American  Dream into a socialist nightmare.   Democrats are proposing the largest tax increase in most of our  lifetimes. Their $5.5 trillion plan--Senator Bernie Sanders' socialist  spending plan--is the largest spending bill in our history and will  take Americans out of the frying pan and into the fire.   We need targeted infrastructure improvements, but instead, this style  of cradle-to-grave Big Government gives Washington bureaucrats control  over our personal and family decisions.   This spending bill promises to stretch the social safety net to every  American household regardless of need. It promises extreme climate  change proposals like $3 billion for tree equity and $12 billion for  electric cars.   It promises subsidized government daycare, taxpayer-funded free  college classes for illegal immigrants, universal pre-K, and new  funding for gender identity issues and bias training.   The Biden administration is actively trying to gaslight the American  people by claiming that this spending package will cost nothing.   Just this morning I heard the President emphasizing a single  statement three times that the cost of this plan would be zero. This is  an outright lie.   It will be America's middle-class families that foot the bill for  Democrats' multitrillion-dollar giveaway through crippling tax  increases. This massive package will not deliver opportunity or  economic relief, instead it leaves rural America behind and will  accelerate inflation, discourage work, and empower Washington  bureaucrats.   More wasteful spending is not what our economy needs. It has already  contributed to the harmful inflation that Americans across the board  are experiencing. Today, inflation is more than 5 percent, the highest  it has been in 30 years, more than half of my lifetime and more than  the lifetimes of many Americans. Wholesale prices have risen at the  fastest pace on record.   Americans do not want a government that defines them. Rather,  Americans want to be able to define their own government.   We can meet our country's funding needs without jeopardizing our  economic recovery and saddling future generations with more debt.   I ran for Congress because I am worried about the country that we are  going to leave to my sons, Guy and Sam, and to the children and  grandchildren and great-grandchildren of every American. I cannot in  good conscience support a proposal that will mortgage their future,  that will imperil their freedom and liberty.   But Democrats are bent on spending massively to enact their radical  far-left socialist policies that will change our economy, change our  Nation, and change our fiscal future for the worse.   