 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the memory of a true  lion of the U.S. Senate, Michigan Senator Carl Levin. Yesterday, he  passed away at the age of 87, surrounded by his loving family.   Carl was well known as a fierce advocate for Michigan and a force of  nature in the Senate, but the most important thing to him was his  family. He cherished his role as a brother, husband, father, uncle, and  grandfather. And I know his family and his loved ones are all reeling  from this enormous loss. I along with folks all across the State of  Michigan are praying for them during this very difficult time.   Over his 36 years of service to the Senate, the most ever for a  Michigan Senator, Carl made an immeasurable impact. He served as the  chairman of not just one, but two extremely powerful committees. He was  simultaneously a zealous progressive voice in the Senate and one of its  most bipartisan  [[Page S5209]]  Members, able to forge strong relationships with his Republican  colleagues and find pragmatic compromise to get results.   I remember when Carl was first elected to the U.S. Senate, making a  very impressive leap from the Detroit City Council to a statewide  office. I was in college at the time, and over the years, I closely  followed his service and his career in politics. He was someone who I  looked up to and came to know as both a role model and as a mentor.   He was always gracious with his time and his wisdom, and I cherish  the conversations that we had over the years, from my time years ago  serving in the Michigan State Senate to my time in the U.S. House of  Representatives. When Carl announced he would be retiring in 2014, I  sought out his guidance and his blessing to run to fill his seat. As  the campaign progressed, he gave me his endorsement and his full- throated support. I was both honored and humbled.   When I was sworn into my first term in the Senate, Carl presented me  with an old map of Michigan and a handwritten note. It hangs in my  front office to this day, and every time that I walk through the door,  I am reminded of Carl, of his service, and his integrity.   Carl was a unique figure on Capitol Hill. He had no interest in the  trappings of power. He saw service as its own reward. And he could  certainly be a little disheveled in his appearance. He was very frugal.  He wore inexpensive suits, and his loving wife Barbara would routinely  sew up the holes in his pockets so he could get just a few more years  out of his suits. Legend has it he once noticed a mustard stain on his  shirt and he painted over it with Wite-Out so he could get back to  work. His glasses were always precariously perched on the end of his  nose, and he would fix you with a piercing gaze over those rims.  Despite his small stature, he was also an incredibly intimidating  figure, largely due to that gaze, his intellect, and his incredible  work ethic.   Nowhere were those traits more apparent than in his role leading the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, also known as PSI. When Carl  held the gavel, getting a letter or a phone call from his investigative  staff struck fear into some of the most powerful and most corrupt  figures in America. In fact, folks in Washington would quip that under  Carl's leadership, the letters ``PSI'' had a completely different  meaning for people: They stood for ``pretty scary investigations.''   Carl used his chairmanship to stand up for everyday folks--the  Michiganders and Americans--who were working hard every day to pay  their bills and play by the rules. He was furious when there were  people who took advantage of hard-working Americans, and there were  companies who were making millions and even billions of dollars  cheating on their taxes and hurting average taxpayers.   Over the course of his tenure as chair, he took on the corrupt, the  wrongdoers, and the bullies who no one wanted to stand up to, including  major banks, the mob, and even ruthless dictators.   He brought a studious focus to his work, reviewing thousands, and  sometimes even tens of thousands, of pages of documents so that he  would know every single detail in that investigation. His investigative  staff recounted that when he was preparing for a flight to Hong Kong,  he asked for a binder full of documents related to the latest  investigation to review on the plane. His staff put together 1,500  pages of documents for him to read on that flight. When he landed in  Hong Kong, he called and asked his staff to send the next batch. He had  already made his way through those 1,500 pages, and he wanted to see  more.   In every investigation he was tough but scrupulously fair. He was  disciplined and laser-focused on addressing injustices. And he was  dedicated to seeing a fight through to the end, even if it took years.   Over the years, he tackled money laundering, abusive offshore tax  shelters, and executives and bankers who cooked the books, dodged  taxes, and cost workers their savings, their pensions, and healthcare.  One of his greatest legacies at PSI was his work to hold bad actors in  the Federal sector accountable for their abuses.   In fact, after seeing unfair charges on his own credit card and  hearing similar stories from his constituents, he launched an  investigation into predatory credit practices, including charging  interest on debt that was already paid, hiking interest rates even when  bills were paid on time, and manipulating charges to try to secure  additional fees.   After a series of tough oversight hearings and a legislative process  that spanned years, Carl's work became a central part of the Credit  CARD Act of 2009, which prohibited abuse of credit card practices and  helped more than 100 million Americans. He even cast his 11,000th vote  during the process of getting that bill passed.   Whether he was taking on Enron or Goldman Sachs or exposing the  corruption of Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, Carl was focused on  holding the bad guys accountable and protecting the American people  from their misconduct.   And despite serving at a time when Congress was growing increasingly  partisan, he managed to bridge the divide. His staunchest conservative  colleagues knew that if Carl gave them his word, they could count on it  100 percent. Whether he was working with Senator Coburn or Senator  Collins, Carl was able to cooperatively work with his Republican  colleagues, setting an iconic example for how to conduct bipartisan  oversight that my own committee staff today still strives to follow.   Carl carried that same partisan principle to his role as chairman of  the Armed Services Committee, a role that he served in for 18 years.  Whether he was working alongside the late Senator John Warner or the  late Senator John McCain, Carl found bipartisan, commonsense ways to  support our Nation's servicemembers and combat waste and fraud within  the Department of Defense, and he worked tirelessly to strengthen  national security and to keep our Nation safe.   Even though Carl took on such high profile, nationally important  roles, he never forgot his roots and the lessons he learned about  listening to your community during his time as a Detroit city  councilman. He was a powerful advocate for all of Michigan, but  especially for his hometown of Detroit.   I distinctly remember his determination as our Michigan congressional  delegation fought to rescue Michigan's auto industry when it was on the  brink of total collapse. As our senior Senator at the time, Carl led  our delegation with quiet but steady resolve. At a time when so much  was on the line for Michigan, Carl helped fight for General Motors and  Chrysler, which was headquartered in my district, and to save the jobs  of Michigan autoworkers and everyone who depended on them.   Carl was a champion for Michigan's auto industry and a true believer  in the Motor City's ability to lead in vehicle innovation. He was such  a believer in the future of Detroit's auto industry that he even bought  one of Chevrolet's first electric vehicles, the Chevy Volt.   As a former taxi driver in his youth, Carl loved driving himself  around, even if his erratic and aggressive driving style startled and  sometimes scared his staff. And although Carl was ready to put his own  money behind the future of Detroit, Capitol Hill wasn't quite so ready  for electric vehicles. Without readily accessible charging stations on  the Hill, Carl actually ran an extension cord out of his window of his  Russell Office Building to recharge his car's battery.   He also fought relentlessly to build public transportation in  Detroit. He had a vision of light rail that would transport people  through downtown Detroit, and when he believed in something, he  wouldn't take no for an answer, even when the administration of his own  party rejected requests to fund the Detroit rail project.   I recall vividly a meeting between Carl, the Detroit representatives,  and then-Transportation Secretary LaHood, and in classic Carl Levin  style, he peered over the rims of his glasses, held a fistful of  papers, and shook them at the Secretary's direction as he railed about  how we had angels in Detroit who were willing to invest in this  project, but we need the public sector to support it to get across the  finish line.   His arguments were persuasive, and, today, you can ride the QLINE  down Woodward Avenue in downtown Detroit because Carl Levin was so  determined to make it a reality.  [[Page S5210]]    President Barack Obama captured Carl's legacy perfectly when he said,  upon Carl's retirement, that ``if you've ever worn the uniform, worked  a shift on an assembly line or sacrificed to make ends meet, then you  had a voice and a vote in Sen. Carl Levin.''   But perhaps Carl's greatest legacy is the example he set for all of  us. Carl's colleagues, his staff, and his constituents all agree that  one of his most powerful traits was his integrity. He had strong values  and a moral compass that always pointed north. Even years after he  retired, as I traveled around Michigan, folks still tell me how much  they respected Carl. They knew that even if they didn't agree with him,  he was thoughtful and he was considerate. And they would tell me that  while they may not always agree with Carl's votes, they respected his  decision making, and they trusted what he was doing and thought was  best for Michigan and the country.   Those same principles inspired such strong loyalty in his staff that  he became known for having staff members who worked for him for  decades. Carl's fearlessness, thoughtfulness, and independence marked  the epitome of what it means to be a public servant. He followed his  conscience, and he always fought to do what was best for his home State  and for his country   Carl's principled leadership, his dedication for finding common  ground, his relentless pursuit of the truth, and his constant focus on  ensuring that our country works for every American should serve as a  model for all of us.   I am forever grateful to Carl for his leadership, his mentorship, and  for his example. I will always remember the advice he gave me on  election night, after I was declared the winner. He pulled me aside and  said: Just remember, Gary, in the Senate there will be people who will  try to pull you in all sorts of directions, but never forget where you  came from, never forget who you are, and always work to bring people  together, despite the partisanship and polarization around you.   We live in tough times, but he reminded me that people back home in  Michigan are expecting me to get things done and deliver results. It is  advice that guides me every day.   Carl truly represented the best of public service. He did his  homework and knew the issues inside and out. He focused on doing what  was right for Michigan and for our country. He never had an alternative  agenda. He didn't chase front-page headlines or the cameras. He had no  desire to be a political celebrity. He just wanted to get things done.   Carl's light in this world will be sorely missed, but the best thing  we can do to honor his memory is to live by the same principles,  integrity, and kindness that drove his leadership and public service  for five decades. Carl loved doing his job, and he did it with  boundless energy. Whether it was greeting his constituents on the  street or taking on some of the toughest issues in Washington, everyone  was always trying to keep up with Carl.   If we could all bring just a fraction of his dedication, his  integrity, and his intellect to our own worlds, Washington would surely  be a much better place. May his memory be a blessing.   I yield the floor.   