 Madam President, I come to the floor for the opposite  reason. I am thrilled to rise to urge my  [[Page S6818]]  colleagues to support Rohit Chopra to serve as the next Director of the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   I have seen the good work they used to do. They used to have an Ohio  Director. The first Director there was Richard Cordray, a friend of  mine, somebody who stood up for consumers pretty much every day of his  work life.   Rohit Chopra will become the CFPB Director at a time when far too  many Americans feel that the system is rigged against them. You hear  reports about billionaires not paying taxes. You hear these reports  about record profits on Wall Street. You see the influence. Just check  down the hall. Look down the hall. You can see the influence in the  minority leader's office, Senator McConnell. Lobbyists are going in and  out, always getting their way. When a Republican freight train goes  down the railbed full of tax cuts, you know it never stops. It is  always about helping those in charge get wealthier.   As the CFPB Director, Rohit Chopra will be here when people feel like  no matter how hard they work, they don't get a fair shot in this  country. His job will be on the side of the public. His job will be on  the side of the workers.   I know the Presiding Officer sees this job as I do--as putting  workers at the center of our country, at the center of our economy, at  the center of our work here. The Senator from Georgia sees the country  in the same way: putting workers at the center of our agenda. That has  not happened until we had this new President. Now, with Rohit Chopra,  we have the chance to turn this around.    The public has watched the largest corporations amass enormous power  and use it to gain access and influence in this town to write the rules  in their favor. Again, I won't open the door to show you again, but if  you look down that hall, you will see the people going in and out of  the Republican leader's office. They are always gaining access, always  gaining influence, always writing the rules in their favor.   So it is not surprising that most people don't believe there is  anyone on their side, fighting for them in the Federal Government, but  we know that is not true. That is why I know Rohit Chopra will prove  them wrong, and he will fight for all of those who feel like they have  been left on their own.   Even before the pandemic, hard work wasn't paying off. We all know  that productivity has gone up in this country in the last many years;  we know executive compensation has skyrocketed; and we know the stock  market has gone up. But do you know what we also know and what people  feel every day? They feel like their wages have been stagnant. They  feel like they are working harder and harder in Savannah or in  Columbus, GA, or in Cincinnati or Columbus, OH. They know they are  working harder and harder every day, and they are simply not getting  ahead. They feel that they have been left on their own.   Productivity is up, and wages have stagnated. Meanwhile, we know the  cost of housing, the cost of childcare, the cost of higher ed, the cost  of prescription drugs--they all go up--and 40 percent of Americans  aren't able to come up with $400 in an emergency. Before the pandemic,  one-quarter of renters paid more than half their income in rent. You  know what happens there. If you are paying half your income in rent and  your car breaks down or your daughter gets sick or you miss a couple  days of work from a workplace injury, your life changes. It goes upside  down, and you can get evicted.   Then the coronavirus hit, and millions of workers who were one  emergency away from draining their savings turned to a payday lender as  they faced emergencies all at once. Millions of homeowners now have  fallen behind in their mortgages and are at risk of foreclosure--one in  six Latino homeowners, one in five African-American homeowners.   Through it all, we have seen COVID-related scams emerge--scams that  use a global pandemic as a means to cheat their fellow Americans. I  mean, there is always somebody out there. Most of us aren't that way.  Most of us in the Senate and most of us in this country aren't that  way, but there is always somebody out there who will scam their fellow  Americans. As a result, half a million Americans--that is a lot of  people--reached out to the CFPB last year, seeking help. That is 54  percent more than in 2019. Record numbers of consumers complained about  errors in their credit reports or harassment by debt collectors. Those  Americans need someone willing to stand up to the biggest banks and to  stand up to the most powerful corporations and fight for them.   Rohit Chopra has the expertise and the track record to do that, and  he will be America's voice and America's advocate. He has a deep  understanding of financial markets, a strong record of protecting  consumers and workers and small businesses, promoting competitive  markets, and holding bad actors accountable.   In 2018, this body, this Senate, voted unanimously--unanimously--that  is all of us--to confirm Rohit Chopra as an FTC Commissioner. They  voted unanimously. In the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee--it used to be just called the Banking Committee because it  was all about Wall Street; now the word ``Housing'' is in capital  letters in that committee. In that committee a few weeks ago, all 12  Republicans voted against Rohit Chopra. Everybody here voted to confirm  him when he was to go to the FTC. I don't know if any Republicans in  this body are going to vote for him now. It is really kind of shocking  as he has worked with Members of both parties on a wide array of issues  that are important to American consumers.   As Commissioner, he worked with Democratic and Republican State  attorneys general to protect American small businesses and consumers  from foreign goods that were flooding the market with fake ``Made in  the USA'' labels.   I worked on this issue a lot. My colleague Senator Portman from  Ohio--he and I worked together to strengthen, in the bipartisan  infrastructure bill, the ``Buy American'' provisions--stronger than  they have ever been--so that we won't see a project like the Bay Bridge  in California, Northern California, made entirely with steel produced  by Chinese companies--all part of the Chinese Communist Party. We are  not going to see that again. We are going to see what ``Made in the  USA'' means.   Mr. Chopra's job, in part--something that his predecessor didn't do-- will enforce ``Made in the USA.'' If a company puts ``Made in the USA''  on a label, they should hear from the government. You just can't commit  that kind of fraud. In my State, Ohioans look for ``Made in the USA''  because they want their dollars to support our economy. They know it  also means a quality product, and it means made by American workers.   He has led the FTC's recent crackdown on Big Tech. Americans across  the political spectrum were concerned about these huge tech  corporations that seemed to get bigger and bigger and to control more  and more of their lives.   Mr. Chopra authorized the Agency's current lawsuit against Facebook.  This is what he did in the last job he was in when he got unanimous  support in this body for confirmation.   He stood up for Amazon drivers when the company stole more than $60  million. Imagine Amazon, as maybe the most successful corporation-- certainly, one of the largest corporations in the world--stole $60  million of tips of workers making $9, $10, $11, $12 an hour, and they  are not getting away with it. I mean, maybe they got away with it  before, but they didn't get away with it because Rohit Chopra was  there.   Banks aren't going to get away with that kind of stuff. Payday  lenders won't get away with that kind of stuff. All kinds of people who  try to defraud American consumers--they are not going to get away with  this because Rohit Chopra is going to be the cop on the beat.   During his prior time, when he worked with Richard Cordray at the  CFPB, he served as the Agency's first student loan ombudsman. He looked  out for students in the $1.7 trillion student loan market--$1.7  trillion. That is 1.7 thousand billion, this $1.7 trillion student loan  market. He worked with State attorneys general of both parties to bring  enforcement actions against scammers who preyed on students who were  drowning in student loan debt.   I see the pages on both sides, sitting here on the steps. Many of  them are going to school in the next couple of years or are going to  college. Many of them will take student loans. Many of  [[Page S6819]]  them may be preyed on by some of these scammers. I am guessing every  one of these pages here, whether they are Republicans or Democrats,  whether sponsored by Chuck Schumer or Mitch McConnell or me or Rob  Portman--I am guessing every one of you would vote for the confirmation  if you could vote. Sorry. You are not even old enough to vote yet, but  if you could, you would vote for Rohit Chopra because he is going to  protect you. He is going to protect you when people try to scam you and  your student loans.    His commitment to protecting servicemembers has been particularly  important. He uncovered a predatory lending scheme. He was able to  return more than $60 million to them and their families. Think about  that. People are trying to scam our servicemembers. The wife is away,  serving our country, and the husband is home and they try to scam the  husband, the husband who worries about his wife every day overseas-- these predatory lenders and others. That is why you need Rohit Chopra  there to protect them.   He has earned the endorsement of a bipartisan group of State  attorneys general. He is supported by a broad coalition of 150 consumer  groups, civil rights groups, labor groups, public interest groups, and  small business organizations. They know, like I do, that, with Mr.  Chopra leading the CFPB, Americans can be confident they will have  someone looking out for them. Corporations, big banks, payday lenders-- they all have high-priced lobbyists. You see them going in and out of  Senator McConnell's office. We know that. They have an outsized voice  in this town. Most people don't have lobbyists.   I just introduced a bill to help those on SSI. They are the lowest  income people, averaging $500 a month in income. They didn't have a  voice. They hadn't been heard from in 20 years until Congress did it.  It is the same with people that Rohit Chopra will be paid to protect:  They don't have lobbyists. They don't have a PAC. They certainly don't  have a super PAC. They are not able to unleash tens of millions of  dollars of dark money to win elections. They don't have an expensive  lawyer they can get on the phone with a bank or a credit card company  if something goes wrong.   That is why we created the CFPB--to fight for them, to be a voice for  ordinary people--and, soon, Americans will have Rohit Chopra on their  side.   If you were scammed by a payday lender, if you were overcharged by a  bank, if you took an unfair hit on your credit report, it doesn't  matter whom you voted for or what State. It doesn't matter who your  Senate sponsor is. If you are a page, it doesn't matter whom you voted  for. It doesn't matter what State you live in. You need help. You want  someone on your side, and Rohit Chopra will be on your side. He will  stand up. He will be your advocate.   That is why, as chair of the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee, I enthusiastically support Mr. Chopra's nomination to serve  as the next Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I  urge all of my colleagues to support him.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all remaining  postcloture time be considered expired.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   