 Madam President, the stated mission of the U.S. Department  of Health and Human Services is ``to enhance the health and well-being  of all Americans.'' It is a laudable goal. The HHS Secretary is, thus,  charged with overseeing all government healthcare and social services  and protecting the health and the rights of the American people, a  worthy goal, important job. Unfortunately, the history of the nominee  before us, Mr. Xavier Becerra, poses grave concerns to our ability to  carry out this goal and to our ability to oversee an Agency with such  vast, far-reaching responsibilities.   First, Mr. Becerra has repeatedly been on the record for wanting to  eliminate private health insurance for millions of Americans even at a  time when families need affordable, effective, and flexible healthcare  and when healthcare workers need jobs perhaps now more than ever. What  is more concerning, however, is that, while in public office, Mr.  Becerra has repeatedly, deliberately undermined Americans'  constitutional rights and waged political warfare on those who happen  to disagree with his views.   Take, for example, his views on abortion. Instead of supporting laws  that protect and sustain the life and health of American women and  unborn children, Mr. Becerra has supported laws that violently hurt  them in his endorsing legal abortion up until and even during the  moment of birth.   As Attorney General of the State of California, he brought 15 felony  charges against a reporter for exposing Planned Parenthood's role in  trafficking the body parts of aborted babies--a prosecution that even  the Los Angeles Times described as ``disturbing overreach.''   He defended a California law that required pro-life pregnancy centers  to advertise for State-funded abortion clinics, a law that so  egregiously violated free speech that the Supreme Court ruled it  unconstitutional, which, of course, it was and is.   Not only that, but he has consistently and flagrantly taken hostile  actions against the free exercise of religion. Perhaps the worst  example of this can be found in his legal persecution of the Little  Sisters of the Poor. Now, this is a religious order of Catholic nuns  that cares for the elderly poor. Becerra waged a lengthy, difficult  battle to force the sisters--again, this is an order of nuns--to pay  for abortion drugs and contraception in their health insurance plan  even though doing so violates their beliefs and even though they are  nuns.   Even after the Supreme Court ruled for the Little Sisters of the Poor  in 2016 under a separate case and after the Trump administration  granted them full conscience protections in 2017, Mr. Becerra still  sued the Trump administration in an attempt to pierce those  protections. Again, he wasn't comfortable with letting those  protections stand in place with respect to the Little Sisters of the  Poor. No. He was determined, even still, to make sure that they  couldn't live according to their own religious beliefs and their  teachings.   During the pandemic, Becerra was the legal architect of some of the  country's most strident, sweeping, and brazenly unconstitutional  restrictions on church and on worship services, some of which were  struck down by the Supreme Court last month, and he even  [[Page S1592]]  tried to prevent COVID relief funds from going to religious and other  private schools.   Our Founders established the principle of religious liberty--the  natural right of all human beings to freely hold and live out their  religious beliefs--because they understood that man is not free unless  his conscience is free. They thought that this principle was so  important, so fundamental, that it was the first freedom articulated in  the very First Amendment to the Constitution. In doing so, they sought  to defend and preserve the space of our deepest convictions, a space  upon which a State cannot and must never encroach   In practice, that has meant that the government's job is not to tell  people what to believe or how to discharge their religious duties but  to protect the space for all people of all faiths--and of no faith at  all for that matter--to seek truth and to order their lives  accordingly.   The American people deserve a leader at the U.S. Department of Health  and Human Services who will uphold and strengthen this monumental  tradition. They deserve a leader who will protect their fundamental  rights, not trample them. Unfortunately, tragically, the record of this  nominee demonstrates serious threats to the rights and the health and  the well-being of the American people. They deserve better. In good  conscience, I cannot support the nomination of Mr. Becerra.   I yield the floor.   