 Mr. Speaker, what we are seeing here from the Democrats  is just a distraction. They are just trying to distract the American  people from what is really happening.   What is it the American people are upset about?   What is it that they are concerned about?   How about what they are paying. We can talk about the groceries, and  we can talk about what they are paying at the gas pump, so let's talk  about that real quick.   If we are really serious about doing something that is important to  the American people, then let's start with H.R. 6235 to address the  high energy prices our country is seeing right now. Gas prices are at a  7-year high. On November 23, the Biden administration announced the  Department of Justice will sell 50 million barrels out of the Strategic  Petroleum Reserve in an attempt to bring down gas prices.   What a joke. We consume roughly 20 billion barrels a day in the  United States, and to say we are going to release 50 billion out of the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve to bring down gas prices?   That is nothing but another game, like this bill that we are talking  about today debating. It is nothing but smoke and mirrors just trying  to distract the American people to say: Hey, look, we are fighting; we  are trying to do something.   H.R. 6235 would require the Secretary of Energy to develop a plan to  increase oil and gas production on Federal lands in conjunction with  drawing down the oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.   If any President attempts to tap into the SPR for political reasons,  the Strategic Production Response Act would require a plan to increase  U.S. energy production at the same time. The SPR was established by  Congress to respond to an emergency, not to manipulate gasoline prices.   The administration's anti-fossil fuel agenda is contributing to the  record-high energy prices which is driving up inflation and household  bills. It is projected to cost some families up to 54 percent more to  heat their homes this winter. If President Biden and the Democrats want  to be serious about bringing down costs to the families, they would  stop the attack on American petroleum.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and  take up this bill.   