 Mr. Speaker, I'm proud to join Congresswoman Bonamici as  an original cosponsor.   For those of us who live on the ``coast,'' the coast is that unique  place where our lives, our environment, and our economy participate in  a special relationship with the ocean.   In my own State of Florida, we know that about 6 million people work  in our coastal counties. They earn nearly $280 billion dollars in wages  and produce close to $700 billion in gross domestic product.   Life on the coast is rich in rewards, but also uncertain and often  perilous.   Those of us who live on the coast have known for a long time how  important sustainability and resilience are for our coasts. We have  weathered the storms of the past and we must do so in the future.   Science and research are our best hope for continuing to live in  harmony with our coasts.   Research can prepare us for assaults on our coasts and help us defend  our wildlife and biodiversity from threats like acidification.   We must take care of our precious coasts so that we can continue to  enjoy the lifestyle and the economic well-being we cherish.   That is why I've joined Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici in directing  NOAA to pick up the role of leading research for coastal acidification.   I ask my colleagues to support the COAST Research Act.    Mr. Speaker, I'm pleased to rise in support of H.R. 2533,  The National Estuaries and Acidification Research (NEAR) Act.   I want to thank Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici and Congressman Brian  Mast for working with me to advance this important legislation.   I also want to thank the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering,  and Medicine for their valuable input.   The NEAR Act is a national proposal with a very special personal  connection. People in my district--the 8th district of Florida-- understand in a very deep way, the economic and environmental  importance of the ocean and our estuary--the Indian River Lagoon.   This bill focuses on estuaries--those wondrous nurseries and homes  for sea life.   Unfortunately, the Indian River Lagoon, and other valuable estuaries  throughout the country, are being threatened by ocean acidification,  along with other stressors.   Scientists tell us that when carbon dioxide is released into the  atmosphere, about one third of that carbon dioxide is absorbed by  seawater, creating carbonic acid.   Shellfish and other marine organisms don't do well in acidic waters.  We know that.   We have over a decade of research on the impacts of acidification in  the open ocean. Unfortunately, we don't have the same kind of knowledge  about acidification in estuaries and waters near our shores.   We need to deepen our investment in research in our estuaries so we  can protect and restore our estuaries and defend our environment and  coastal economy.   The story of my district and the Indian River Lagoon plays out along  our entire national coastline. More than half of the U.S. population  lives in coastal areas.   Five years ago, Congresswoman Bonamici and I cofounded the bipartisan  Congressional Estuary Caucus to preserve and restore our estuaries.  Coastal watershed counties provide an estimated 69 million U.S. jobs  and contribute an estimated $7.9 trillion to the GDP annually.   The National Academy study authorized by the NEAR Act is a great step  toward filling in the gaps in our knowledge of how acidification  affects our estuaries--both environmentally and economically.   Mr. Speaker, when we take care of our environment, we take care of  ourselves, and therefore, I ask my colleagues to join me in taking this  important step toward understanding how ocean acidification affects our  precious estuaries and support this bill today.   