 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Protecting women and girls from violence and abuse and keeping them  safe is deeply important to me and Members on both sides of the aisle.   Shortly before I was first elected to Congress back in 1994,  President Bill Clinton signed into law the Violence Against Women Act.  It was the first iteration of a very good bill, which, if you can  believe it, passed the House then by a voice vote. It was supported by  all but four in the Senate.   When it was reauthorized in the year 2000, I supported it and voted  for it, and in 2006, VAWA again had my full support. In fact, since I  have been in Congress, I have voted nearly a dozen times, both in the  Judiciary Committee or here on the floor, to renew or strengthen the  provisions of VAWA in an effort to do what we all can do to protect  women who have been or will in the future be subjects of domestic  violence, abuse, or other forms of harassment.   Historically, this legislation has been a truly bipartisan effort.  Sadly, the effort put forth today by the majority is anything but  bipartisan.   What has happened between then and now? It seems to me that many on  the left decided that they could use this critical legislation that is  intended to protect women and girls from violence as a vehicle to  promote their far-left political agenda. To me, this is a disturbing  development, as the safety and well-being of all women and girls in  this country is far too important to jeopardize with callous political  calculations that could further divide the American people.   In fact, it is possible that passing this so-called VAWA  reauthorization offered by the majority could result in some faith- based institutions shutting their shelter doors so that many women and  girls who relied on their help, support, and protection wouldn't have  that protection.   This legislation could force women seeking protection in shelters or  incarcerated in prison to be housed alongside biological males,  potentially subjecting those women to further psychological, mental, or  physical harm. To me, it is unconscionable to be aware of these and  other shortcomings of this legislation and simply ignore it.   What should we do? We should continue to improve VAWA as we did prior  to 2013. We should continue to protect those vulnerable individuals in  our society who rely on our help to protect them. And we should  accomplish it in a bipartisan, bicameral manner, Republicans and  Democrats actually working together as we are capable of doing.   It is time we put politics and political agendas aside and  reauthorize a Violence Against Women Act that continues to provide real  protection for women and girls.   