 Mr. President, it is not often that you get the Business  Roundtable, which is an organization representing some of the biggest  private-sector companies in the world; the largest labor unions in the  country; and the American public all on the same page on a policy. But  that is what is happening with respect to the President's requirement  that big employers in this country either test their employees  regularly for COVID or they get vaccinated in order to stop the spread  of this insidious disease.   This is a very popular proposal, and it is popular for a simple  reason: People are exhausted with having their lives fundamentally  changed, turned upside down by a pandemic that we have the power to  stop.   We have the power to stop it because of researchers and scientists  who discovered a vaccine that is wildly more effective than the  vaccines that have been invented to attack other diseases--90 percent  effective, if not more, against COVID. If everybody got vaccinated in  this country, we could all take off our masks. If everybody was  vaccinated in this country, we wouldn't have to be passing emergency  relief bills to keep the economy afloat. If everybody got vaccinated,  we could open back up all of our restaurants. That is what Americans  want. That is why this policy is so popular.   And I understand what my friend from Oklahoma is saying, that they  are not arguing over the efficacy of the vaccine, they are just arguing  over the constitutional powers of the Presidency.   But come on. Come on. We understand the power of our words in this  place. Republicans know that when they come down to the floor and  attack the vaccine mandate day after day after day, they know they are  giving fuel to the fire of the anti-vaccine campaign. They know that  they have become an extension of those that are trying to convince  Americans that the vaccine has a microchip in it, that the vaccine  kills you.   It just strains credibility for my Republican colleagues to suggest  that there is no connection between the anti-vaccination campaign in  this country and those that are every single day on the floor of the  Senate talking about how dangerous it is to require that people in this  country get the vaccine. There is a connection, and the growing  movement of people in this country who think that the vaccine is some  conspiracy to hurt people--well, this movement to try to end the  vaccine campaign by the President, it is wind underneath their wings.   But let's talk about what this policy really is because it is  actually not a mandate for vaccinations. It is a testing mandate.  Right? That is what it is. What it says is that everybody in these big  employers has to get tested once a week, and if you don't want to get  tested, then your employees can get vaccinated.   Let's be clear. This is a testing requirement, not a vaccination  requirement, and that testing requirement is totally consistent with  the history of OSHA. In fact, OSHA is in the business of mandating  testing.   OSHA mandates blood testing for industries with high exposures to  lead. OSHA mandates hearing tests for industries with high noise level  exposure. OSHA mandates testing for exposure to silica in industries  that are working in and around silica.   OSHA requires testing all the time. So that is what they are doing  here--yes, on a bigger scale and, yes, also with an ability to avoid  the testing if you get vaccinated. But that is what this requirement is  really all about.   And it is working. It is working--the numbers going from 50 to 96  percent in a company like Tyson Foods after the vaccine requirement.   Lastly, let me say this: This general lack of seriousness from our  Republican colleagues about a plague that has killed 700,000 Americans,  it is just stunning to me. It is just stunning. These aren't bee  stings. These aren't knee scrapes. This is a deadly pandemic that has  ended the lives of 700,000 of our mothers and fathers and  [[Page S9033]]  sisters and brothers prematurely, hundreds of thousands of Americans  who should be sitting at the Christmas table, who should be at Hanukkah  celebrations with their families this month. And they are gone; 700,000  Americans have disappeared.   But apparently, the inconvenience of a weekly test is so odious, is  so revolting, that it is worth another 700,000 people dying--because  that is what we are talking about: a weekly test. The OSHA rule does  not mandate the vaccine; it is a way out of the weekly test, a weekly  test that is a little swab swirled around your nostril five or six  times for 30 seconds.   That is the requirement. That is the cost, the sky-high,  Constitution-violating, unpatriotic cost the Republicans have been down  here on the floor railing against for a month. Estimates suggest that  that requirement can save thousands of lives. But apparently, the cost  of a nose tickle is too great a cost to pay to save thousands and  thousands of Americans from dying from a preventable pandemic.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this effort.   I yield the floor.   