 Mr. President, the United States has suffered a grave  humiliation in Afghanistan. President Biden's disastrous withdrawal has  brought shame to a nation that fought, bled, and sacrificed for two  long decades after September 11.   Defeat can be imposed by an enemy, but humiliation is self-inflicted.  In this case, it was inflicted on America by the President of the  United States.   To the thousands of Americans who fought bravely in Afghanistan, I  share your dismay, and I want to tell you this was not your fault. This  failure was not caused by our exceptional troops, who fought with  courage and skill against a determined and ruthless enemy. Our warriors  lost no battles and surrendered to no enemy. They fought from the  highest summits of American armed conflict and descended under the  darkest pits of evil. Our men and women in uniform made us proud and  filled us with awe. This loss is not their loss.   The debacle in Afghanistan was also not the fault of our people. The  American people contributed hundreds of billions of dollars to a just  cause and endured a prolonged conflict for almost a generation.   No, our people and our warriors did not fail. Our leaders did, and  none failed more conspicuously than a Commander in Chief who could not  command events.   Joe Biden has been paving the path to ruin for over a decade. Many  have been wrong about the war in Afghanistan, but few have been more  wrong, more consistently than this President.   During the Obama administration, Joe Biden wrongly argued that  America could strike terrorists from over the horizon, wrongly set a  public timeline for withdrawing our troops, and wrongly opposed a  secret mission to kill Osama Bin Laden. Then he stood by when President  Obama released several high-value Taliban officials from Guantanamo Bay  in exchange for an American traitor, Bowe Bergdahl.   Joe Biden extended his perfect record of terrible judgment. He was  wrong about evacuating Bagram Air Base, wrong about the likelihood that  the Taliban would take over Afghanistan, and wrong that the Taliban  cared about its international reputation.   He also believed wrongly--incredibly--that we could trust the Taliban  to secure the Kabul airport and help us evacuate our people.   The President's inexhaustible ineptitude has created this fiasco.  According to official estimates, over 100 Americans and thousands of  green card holders are currently stranded in a country run by  terrorists. The much-vaunted airlift that the President pretends is an  ``extraordinary success''--in his words--evacuated fewer than half of  approved special immigrant visa holders. That includes thousands of  Afghans who fought loyally alongside our troops and have now been  abandoned to torture and execution at the hands of the Taliban.   The allies of al-Qaida now rule in Kabul; the Taliban is armed with  billions of dollars of U.S. military equipment; and those Guantanamo  Bay detainees released under the Obama administration now serve in the  highest levels of the Afghan Government.   My office has received many firsthand reports of Taliban insurgents  going house to house, hunting for American allies. Former Afghan pilots  are especially high-risk targets who are being tracked down and  brutally murdered; and, of course, we have all seen the disturbing  videos of desperate Afghans clinging to an American transport plane and  plummeting to their deaths on the tarmac below.   I will admit I had low expectations for Joe Biden's Presidency, yet  he still failed to meet them.   When I served in Afghanistan, I saw the Taliban's grim handiwork up  close. I witnessed the sacrifices of brave Americans and Afghans to  prevent them from regaining power. So when this disaster unfolded, I  was determined to do whatever I could to get our people to safety.   Soon after the fall of Kabul, my office established an email hotline  for evacuation requests, created a war room to help those in need, and  established contact with assets on the ground.   Members of my team did everything from providing required forms and  up-to-date information to helping orchestrate daring midnight  evacuations. We facilitated the escape of high-ranking members of the  Afghan Government and military, along with wounded children and  pregnant mothers, several of whom were being actively hunted by Taliban  death squads.   We also helped dozens of students from a Christian missionary school  reach safety before they suffered the cruel treatment that Islamic  terrorists reserve for so-called apostates, or followers, of the  gospel.   My staff worked around the clock, volunteering their time and energy  and, on several occasions, their own resources to help those in need.  One aide repeatedly drove to Dulles Airport to deliver clothes to needy  Afghans. Another sent school supplies to a recently returned second  grader.   All of us heard harrowing stories from the ground. A member of my  team was on the phone with an American citizen as the Taliban thugs  attacked her and brutally assaulted her driver on their way to the  airport. The same woman was on the phone with my office, outside the  Kabul airport, when Taliban guards started shooting in the air, causing  a stampede. Luckily, thanks to the cooperation of my staff, military  personnel at the gate were able to pull her to safety before she was  potentially crushed by the stampeding mob.   I would remind the Senate that Joe Biden and Tony Blinken empowered  the men who beat and then almost killed an American citizen while a  member of my office was literally on the phone with her.   The extraordinary efforts of my staffs in Washington and Arkansas  produced exceptional results. From the beginning of the crisis to  today, we have contacted more than 2,500 individuals seeking  assistance, and we have helped more than 300 American citizens and  legal permanent residents to safely evacuate, along with over 200 other  vulnerable Afghans, many of whom were the immediate family of those  Americans and permanent residents.  [[Page S6657]]    I want to thank my staff for their incredible and selfless work. I  sincerely believe that these actions have redeemed, in some measure,  the honor and trust that President Biden squandered this past month. I  also want to acknowledge the many other aides--Democratic and  Republican, House and Senate--who also pitched in to help our fellow  citizens.   But, for every tale of sacrifice, daring, and courage that ended in a  plane ride to safety, there were also tales of tragedy, heartbreak, and  failure. Unfortunately, many of the wounds that we suffered during the  Afghan withdrawal were, once again, self-inflicted. Those of us  involved in the rescue effort had a front-row seat to the Biden  administration's ineptitude. I think it is worth recounting some of  those stories as well.   On one notable occasion, my office was contacted by a group of three  American women who had traveled to a site that was reportedly being  used to shuttle people to the airport for evacuation. When they  arrived, a group of Taliban fighters pointed guns in their faces and  refused to let them pass. The women called a member of my staff for  help, who promptly called the State Department for guidance.   The State Department's initial response to Americans held at gunpoint  was to ask whether they had filled out an online form to request  evacuation. When my aide pressed the matter further, the State  Department told them: ``Our best advice is not to give advice.''   This casual indifference to the plight of American citizens was,  regrettably, not an isolated incident.   On a separate occasion, my staff learned that a State Department  employee told an American citizen who refused to leave Afghanistan  without her family that she was ``being really annoying right now.''   I suppose she was just one more inconvenient American spoiling Joe  Biden's extraordinary success.   On another occasion, I received a phone call from the Ambassador of a  country in the region. His government wanted to know what to do about  dozens of American-trained Afghan soldiers and their families who had  fled to his country in order to escape the Taliban. The only problem  was the Ambassador's government couldn't get any senior official from  the White House or the State Department to return their calls, not so  much as a ``thank you''; ``please hold what you have got''; ``we will  be back to help you soon.'' It was radio silence from America while the  Taliban continued to demand the return of those troops.   Thankfully, I was able to work with Senator Coons to get the message  to the administration. After much confusion and delay, the State  Department official finally returned the Ambassador's call. I want to  thank Senator Coons for his assistance. The episode is a reminder that  this body still works and bipartisanship is possible even when the  stakes are high.   Even some members of the executive branch have acknowledged that the  administration's policies have been a catastrophe. On more than one  occasion, my staff has received calls from officials in the government  asking for our help to evacuate people from Afghanistan. In other  words, members of the executive branch of the most powerful Nation on  Earth were going to a lone, freelancing Senate office for help instead  of to their own State Department or their own White House.    President Biden has refused to lead and refused to protect those he  took an oath to protect, so it fell to the rest of us to shoulder the  load and get these Americans to safety. Thankfully, Americans remain a  generous and courageous people. We stepped up to meet this moment.   Over the past few weeks, countless normal citizens volunteered to  help people they had never met. Veterans reunited for one last mission  to help their old battle buddies get to safety, and, of course,  thousands of American troops risked their lives to help others in a  distant land far from home. Thirteen of them made the ultimate  sacrifice on the noble mission to rescue their countrymen, who will  never forget their sacrifice, nor will we. They performed bravely a job  that they never should have had to perform.   Joe Biden's Afghanistan crisis will live in infamy as one of the  worst strategic blunders in our Nation's history, but the response of  so many Americans to save their fellow citizens and their allies showed  the very best of our country. I am proud that my office was able to  play some small part in that redemptive story.   Poor leadership comes and goes, but our national character endures.  Americans have shown that we are still capable of noble and heroic  deeds even--and maybe especially--when politicians in Washington fail  in their duty. Our Nation is still exceptional even if our President is  a mediocrity.   I yield the floor.   