 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I voted for  Mr. Davis's nomination in the Judiciary Committee and I support it. But  I think the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, my friend from  Illinois, could help me try to resolve a problem that I have primarily  with the chief law enforcement officer of the United States; that is,  the Attorney General. The Attorney General simply will not answer his  mail.   Let me explain. Back in March, I wrote a letter to the Attorney  General urging him to conduct an investigation of a chemical company  named Avantor and their role in the opioid epidemic that is sweeping  America and the planet.   In 2020, 93,000 Americans died of drug overdoses, with 69,000-plus of  those from opioids, including heroin. Avantor is a leading producer of  a chemical precursor known as acetic anhydride, a key chemical used to  convert opium to heroin. Avantor's product has been used extensively by  drug cartels and transnational criminal organizations with the apparent  knowledge of Avantor officials, who have taken inadequate measures to  prevent the diversion of this chemical, particularly in Mexico.   Alarmingly, Associate Attorney General Vanita Gupta holds millions of  dollars in Avantor stock, and her father sits on the board of that  company, raising serious ethical issues.   As I said, I simply want the Attorney General to answer my letter. I  sent a letter to him asking about the investigative status of Avantor  and its involvement in the facilitation of heroin production, but have  yet to receive a response more than 4 months later.   In light of the serious issues that I have raised in this letter and  the lack of a response from the Justice Department, I placed a hold on  this nominee and will not lift my hold until I receive a sufficient  response.   So I object.    Mr. President, the distinguished Senator from Illinois,  the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, could resolve this issue in  the next hour; and I would lift my hold if he would simply ask the  Attorney General of the United States to answer my letter, which I sent  4 months ago, which we have received no response to.   Drug overdoses have taken the lives of 93,000-plus Americans in the  last year alone. Most of those drugs come across the southern border  from Mexico, including heroin, which is an opioid, which together with  prescription drugs--which we know have been widely abused--is a serious  threat to the health, safety, and welfare of the American people.   I simply want to make sure that American companies are not complicit  in selling precursor chemicals that produce this poison, that is then  imported into the United States and has taken so many American lives.   This is, as I said, no reflection on the nominee himself. But as the  distinguished Senator from Illinois knows, Senators have very few  tools, very little leverage to actually get the executive branch to do  what they are obligated to do, which is simply to respond to our  inquiries and our letters. That is a simple matter.   This does not implicate the safety and security of the Federal  judiciary, as the Senator knows. This is an administrative position,  and we all support the safety and security of all of our judicial  officials.   So this could be satisfied very quickly and, literally, within the  next hour if the chairman of the Judiciary Committee would simply pick  up the phone, call the Attorney General, and ask him to answer his  mail.    Mr. President, I have to respond.   For the Senator from Illinois to say that Vanita Gupta has no  relationship with Avantor, the company that has been selling this  precursor drug into Mexico that is used to manufacture heroin--it is  true, she is not part of the board of directors or the administration  or the leadership of that corporation, but she literally owns or did  own tens of millions of dollars of stock in Avantor. We do not yet know  whether she has kept her promise to sell that Avantor stock. She said  she would during her confirmation hearing, and we are investigating to  see whether she actually followed through and kept that promise.   But for one of the chief law enforcement officers of the United  States to own tens of millions of dollars' worth of stock in a company  that arguably violated U.S. law by selling chemical precursors into  Mexico that are used to make heroin that has killed so many Americans  through drug overdoses is a serious matter. I would not raise this  issue if I did not feel that it was so serious. Again, I think the  solution is very simple. But the suggestion that Ms. Gupta has no  relationship with Avantor is simply not true unless she has,  unbeknownst to us at this point, disgorged the tens of millions of  dollars of stock that she owns in that company.   