 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, here we are, following the Thanksgiving  holiday, where I hope that people got to get together with friends and  family and enjoy a little respite from the hectic schedule here in  Congress. But here we are now, with just a few short days intervening  between now and Christmas, and the end-of-the-year legislative mad dash  is officially upon us.   This year, our Democratic colleagues, who control the Senate agenda,  have ignored some of the Senate's most important and basic  responsibilities, leaving us with a whole lot to do and not a whole lot  of time in which to do it.   In September, when the Senate should have passed a group of bills to  [[Page S8771]]  fund the government for the next fiscal year, our colleagues instead  kicked the can down the road. You would have thought they would have  used the past couple of months to pass the annual appropriations bills,  which is one of most basic and fundamental responsibilities of  Congress; but, no, they chose not to do that.   Instead, our Democratic colleagues found time for partisan, dead-on- arrival messaging bills while they failed to bring a single  appropriations bill to the floor with a December 3 deadline.   As things stand today, it looks like these funding bills are nowhere  near ready. This risks leaving millions of Americans without a paycheck  right before the Christmas holidays or punting on our funding  responsibilities once again.   And that is not the only potential fiscal disaster we are careening  toward. At some point in the coming days, weeks, or months--we don't  know exactly when; only Secretary Yellen knows--the U.S. will run up  against the debt limit. That is, we have maxed out our credit card and,  unless our Democratic colleagues decide to raise that credit limit, we  will exhaust the credit of the United States Government.   It kind of feels a little like ``Groundhog Day'' because we saw this  movie just about 2 months ago.   Democrats had a clear roadmap and ample time to increase the debt  ceiling on their own and avoid a financial crisis, but they stubbornly  refused. They said they didn't have enough time. Well, they don't have  that excuse now.   And, even then, they have known since July that Republicans would not  help them with another partisan spending spree. So we find ourselves  staring down the barrel of a potential economic crisis, but our  colleagues can't blame the calendar for not having enough time again.   If our Democratic colleagues want to exclude Republicans and continue  spending on a purely partisan basis, they will have to raise the debt  ceiling in a partisan fashion. They have proven they are OK with  spending trillions of dollars of borrowed money without a single  Republican vote. It is not too much to say that they should be held  accountable for that reckless course of conduct.   Of course, before the Senate addresses either one of those crises,  there is another item on the agenda: The National Defense Authorization  Act.   Congress has passed the National Defense Authorization Act each year  for the last 60 years, and for good reason. It is the case, I believe,  that our national security is the single most important duty that we  have here in the Senate. But this bill has been waiting in the wings  for months, ready for floor action, and both the chairman of the Armed  Services Committee and the ranking member have had to push the majority  leader to actually bring this to the Senate floor, even at this late  date.   So 2 weeks ago, before the Thanksgiving holidays, the Senate finally  began consideration of the Defense Authorization Act, and we hope we  can actually do what the Senate is supposed to do, which is to vote on  amendments to that bill and then pass it in the coming days. But the  fact is, it is nearly December, and the fact that it has not been done  yet is simply inexplicable.   Now, with such a big to-do list and so little time to do it, you  would think our colleagues would be laser focused on this hefty end-of- the-year agenda: funding the government, avoiding a debt crisis,  strengthening our military, and supporting our volunteer military  forces and their families.   None of the Senate's most basic responsibilities have been attended  to; and, as it stands today, the Senate is only scheduled to be in  session for a handful of days before the Christmas holidays.   Well, unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues think they have an  even more important job to do. Forget the millions of government  employees who could be left without a paycheck before the holidays, or  the economic crisis that will cripple our country if we defaulted on  our debt. Our Democratic colleagues are laser focused on their  multitrillion-dollar tax-and-spending spree.   After months of party infighting and countless iterations of this  bill, the Democratic leaders in the House--most notably Speaker  Pelosi--finally managed to pass a partisan version of this bill. They  couldn't even convince every Democrat to vote for the bill, which is an  indication of how problematic it is.   What we are talking about is an absolutely massive bill that would  increase the role and power of the Federal Government and Americans'  lives in an unprecedented fashion. It would reshape how we take care of  our children, our healthcare system, our energy, our educational  systems. Virtually every aspect of American citizens' daily lives would  be affected by this monstrosity.   And, of course, these programs don't come cheap, but Democrats have  pulled every gimmick in the book to hide the true cost. They have  filled this bill with arbitrary sunsets and cliffs and expirations that  make these programs appear to cost less than we know they actually  will.   One example is the expanded child tax credit. As originally drafted,  this policy was a temporary measure in their bill that became law in  March, just 8 months ago. Earlier drafts of the so-called Build Back  Better legislation would have extended that policy through 2025, even  though it seemed all but certain that Democrats would later try to make  it permanent.   When Democrats needed to cut the overall pricetag of the bill to  convince their own Members to vote for it, the expanded child tax  credit was scaled back to a 1-year extension. But nothing has really  changed. I have no expectation that this or a number of other so-called  temporary programs in this bill will actually expire.   As President Ronald Reagan once famously said, the closest thing to  eternal life on Earth is a temporary government program.   If all the temporary provisions in this bill are made permanent, it  will cost a whole lot more than is advertised. And the budget experts  at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business have  given us an estimate of how much more it will cost.   Of course, there is President Biden, who said it will cost zero.  Nobody believes that. Others have said, well, it is a $1.75 trillion  bill. And I would argue that, based on all the budget gimmickry, you  can't really believe that either.    The University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business pegs the  price at close to $4.6 trillion over 10 years--that is the budget  window--more than 2\1/2\ times the amount Democrats have previously  stated.   The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget agrees with that  estimate. They estimate that the true cost of this bill would be  approximately $5 trillion over the next 10 years. That is $5 trillion  in largely borrowed money that would have to be paid back by somebody.  That is a whole lot more than the $1.75 trillion pricetag that the  press has reported based on the incredible estimates that our  Democratic colleagues have provided.   Of course, that flies in the face of President Biden's estimate that  it would cost nothing. Well, again, we understand that is not true, and  the 1.75 trillion pricetag is not true either.   Last week, I sent a letter to the leaders of the Congressional Budget  Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation requesting a true cost  estimate for this bill. The American people deserve a full and complete  picture of the real-world price of this legislation. And before voting  on the bill, every Member of the Senate, both Republicans and  Democrats, should want to know how much this legislation is going to  end up costing the American people.   The pricetag of this bill is deeply concerning, but that is only part  of what makes this legislation so dangerous. As I said earlier, it  dramatically increases the role of the Federal Government in every  aspect of our lives. It drives up taxes on working families; it harms  our energy security; and it hurts our competitiveness on the global  stage, which hands a big win to China.   That, apparently, is the priority for our Democratic colleagues right  now, not the looming debt crisis or potential government shutdown. They  are focused on legislation that actually does more harm than good.   Our Democratic colleagues control the Senate agenda. They control the  House, and they control the White House. They control every lever in  the  [[Page S8772]]  legislative process here in Washington, DC, and this is how they have  chosen to use that power.   Our Democratic colleagues continue to prove that they are not doing  what is best for the American people. If it was, then there would be an  effort to build a bipartisan consensus for this legislation.   Instead, they are using raw partisan political power to jam through  an agenda that they know will end up costing somewhere around $5  trillion and that will permanently alter the relationship of the  American people to the Federal Government.   For our country's sake, I hope something changes between now and the  time we actually take up this partisan tax-and-spending spree bill that  has been passed by the House of Representatives.   I yield the floor.   