 Madam President, first, let me commend my colleague,  the former Governor of North Dakota and now the senior Senator from  North Dakota, for his very thoughtful comments with which I agree.   I come to the floor today, as well, to talk about energy prices,  which we know are spiking all across the country. As the President is  soaring off to a climate conference in Scotland, energy prices are  soaring here at home.   This year alone, we have seen energy costs spiking for families all  across this country. Energy prices have gone up not just a little; they  have gone up a lot. The cost of filling your tank with gas is up about  $1 a gallon today as compared to the day that Joe Biden was sworn into  office. As a result, my constituents in Wyoming are paying about $25 to  $30 more per tank every time they fill up--every time they go to the  pump--than they would have done in January, when Joe Biden was sworn  in.   It is not just gasoline prices that are up in our cars and trucks; it  is natural gas prices that are way up--a 7-year high for gas at the  pump and a 7-year high for natural gas. And all of these things are  impacting people, especially as winter is coming. People use natural  gas to heat their homes and cool their homes, and they use natural gas  to cook.   Well, you know, it really shouldn't be this way wherein we see these  skyrocketing prices because, in America, we have the largest energy  resources in the world. Many of them are in my home State of Wyoming.   Under the last Presidential administration, America became the  largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world, yet, in what we  saw on the first day of his administration, President Biden declared  war on American energy, on energy produced here at home in America.   On that very first day in office, he killed the Keystone XL Pipeline.  That action immediately ended the jobs of thousands of individuals at  the height of a pandemic.   President Biden didn't stop there. He went further when he shut down  the exploration of oil and gas in the Arctic. He banned oil and gas  leasing on Federal lands and in Federal waters. It was ruled illegal,  and he did it anyway.   President Biden's radical, anti-American energy agenda is hurting our  economy, and people in every State of the Union are paying the price  and feeling the pain today. They are feeling it with higher energy  bills. Anytime they pay an energy bill, they are paying more.  [[Page S7405]]    So what do the Democrats want to do about this?   Well, it is pretty obvious they want to make it worse. Nancy Pelosi  and Chuck Schumer are pushing a $3.5 trillion reckless tax-and-spending  spree.   Last month, in the Energy Committee, of which I am the ranking  member, one Commissioner of the FERC--the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission--had something to say about this $3.5 trillion spending  bill. He said it would be like an ``H bomb''--an ``H bomb''--on  America's electric markets. That is because the bill that the Democrats  are trying to push through on a party-line vote is actually just the  disastrous Green New Deal with a new name.   So what is in this bill?   Well, it would effectively kill coal, oil, and natural gas permitting  on Federal lands. It would replicate California's unreliable electric  grid, and it would do it on a national scale. The result would be what  they have seen in California: rolling blackouts, service that is less  reliable, and costs that are even higher.   The Democrats' bill would impose punishing new taxes on natural gas  producers.   What happens to that?   Well, of course, these fees would be passed along to the consumers.   Where will they see it?   Well, in their energy bills.   It would create a new tax on mining firms based on how much dirt they  moved. The Democrats literally, in their legislation, with 40 different  taxes in it, now have a dirt tax.   The bill would waste $27 billion on a slush fund for environmental  activists. Now, it is not clear exactly what all of this $27 billion  would be used for--$27 billion--but we can be sure that taxpayers won't  be getting their money back. Taxpayers will never see that money again.   How they actually dish out the money is completely open-ended, but  what we do know is it can be used to hire environmental activists,  armies of lawyers and mobs, to protest because their goal is to shut  down energy and our industries and the energy economy, harming families  and throwing people out of work.   Then, finally, this large bill would give huge tax breaks to rich  people who want to buy electric vehicles. The Democrats' spending bill  would give up to $12,500 to married couples who make as much as  $800,000 a year. They would get a tax break. All they would need to do  is buy a luxury electric vehicle.   The American people are already paying high energy prices. They are  doing it because President Biden is blocking American energy. You know  there isn't enough supply to meet the demand, and the Democrats have  complained about it.   So how do they make the situation worse?   Well, they impose punishing fees; they waste billions of taxpayer  dollars; they shut down the abundant and affordable energy sources that  fuel our economy.   And, of course, all of these are good-paying jobs. American families  can't afford the Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending spree.   So here we are today with the President's going off to Scotland. He  will be there for Halloween, and people around this country will be  suffering the nightmare of high energy costs. Not that long ago, we  were a nation of energy wealth and energy dominance, but this President  and this administration have changed it to make us a nation of energy  weakness and a nation that is now dependent upon others for energy.   The American people wouldn't believe that we are, today, using more  energy and more oil from Russia than we are from Alaska, but that is  what this President has brought to this country--a jackpot for Vladimir  Putin--and energy workers who are out of work here at home. It is a  disgrace.   I yield the floor.   