 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, in history, there are many generals who are celebrated  for logistical feats to win a war. Rare is a general who is celebrated  for logistical feats to end a war.   General Austin presided over the most significant withdrawal of  troops and equipment, over 150,000 troops from Iraq, successfully. He  helped bring that conflict to an end.   General Austin helped us prevent getting into a catastrophic conflict  in Syria.   Now, I don't think the American people are concerned about process  arguments, about whether someone wore a uniform or didn't wear a  uniform. What they want to know is the outcome. Is the leader going to  help start new wars or end wars? General Austin, with Secretary Blinken  and Jake Sullivan, is going to help end the war in Yemen.   They want to know: Is a leader going to turn a blind eye to White  supremacy, or are they going to stand up for equality? General Austin  will stand up for equality in our military.   Most importantly, they want to know: Is a leader going to circumvent  the President of the United States, as certain civilian leaders have,  or is the leader going to defer to the duly elected President of the  United States? General Austin deferred to President Obama, and he will  absolutely defer to President Biden.   The last point I hear my colleagues say is, well, he doesn't have  expertise in China or India. Well, first of all, no one has expertise  in every region of the world. No one is going to have a Ph.D. thesis  about every country.   The important thing is that we do not need another leader who is  going to saber rattle and get us into another cold war with China. We  need someone who is going to be tough but who is going to have the  wisdom and the judgment to defer to the national security team and the  President and help create a constructive relationship. General Austin  will do that.   Mr. Speaker, I proudly support his nomination for Secretary of  Defense.   