 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2379 to extend and broaden  our efforts to help Americans with substance use disorder get the help  they need to help prevent addiction and to save lives.   I thank my friends, Mr. Trone and Ms. Sherrill, for their leadership.   Earlier this year, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced  [[Page H5650]]  that opioid response grantees will now be able to use these funds to  expand access to fentanyl test strips.   Tragically, that announcement came just 1 month after the death of my  dear nephew, Eli Weinstock.   At just 20 years old, Eli died of an unintentional fentanyl overdose  after ingesting a legal herbal supplement tainted with fentanyl.   Out of our grief, Eli's family created an organization, BirdieLight,  to increase awareness of fentanyl risks and the tools like fentanyl  test strips needed to save lives.   From 2019 to 2020, overdose deaths spiked by over 22,000 to a record  93,331 Americans who died of overdose in 2020.   Young people aged 15 to 24 saw a nearly 50 percent increase in 1  year.   Last month, the Drug Enforcement Administration issued its first  public safety alert in 6 years to warn of the surge of counterfeit  pills laced with fentanyl.   The DEA has seized over 11.3 million fake pills over the past year,  more than the previous 2 years combined.   Fentanyl has been found in fake imitations of real prescription  medications, including oxycodone, Xanax, and stimulants like Adderall.   These substances are easily acquired on social media platforms or  from friends who have no idea where they came from or what is in them.   We need to talk about this. We need to change this. We need to act.   We need to do it for Eli and for the hundreds of Americans who die of  overdose every day in this country.   This legislation is an important first step. I urge my colleagues to  vote for it.   