 Madam President, the remarks of my colleague from North  Dakota have inspired me to stand and join him; and also the fact that  we are in a room of great significance and silence reigns, and I hate  just to fill it with words, but I think the topic we are talking about  is extremely important.   I appreciate the good Senator's support and effort in helping craft  this legislation--this bipartisan legislation to improve our  infrastructure in our country.   I also salute the leadership on both sides of the aisle for allowing  a robust amendment process.   There is no question but that there are many opportunities to improve  the legislation as written. The chance for our colleagues to offer  adjustments and improvements is a part of our tradition and a good part  of our tradition.    I would concur that we do need to upgrade our infrastructure. I think  most Americans who have experienced our infrastructure would come to  the same conclusion. Too often, our roads are in need of repair. Many  times, we have communities that are not connected with high-speed  travel opportunities from one part of the city to another. Our transit,  in some cases, is old, slow, and does not reach communities that need  it.   Our rail system, particularly in the northeast, which is an important  corridor for travel, is way out of date. Some people know you can drive  between some cities. Where there are trains, you can drive faster than  you can take the train.   We have structurally deficient and dangerous bridges, in some cases,  that need to be repaired. So I think there is general agreement on both  sides of the aisle that we need to improve our infrastructure.   It is known by people in this country, and I think particularly  brought home to us, if you travel in other countries and see what they  are doing and then you compare where we are--you would think: Boy, we  used to lead the world in these things, and now we are not. And it is  having an impact on our productivity as a nation because of additional  travel time necessary for us to get to and from work as well as other  endeavors.   If that is going to happen, we have only two options right now and  probably for the indefinite future. Right now, we have a circumstance  where my party is in the minority--not by much. We are basically tied  here in the Senate, although the tie is broken by the Vice President.  So the Democrats have the majority in the Senate, in the House, and, of  course, with the White House. Given that circumstance, it is possible  for the Democrats to write an infrastructure bill all by themselves and  simply pass it through a process known as reconciliation. That is one  option.   The other option is to work together on a bipartisan basis, where we  craft a better bill with the input of Republicans and Democrats. That  is the option that is before us now.   There is not a third alternative, which is Republicans only draft the  bill. I would love that alternative, but it is just not available to us  because we don't hold the House, the Senate, and the White House. So we  have two options. Do we want our Democrat colleagues to draft a bill  all by themselves or do we want to work together with Republicans and  Democrats and fashion something that is bipartisan.   Now, I note that when you work in a bipartisan basis, there are some  things the Democrats will want to include that we Republicans would  rather not have there, and it is obvious that that is the case. I am  sure that is the case for Democrats as well. They will see things that  we have included that they just as soon would not have there. And it is  very easy for either side--or both sides, rather--to point out the  things in the bipartisan bill that they don't like and to attack it as  not being fully in conformity with their views. But that is the nature  of two parties working together.   Now, some would say: We could do better. Let's have another  alternative, a different bipartisan approach.   My answer is: Go at it. Have at it.   No one is keeping people from working together if they want to come  up with a better piece of legislation. Boy, I would be anxious to see  what it is. But in order to get a bill passed, it must be acceptable to  Democrats and Republicans. And that is unless, in my party, we are able  to have Republicans  [[Page S5809]]  in the majority in the House and the Senate, and the White House, which  we don't have at this stage.   So, again, the alternative is, if you can come up with a better  bipartisan bill, do it. Two, amend it as you feel appropriate--and I  think there are good amendments that are coming forward that I have  supported and will support going forward. But we must not let the  desire for perfection on the part of people like myself overcome the  desire to have a good bill ultimately reached.   I think it is actually counterproductive for either side to take  attack shots at the items in the bill they don't like. Instead, bring  forward amendments. See if you can improve the bill. If you can't do  that, come up with a bill that has bipartisan support, because that is  the only alternative we face, other than a bill drafted exclusively by  Democrats.   I, for one, think this bill is a good bill, on balance. It will be  good for my State. I think it will be good for every State. We will get  an upgrade--a badly needed upgrade--in the infrastructure of this  country.   Again, is it ideal, perfect? Far from it, but it is a big step  forward and one heck of a huge step of advantage relative to having one  party alone write a piece of legislation. I think it is fair to say if  Democrats alone write an infrastructure bill, my State of Utah won't be  real happy by the time it is done.   