 Madam Speaker, today I rise in strong  support of the FY22 NDAA. Our military has and is facing unprecedented  challenges, and this body is duty-bound to ensure  [[Page H4803]]  our military is adequately funded and has the tools to win. We also do  this by empowering American companies and the industrial base that  provides goods and services to the DOD.   The hardworking Mississippians who work for companies like Airbus,  Huntington Ingalls, Winchester, General Dynamics, Stark Aerospace,  SpaceX and General Atomics keep our Nation safe and deserve the support  of our Congress.   This bill includes a Republican amendment boosting the defense top  line by nearly $25 billion and reverses the administration's reckless  cuts to our national security, restoring funding for shipbuilding,  procurement, missile defense, and modernization.    This bill will also fund the unfunded top priorities of our military  that the White House failed to support. Once passed, this bill further  bolsters our military's ability to maintain its dominance in every  domain, and ensures military leaders have the resources to take care of  servicemembers and military families.   Additionally, this year's NDAA will begin the process of holding the  White House accountable for the mistakes in Afghanistan. For months, we  have asked for more detail on the so-called over-the-horizon strategy  to conduct counterterrorism. We received scant details ahead of the  withdrawal, and America deserves answers to why the withdrawal was so  unorganized in planning and execution run by the Commander in Chief and  the State Department.   The lack of planning leading up to the withdrawal and the continued  inability to maintain control on the ground by this administration is  staggering. The Armed Services Committee, particularly this  Subcommittee on Intelligence and Special Operations, will not allow  these weaknesses of the administration to continue to place our  citizens, allies, partners, and overall national security at risk.   This year's bill calls for the administration to provide a plan to  get the rest of the American citizens out.   Finally, I would be remiss without asking about my teammates, which  is Tony Starks, Colin Hawkins, and Rodney Hall, professional staffer,  Patrick Nevins, and my battle buddy in all of this, Ranking Member  Gallego.   I ask my colleagues to support this bill.   