 Mr. President, I want to join my fellow Senators in  remembering Senator Manchin's family, his sister, and the rest of his  family as they deal with the loss of his brother-in-law.   I want to talk today about a draft I just received--a bill we are  actually going to have a hearing on next week--S. 1, the so-called For  the People Act.   This bill is the companion act to the House version of H.R. 1. I  actually think it is even longer than H.R. 1, which I would have  thought impossible. It is over 800 pages. I think they will be  introducing the final version in the next day or so, and that is a good  thing, since we are supposed to have a hearing on it in the middle of  next week.   It packs a lot of what I consider bad changes relating to election  administration, campaign finance, redistricting, and so much more into  those 800 pages, but there is a lot of space there to pack things in.   I would have to take a lot more time than I have got today to talk  about all the things in the bill that I have had concerns about, but I  would say, to start with, this idea that one size fits all, this  Federal takeover of elections, can't be in the interest of voters in  our country.   It would force a single and, I believe, a partisan view of elections  and how they should be run in 10,000 different jurisdictions in the  country. I don't know how you do that. I don't know how you take 10,000  jurisdictions and try, at the Washington, DC, level in legislation, to  determine changes like how they would register voters. Every State,  under this bill, would do it exactly the same way--which voting systems  they would use; how they would handle early voting and absentee  ballots, no matter how long they had been doing it one way that worked  for voters in their State; and how they maintain their voter list,  whether you can go in and verify whether people on the voter list were  still there.   We used to think that was a critically important protection in the  election system; that you knew that the voters that had registered to  vote in a jurisdiction actually were still in that jurisdiction. It was  actually, in every State, a bragging point of responsible election  administration. That would largely go away in this bill.   This bill would require States to make ballot drop boxes available  for 45 days prior to the Federal election. Those are boxes that--it  even designates the locations and tells the local jurisdiction how they  need to handle those ballots as they come out of the boxes and would be  processed.   Remember, these are not mailboxes. They would be the ballot drop  boxes all over the jurisdiction, if you could find one.   It would mandate unlimited ballot harvesting. That is a process where  one person could collect and submit as many ballots as they could  collect and submit. You know, in recent elections, we have seen ballot  harvesting as a real problem in these elections. Not only does one  person have your ballot and get that ballot to where it should be,  frankly, one of the problems always with ballot harvesting is maybe a  person who knows voters pretty well would collect 20 and put 18 in the  mailbox or take 18 to the vote counting area and the other two just  somehow don't get there.    Unlimited ballot harvesting, prohibited in many States--and, in fact,  in recent years the Democratic House of Representatives failed to seat  an elected Representative in North Carolina because that person had  used ballot harvesting.   The bill would require States to allow felons to vote in Federal  elections. If you didn't like that, in this case, you could have two  sets of voter registrations, one for Federal elections and one for all  other elections.   And, by the way, if you did that, you would also have to have two  different sets of ballots for an election day that had both local and  State and Federal issues on the ballot.   And this bill would require that all of these changes be made  quickly. Even jurisdictions that recently have changed their processes  and spent a lot of time talking to people about those changes over  maybe 2 years or 4 years would suddenly be told, no, you have to change  them one more time. And maybe it is a day here or a day there, but that  makes a big difference if you have already got in your mind how far  before an election you have to register to vote or transfer your  address or things that election administrators work on all the time.   You know, my first elected job was as the county clerk in Greene  County, Springfield, MO, where I was the chief election authority. We  had a county of about 180,000 people in it, lots of registered voters,  but you had to take that very seriously.   And later I was the chief election authority in our State for 8 years  as the secretary of state, and I know how much planning goes into the  elections. I know how seriously local officials take it.   I also know how difficult it could be if every change you made had to  be cleared some way with somebody in Washington, DC.   You know, States can often take years to transition to a new ballot  system or transition to a new way they do things. They also can do it  very quickly if they need to, and we saw that happen in a number of  States last year.   I think this bill, if it did pass, really doesn't allow the time you  need for planning.   The diversity of our election system is one of the great strengths of  our system. There is bipartisan agreement on that. I have quoted  President Obama on this before, but he said in 2016: ``There is no  serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you can even  rig America's elections, in part, because they are so decentralized and  the numbers of votes involved.''   This bill would undo that decentralized strength. It would undo that  local and State responsibility for having laws that voters who vote for  you understand you need to apply in the fairest and best way you can.  The bill would make our system less diverse, less secure.   Unfortunately, this bill doesn't just stop at election  administration. It takes the campaign finance system and changes it  dramatically.   You know, when the Federal Elections Commission was created in the  early 1970s, it was a six-member Commission. It was to be bipartisan.  This turns it into a five-member Commission, with whoever is the  President being able to appoint the third member on one side to always  outvote, if they need to, the two members on the other side.   There have been many times, obviously, in the history of the Federal  Election Commission when the vote has been 3 to 3 or 2 to 2, whatever  the makeup was at the time. This would do away with that and basically  turn the Commission from a bipartisan Commission into a prosecutorial  body, where one side always has the majority if they want it. I think  voters should and would be very concerned about that.   It would allow the Chair of the FEC to make key staffing changes. It  would allow judges to review cases, even when the Commission found no  violation of the law.   In addition, the bill would create a system of public financing for  political campaigns by matching certain contributions with Federal  dollars. The match would be 6 to 1. So in the matchable, low-dollar-- whatever you define that to be--contributions, if you raise $100,000 of  those contributions, you would have $700,000. Six hundred thousand of  those dollars could have been used by the Federal Government for other  things rather than to finance politicians in a campaign.   Now, I understand why politicians would like that. I have raised as  much money as most people in this body have raised, and, you know, the  idea  [[Page S1637]]  that just the Federal Government would come in at some point and give  me $6 for some percentage of those that I raised might be pretty  appealing, but I think it would be wrong.   It takes jurisdiction away from the States into how to draw  congressional districts. Now, this is going to be inconvenient if it  passes because the Constitution specifically says the State  legislatures decide how to draw a congressional district. It doesn't  say the Congress of the United States tells the State legislatures how  to draw congressional districts, but this bill would do that.   The bill requires redistricting commissions. It dictates who would  serve on the commissions. It sets the criteria and the procedures for  how you draw the maps. It lays out how the commissions have to take  public input.   And if that weren't bad enough--it doesn't stop there--it even  determines which courts act on all redistricting cases. And this would  be a dramatic change where, again, you have a one-size-fits-all system  in a country that clearly is not a one-size-fits-all country.   Since very few States currently have commissions like that, it would  set a lot of deadlines that we don't currently have. Districts drawn  using 2020 census data would all but be guaranteed to be drawn by  Federal courts just because of the time that this bill sets out.   But the Federal court drawing the district isn't the big problem. The  big problem is forever you have changed this and forever you have put  the DC Circuit as the ultimate circuit to determine all redistricting  cases. We have never thought that power belonged in Washington, DC,  before, but this bill does.   It is an unprecedented power grab by the Federal Government at the  expense of the States. I think it is a transparent attempt to stack  elections in favor of one party. Election law should not be about a  single party.   If this bill were to pass, it would do nothing, in my view, to  bolster public confidence in elections. In fact, I suspect most  election officials around the country would begin to say: I would like  to be able to do something about that problem, but we will have to  clear that with Washington, DC, first.   I think the divisions in the country would be worse, not better.  Successful election laws are passed on a bipartisan basis. We did that  with the Help America Vote Act after 2000. We provided assistance and  some direction with the finances, but we didn't change a single State  law after 2016. We left that up to the States. We created bipartisan  impact when we did that.   We should continue to put the strength and the security of the  country's elections before party. We should continue to oppose the  efforts of a single party to make sweeping partisan changes in our  election system. I don't talk to anybody who doesn't think that this  bill, as a similar bill passed the House, would pass the House on a  purely partisan basis. That would be a bad idea.   I encourage my colleagues to look carefully at S. 1, and I think if  you do, a majority of the Senate will not support this bill.   I yield the floor.   