 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from New  York (Mr. Morelle), my very good friend, for yielding me the customary  30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today's rule covers two items, both of which will be  familiar to Members who were here during the 116th Congress. We are  once again considering H.R. 1, a bill that nationalizes our election  system and substitutes Washington's judgment for a key responsibility  of our States in the administration of free and fair elections. We are  also considering H.R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.   Unfortunately, despite its title, H.R. 1 has nothing at all to do  with the people. It is, instead, a bill about preserving the present  Democrat majority. It is a bill by Democrats for Democrats. Though the  majority claims this bill is about reforming our political system, the  reality is that most of the changes in this bill, if enacted into law,  would be to benefit the majority to the detriment of the minority.   The most egregious of these provisions are those dedicated to  changing our national system of campaign finance. Now, in general, I  think this is a worthy goal, but the majority's proposed solution does  not make much sense. The majority is proposing to create a new  federally funded campaign ATM using corporate fines, ensuring that  certain candidates will receive millions of dollars just for running a  campaign.   My colleagues in the majority have bemoaned the massive amount of  money that has been entering into our campaign system over the past few  decades, yet their proposed solution is to dump corporate dollars into  the system.   In what world does this make sense?   Even Democrats know what a flawed program this is, which is why  today's rule also includes a provision to allow Members of Congress to  opt out of this program. Before this bill was even passed by the House,  Democrats were already running from it. They should just keep running  and pull this bill from the floor.   Other proposed changes in this bill are just egregious. Wherever  possible, the majority is attempting to impose one-size-fits-all  systems from Washington onto the States. It does this with a one-size- fits-all voter registration system, including forcing States to provide  same-day voter registration whether they want to or not.   It takes away the power of the States to choose how to redistrict,  forcing them to adopt Washington-imposed ``independent redirecting  commissions,'' something that less than 20 percent of the States who  undertake redistricting actually do.   These provisions impede the traditional power of the States to  control their own elections. As a former secretary of state and  election official in my home State of Oklahoma, I find these changes to  be particularly concerning.   But what is worse, H.R. 1 also includes severe restrictions on free  speech and repeals the Lois Lerner rule, a rule put into place after  the IRS began targeting the speech of conservative organizations in  determining whether or not they would qualify for tax exempt status. If  enacted into law, these provisions would reweaponize the IRS and limit  the abilities of organizations, corporations, and individuals to freely  exercise this most-important right guaranteed under the Constitution.   How the majority can claim that this bill is for the people when they  are blatantly restricting the people's right to free speech is beyond  my understanding.   Mr. Speaker, what the majority is attempting today is egregious.  Changing the national campaign finance system to benefit themselves,  taking traditional powers away from the States, and restricting the  right of free speech are all part of an unprecedented power grab.   I strongly urge the majority to change course, and I urge my  colleagues to reject this terrible bill.   Today, we are also considering H.R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act. As with H.R. 1, this bill will be familiar to our  returning Members, as the House passed an identical bill last summer.   Unfortunately, while I think this bill is well-intentioned, it, too,  is misguided. Reforms contained in H.R. 1280 will do more harm than  good. I do not doubt the majority's good intentions with this  legislation.   The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act came about following the  tragic events of last summer. George Floyd's death demonstrated what so  many Americans know only too well, that abuses of power clearly exist  and must be grappled with.   And while the overwhelming majority of law enforcement officers  faithfully and bravely carry out their duties and responsibilities each  day, all too often many Americans receive different treatment due to  the color of their skin. Americans across the country rightly condemn  this horrific and unacceptable act.   Unfortunately, rather than choosing to come together to legislate in  a bipartisan manner, the majority chose to take the exact opposite  course last summer, and we are once again considering the same flawed  and deeply partisan bill we considered then and that the Senate failed  to take up. I believe this bill will face the same result, should the  House pass it again this week.   During the last Congress, when the Judiciary Committee met to mark up  this bill, the majority completely shut out Republicans from the  process. Republicans made good-faith attempts to work with the  Democrats to find common ground on needed reforms, yet every single one  of these attempts were rejected.   This year, the majority has not even deigned to bring this bill to a  markup in the Judiciary Committee, and, once again, the majority has  shut Republicans out of the process.   This is no way to legislate on an issue that is this important, Mr.  Speaker. Republicans and Democrats alike agree that reforms are  necessary. We all watched the tragedy of George Floyd unfold last  summer and we all watched the resulting protests. We all agree that  action is necessary. But rather than working together in the best  interest of the American people, the majority is once again telling  Republicans that they can only have a  [[Page H867]]  Hobson's choice. They can take the Democrats' bill or they can take the  Democrats' bill with no other options.   But I, along with my fellow Republicans, reject that idea. We fully  recognize the critical need for reform. My colleagues, both in the  House and in the Senate, have put together our own package, the JUSTICE  Act, filled with bipartisan reforms that could pass both the House and  the Senate and be signed into law quickly. These reforms include  critical measures, like providing funding for body cameras for police  officers, requiring deescalation procedures, and banning choke holds.   My colleague, Representative Stauber, offered this as an amendment at  the Rules Committee earlier today, but, once again, the majority chose  to shut out Republicans and refused to make this amendment in order.   That is a sad state of affairs, Mr. Speaker, but the real losers here  are the American people. This is an issue we can and should cooperate  on. I urge my colleagues in the majority to rethink the path they are  on. On an issue that is this important and this critical to the  American people, the very best thing we can do is work together. And  with a reduced majority, I think that would actually be good political  advice for my friends.   We can work on bipartisan reforms together and we can produce  consensus legislation that has the buy-in of Members on both sides.  Unfortunately, the majority has once again chosen the opposite path:  Partisan bills filled with provisions that do not reflect the best  interest or consensus of the country.   We can do better than that, Mr. Speaker. The American people deserve  better.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to this rule and the underlying  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Reschenthaler), my good friend, also a  member of the Committee on Rules.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), my very good friend, and the distinguished  ranking member of the Committee on House Administration.    Mr. Speaker, my friend and I disagree on the two pieces of  legislation today, but we absolutely agree that the Committee on Rules'  meeting was not fun.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs.  Greene), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), my very good friend and the  ranking member of the House Committee on Natural Resources.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, just quickly to my friend from New York, I wasn't here,  and he wasn't here, but our friends thought to challenge in this  Chamber the election in 2001, after 2000. I was here in 2004 when they  challenged a State and demanded a recount. Then, I was here in 2017  when my friends on the other side sought to challenge 10 different  States. So, let's not act like this is somehow unusual.   Mr. Speaker, another part of today's rule includes a provision to  deem passed a correction to last week's budget reconciliation measure.  Given that the majority now wishes to reopen last week's  reconciliation, it is certainly appropriate to further amend that  resolution to correct one of the more egregious provisions in it.   If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the  rule to immediately adopt H. Res. 178, an engrossment correction to  strike funding in the budget reconciliation bill for the Pelosi subway  tunnel in California and instead direct the $140 million to support  mental health and suicide prevention in States where children do not  have the option of in-person instruction in school.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oklahoma (Mrs.  Bice), my good friend, for further explanation of the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, obviously, I oppose the rule. The majority is proposing  two significant pieces of legislation today that are, unfortunately,  both deeply partisan. In neither case has the majority allowed  Republicans to be involved in the process of legislating.   Mr. Speaker, on H.R. 1, the majority is proposing a deeply troubling  takeover of election practices that will benefit only Democrats. The  bill will take away the traditional powers of the States to run their  own elections as they see fit, imposing a one-size-fits-all regime from  Washington.   It dumps huge amounts of corporate money into the campaign finance  system, particularly benefiting certain candidates. It imposes severe  restrictions on free speech that are anathema to a free and fair  election.   On H.R. 1280, the majority is once again seeking to pass the same  flawed police reform bill it passed last Congress.   Mr. Speaker, we had a real opportunity here for both Democrats and  Republicans to work together to pass real reforms for the American  people. Instead of taking ``yes'' for an answer, the majority is  instead seeking to impose a deeply partisan bill that will not fix the  problems or help heal the American people.   Mr. Speaker, we deserve better than that. The American people are  best served when their Representatives in Congress can come together  and work in a bipartisan manner. One side attempting to impose partisan  legislation on the country does us all a disservice.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to rethink this path, reject both  of these bills, and return to the negotiating table and work with  Republicans for a brighter future for all Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I mean this with all sincerity. There is a great gap  between us on H.R. 1. We just simply look at this matter differently. I  think it is egregious partisan overreach. On H.R. 1280, there really is  an opportunity for bipartisan cooperation. The JUSTICE Act that Mr.  Stauber filed last year and presented today as an amendment has a great  deal in common with some of the objectives I know my friends want to  achieve on their side of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, in an almost evenly divided House and an evenly divided  Senate that still has the filibuster, you can't do things by  reconciliation every day. Most days, to get much done, it is going to  require bipartisan cooperation.   We often say that never happens. The reality is it happens a lot more  than people acknowledge. Five times last year we came together as  Republicans and Democrats and passed COVID relief packages that made a  big difference in this country. We also passed the spending bill on a  bipartisan basis that funded the government for this entire fiscal  year. We did that in the middle of a Presidential election year that  was extraordinarily divisive.   Mr. Speaker, we can work together. I would ask my friends to rethink  the course of the reconciliation bill and now these two pieces of  legislation and start thinking about where we can actually get things  done. I think the George Floyd bill, H.R. 1280, is one of those places.  I also think the appropriations process can be one of those places. We  can probably even find some common ground on some of the electoral  issues, although personally, in my view, H.R. 1 is a very flawed piece  of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from New York for the debate  and tell him that, despite our disagreements on these two pieces of  legislation, I look forward to working with him. I don't think either  of these are likely to get through the United States Senate. I do think  we can get a product back from the United States Senate that both of us  might be able to vote for, in terms of police justice and overhaul. We  will wait and see what happens with H.R. 1. I am less optimistic we  will ever see it again, but I am happy to say good-bye to it out of  this Chamber.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the rule and I urge rejection of  both underlying pieces of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   