 Mr. President, I thank my colleagues who worked diligently  to enhance the legislation that we are considering on the floor here  this morning. I commend them for the work they put into this effort.   I have an amendment that has been included in a vote we are going to  take here momentarily, a NO HATE amendment, and I would like to speak  for just a few minutes about this topic. I will limit my remarks to  speaking in support of the amendment's language, which simply seeks to  collect better data on hate crimes under existing statutes.  [[Page S2143]]    We know that crimes committed against specific groups increased in  recent years. Anti-Semitic attacks hit a record high in 2019. There are  gaps in our knowledge of how prevalent these crimes truly are.   The language included in this amendment, based upon the NO HATE Act  introduced by Senator Blumenthal, has bipartisan support in this  Chamber and for its companion in the House. It would establish  incentives for State and local law enforcement to submit credible and  complete hate crime reports, create grants for State-run crime  hotlines, require the Department of Justice to collect and analyze data  on hate crimes, and allow judges to require community service or  educational programs for individuals convicted under existing statutes.   I would also take a moment to express my gratitude to Senator Rick  Scott for working to help improve the text, and that improvement, in  fact, is also found in this agreement.   Kansans have personally been touched by incidents during my time in  the Senate.   In 2014, a neo-Nazi killed three at the Jewish Community Center of  Greater Kansas City and a Jewish retirement home, both in Overland  Park. In late 2016, the FBI thwarted a bomb plot against an apartment  complex housing Somali immigrants in Garden City, and the following  year, a man shot two Indian immigrants, killing one, at a restaurant in  Olathe, KS, after shouting, ``Get out of my country.''   These were high-profile, well-publicized incidents of hate. It is  important that the incidents that do not gain broad attention are  nevertheless recorded properly so that the Department of Justice can  properly analyze the data.   A bipartisan group of attorneys general for 35 States and  territories, including Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt, have  endorsed the NO HATE Act. It is also backed by Major Cities Chiefs  Associations and the National District Attorneys Association.   No statutes are expanded by this amendment, nor are there any  mandates. Instead, it will allow for State and local entities to  voluntarily seek grants to better provide data on specific crimes in  their jurisdictions and to give judges flexibility in sentencing  violent offenders.   I condemn the recent attacks on Asian Americans, and assaults on  minorities are an assault of our Nation's creed of ``e pluribus  unum''--out of many, one. That is what our country is--out of many,  one.   The crimes Senator Blumenthal and I seek more information on tear at  the fabric of our Nation. But out of many crimes, it is time we speak  as one to condemn the perpetrators and their ideology, to support the  communities that live in fear despite that all of us--all of us--are  made in God's own image.   Committed to unifying principles, our diversity is our country's  strength. We continue to strive to make a more perfect union. This  amendment is but a small step in that direction.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   I yield the floor.   