 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Today, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2062, the Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act.   Fifty-four years ago, Congress passed the Age Discrimination in  Employment Act. This law prohibits workplace discrimination against  Americans over the age of 40, yet too many older Americans still face  discrimination in the workplace.   In 2018, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission  acknowledged that ``age discrimination remains a significant and costly  problem for workers, their families, and our economy.'' This is  corroborated by a 2019 AARP survey which found that roughly 60 percent  of older workers have witnessed or experienced age discrimination.   Making matters worse, a misguided Supreme Court ruling in 2009 set a  precedent which now requires a plaintiff in an age discrimination suit  to prove that his or her age was the only motivating factor in an  employer's adverse actions. This is, quite frankly, unacceptable.   Older Americans bring unrivaled experience and wisdom to their jobs.  It is up to us to restore the workplace protections to what Congress  intended.   I would also like to note that age discrimination affects many  workers with disabilities. This is an added challenge for the  disability community, which faces several other barriers to  competitive, integrated employment.   Even more disheartening is that some courts have applied the same  misguided 2009 Supreme Court standard of claims to disability-based  employment discrimination. In doing so, these lower courts are  undermining the key promise of the Americans with Disabilities Act and  throwing the congressional intent to the wind.   H.R. 2062 will correct that record. In fact, the Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act will restore vital employment  protections to millions of older American workers and workers with  disabilities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join  me today in supporting its final passage. It is the right thing to do.   