 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to respond a little  bit to the statement made prior to the gentleman from Louisiana. I  think maybe some of the public was misled into believing that people,  the Haitians crossing our southern border are coming here from Haiti.  They are actually living quite comfortably or at least adequately in  Brazil and Chile and are not coming here out of necessity.    They are coming here because of a change in policy in special  immigration status instituted by the Biden administration which, as  expected, has resulted in Haitians coming here from other countries  than Chile.   Now, tonight there are many issues that should be debated. We have  the crisis at the border. We still have the crisis in Afghanistan, we  have more mundane inflation here at home, we have the racial hatred  trying to be incited by the majority party.   But in the midst of all these other issues, they have decided on  Friday, over 220 of them are planning to vote on something called the  Women's Health Protection Act. I haven't seen a more morally  reprehensible piece of legislation in all my time in public life.   This legislation is going to legalize abortion up to the date of  birth. So you understand, right now that will put us as one of seven  countries worldwide who are in that ballpark, and only three other  countries would have a bill so extreme--Red China, North Korea, and  Vietnam--all countries in the recent past--and things have turned  around a little in China--countries that proudly shut down religion and  in particular Christianity, though it has bounced back a little in  China.   So there we are. Are you proud? United States, North Korea, North  Vietnam, Red China.   This bill will legalize abortion up to the date of birth.  Unbelievable. You have to realize in this country throughout most of  our history abortion was illegal. Abortion was illegal even though we  didn't have ultrasounds, and it wasn't so obvious how horrific it is.   So what did we respond to with about 50 years of ultrasounds in this  country? We look at those ultrasounds, and we send people to Congress  who say: Let's kill those children.   I also want to point out there are some moderating bills around the  various States which were designed to at least give the people some  ability to back away from some of these horrific abortions.   When I was in the State legislature, I authored a bill, it was a 24- hour waiting period bill, and I talked to plenty  [[Page H5081]]  of women who were bullied into abortions by boyfriends or parents and  regretted it. So we passed a 24-hour waiting period bill, and after  they showed up at the abortionist, they looked at the literature they  had received, looked at the ultrasounds and turned around.   There is some evidence that because of that bill about one in seven  women changed their mind and would not return for the second  appointment. But apparently that was too much for the majority party.  We cannot give women a 24-hour waiting period. We have to have that  abortion soon after they enter the clinic.   The next thing that really intrigues me is some States have gone  after sex-selective abortion. Perhaps since the majority party wants to  invite people from all over the world here, they like the cultural  change which some people view around the world, they view a baby girl  as somewhat less desirable than a baby boy, and therefore they want to  kill that baby girl. Of course, here in the United States we are  offended by such a thing, and States pass bills saying we are not going  to have sex-selective abortions. But apparently it is time to weigh in,  the majority party feels, time to weigh in into an area which has  traditionally been the purview of the States and say: No, no, we can't  have States having such a law.   We have to go back to the days in which you would come and do the  ultrasound, and say: Oh, it looks like a little girl, better get rid of  this one right away. That is apparently what the majority party wants  to make legal.   I want the American people to wake up. We need a moral reawakening in  this country. Wake up and realize that the majority of the House of  Representatives on this Friday is going to stand up and say abortion is  legal virtually until birth.   They are going to say it is wrong for any State to say you need a 24- hour waiting period, it is wrong to say that we want to stop the sex- selective abortions.   Wake up, America. We are in the middle of a moral free fall.   