 Madam Speaker, I rise today in ardent  opposition to H.R. 1, the alleged For the People Act.   Before I do that, I want to speak to the recent amendment submitted  that would allow criminals, convicted felons, in this country to vote.  I have traveled around the world. I don't know any country in this  world that allows criminals, convicted felons, to vote. That is not  keeping them from committing their crime. It is called punishment. It  is punishment for their crime. It is unconscionable to me we are  actually debating some of these things that we debate on the floor now.   Madam Speaker, the last election showed the Democrats' true goals for  reform, a way to permanently federalize the States' elections away from  Republicans.   If someone would read the Constitution, it is a beautiful document.  It talks about States making their own election law. This bill, if  anything, should be referred to as the for the politicians act.   Madam Speaker, let's just look at the process before I lambast the  policy. There were 183 amendments submitted, but only 56 were made in  order. Of those 56, only eight were allowed by Republican Members.   Thanks to the McGovern rule, Democrats are continually able to submit  rule bills on the floor without a committee markup--it is called the  democratic process--without a markup or a hearing.   Madam Speaker, policywise, things look even worse. This massive bill  provides taxpayer money to finance incumbents' campaigns. It curbs free  speech, significantly increases Federal bureaucracy and red tape, and  creates a one-size-fits-all Federal election system.   Madam Speaker, our Founders purposefully decentralized our election  process to give States the authority to conduct a smooth and open  election day. Get the Federal Government out of State and local  affairs. Not every precinct is equal or is of the same composition.  Eastern North Carolina is not the same, thank God, as California;  Portland, Oregon; or Manhattan.   Madam Speaker, furthermore, many of these changes were made without  the input of State and local leaders who have the best on-the-ground  knowledge.    Madam Speaker, several organizations  oppose this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides to oppose H.R. 1  and support the Republican alternative, the Save Democracy Act.   This is about our elections. This is what makes the United States  different from everywhere. If we allow fraud in our electoral process,  this Nation is lost.   