 Mr. Speaker, you just have to ask yourself what in the  heck is going on here. Doctors across this country, our heroes in the  healthcare fight that we have been in the last 2 years, are facing  significant cuts in their Medicare reimbursements.   Instead of getting a commitment from Congress that we are going to  work on solving this problem, what do they get? A gimmicky bill tying a  reprieve on the Medicare cuts to the debt limit. That is a dead duck  over in the other body. It is not going to pass, and the majority knows  it is not going to pass.   Why don't we face the facts and get things done correctly from the  start?   Unfortunately, our authorizing committees, the Committee on Energy  and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means, have not seen fit to  hold the hearings that would be necessary to provide a solution to this  problem. Our providers need and deserve that certainty.   Mr. Speaker, I don't know what it is like in your part of the State,  but in my part of the State, we are experiencing a shortage of  healthcare workers. We are also seeing hospital consolidation becoming  more and more prevalent. The coming Medicare cuts will only worsen  these issues.   Furthermore, we have not even considered the cuts due to the Centers  for Medicare and Medicaid Services clinical labor pricing updates. Some  studies are now indicating that these cuts could be as significant as  20 percent for some providers.   Many of these same providers serve our seniors. They serve patients  in critical care populations, including cancer patients and patients  receiving critical surgeries or procedures. Overall, the clinical labor  pricing updates will have an extreme impact on health quality, as they  will affect our most vulnerable populations.   I appreciate the fact that the rebate rule is not included as an  offset in this bill. That truly was budgetary smoke and mirrors that  had no place in a rational discussion of this. But I do have to ask why  we are reluctant to reuse the dollars in the Provider Relief Fund as an  offset instead of creating a new Medicare sequester that, oh, yeah,  won't start until 10 years from now.   Mr. Speaker, we are all familiar here with kicking the can down the  road and robbing Peter to pay Paul. We are basically now robbing  Peter's grandchildren to pay Paul. The Provider Relief Fund is sitting  there waiting to be used. It would provide targeted relief to providers  consistent with the original intent of the fund that we all voted for  on March 27, 2020.   Unfortunately, this bill includes a one-time procedural change to  allow the Senate to originate and pass a debt limit increase with only  51 votes. The Medicare issue and the debt limit do not belong in the  same room, let alone in the same bill.   Protecting patients' access to care and helping healthcare providers  during a public health emergency is a bipartisan issue. It deserves  sincere congressional action, and it is time we work on meaningful  payment reform.    Madam Speaker, I am on the Energy and Commerce  Committee; I am on the Budget Committee; and I am on the Rules  Committee. But I am also a co-chair of the House Republican Doctors  Caucus, and last week, the Surgeon General of the United States, Vivek  Murthy, asked if he could come talk to us. We made that a bipartisan  meeting. We included Democrats who are physicians as well in that  meeting.   Dr. Murthy was concerned primarily about physician burnout, and he  has encountered a lot of it since he has reassumed his role as the  Surgeon General, the Nation's top doctor.   We shared with the Surgeon General one of the principal drivers. Yes,  the pandemic has been a problem. Yes, cutting down elective surgeries  early in the pandemic and clobbering the cash flow in offices was a  problem. But one of the real drivers of physician burnout today is  constant, constant haggling and no solution over these cuts.    A year ago, we were here on this floor talking about a 9.4 percent  cut in Medicare reimbursement rates. Now, at the last minute, God came  out of the machine and saved the Nation's doctors, but here we are  again.   The thing is, we all knew this was coming. It wasn't a mystery. We  could have had hearings, as Ranking Member Brady has pointed out. We  could have had hearings in our committee, but we chose not to.   We chose to squander that time, and now the Surgeon General is  concerned about burnout in the Nation's physician corps. Here is the  problem: They are burned out because we won't answer their calls. We  won't solve their problems.   We had an opportunity to do it. I asked in the Rules Committee for an  amendment to divide the question. We don't have to do the debt limit  and the doc fix at the same blow. Let's divide the question. Let  Members have the freedom to vote on this issue and vote their  conscience, and let doctors all over this country know who stands with  them and who is against them.   