 Mr. President, I will try to be relatively brief here. I  understand the bill is being printed now, and we will have a vote here  fairly shortly.   I just want to set the stage for my view--my point of view. I think I  speak for most people in our conference on what we are trying to do  here.   Up until now, we have been able, as a body, to work together on COVID  relief. And the question is, Why can't we do it again? I think I know  the answer, but I want to remind people what we have done in a  bipartisan fashion.   On March 5, 2020, when we had President Trump, a Republican Senate,  and a Democratic House, we approved $8 billion, 96 to 1, and we were  just beginning to understand the virus; March 18, a few weeks later,  $355 billion, 90 to 8; March 25, $1.9 trillion, 96 to 0.   So from March 5 to March 25, we passed three bills, well over $2  trillion, 96 to 1, 90 to 8, and 96 to 0. So I would argue to the  American people that it is not like the Republican Party and the  Democratic Party can't work together when it comes to COVID relief.   But now that the Democrats have the House, the Senate, and the White  House, there seems to be no desire to go down that road, and I will  talk about that in a minute.   April 21, 2020, we did $355 billion more. That was by voice vote.  Spending $355 by voice vote is pretty astonishing; $1.9 trillion, 96 to  0 is pretty astonishing. September 30, 2020, 84 to 10. December 21,  just a few months ago, we spent another trillion, 92 to 6.   Why do I bring this up? I bring it up to show there is plenty of  bipartisanship around COVID relief, and that bipartisanship has  stopped. President Biden made a big deal about wanting to bring the  country together and find common ground. In the one area that we  actually had common ground, we have abandoned common ground to deal  with a $1.9 trillion package just months after we authorized $1.04  trillion.   Here is the problem I think Republicans have. Of the $1.9 trillion  being proposed now, about 90 percent of it has very little to do with  COVID. It is a liberal wish list. The reason I know it is a liberal  wish list is that Senator Schumer said 15 times yesterday--about 15  times--that it wasn't a liberal wish list. If Senator Schumer is saying  it is not a liberal wish list, it is a liberal wish list. I will be  able to prove that in more detail.   That is the history of bipartisanship. That bipartisanship has been  destroyed. We had 10 Republicans, I think, go to the White House to  offer around $700 billion that would extend checks, that would do  vaccines, would do a lot of things that we think we need to still do,  but that went nowhere.   Another point for the American people: We are going to a partisan  approach to COVID for the first time. I went over the amount of money  we have appropriated to the COVID problems the country has experienced,  and here is what I want you to understand. We are going to spend $1.9  trillion in a partisan fashion. I think a lot of it is very much  unrelated to COVID simply because they have the power to do it.   They now have the power of the Federal Government, complete power-- control of the Senate, control of the House, control of the White  House. They have abandoned bipartisanship. We had the Presidency and  the Senate; they had the House. We were able to work together. Now they  have it all. They are running us over, literally, legislatively here.   I think we have made reasonable offers. Nobody is willing to  compromise. They see this as a moment to do a lot of things they have  been wanting to do for years that have nothing to do with COVID.   Another problem they have, in my view, is you are appropriating $1.9  trillion, most of it not related to COVID, and we haven't spent the  money we have allocated in the past. So administrative actions--there  is still $200 billion that we haven't spent. Legislative actions, $3.1  trillion we have spent. We have appropriated $4.1 trillion. There is  still $1 trillion that hasn't been spent yet.   The Federal Reserve actions allowed $5.9 trillion to be allocated to  help businesses that were failing. They spent $2.8 trillion.   The vaccine is getting out by the day. We are hopeful that we can  change the course of the virus, get people back to work.   In this bill, they do a lot of things unrelated to COVID because they  can. Why are we opposed to this? Because it is a lot of money that is  being spent on things unrelated to COVID. We haven't spent the money we  appropriated in past efforts yet, but we are going to spend $1.9  trillion more. I think it is very unfortunate, and I hope the American  people understand that this is spending money for the sake of spending  money, not to combat COVID.   Let me give you some examples of what is in this bill. The minimum  wage dropped out. Now is the worst possible time, I think, to go to  $15-an-hour minimum wage. Just think about your own communities. How  many restaurants and hotels have had to reduce or close down because of  COVID restrictions? We are finally beginning to come out of it a bit.  To add a $15-an-hour mandate, doubling the minimum wage, would be  increasing the cost of doing business after the government at the State  and local levels shut the businesses down.  [[Page S1050]]  So the business has been reduced in terms of revenue because of COVID  restrictions, and now the Federal Government is going to mandate a  doubling of the minimum wage that the business has to absorb and pass  on to consumers. That is out. We can raise the minimum wage in a  responsible fashion once we get COVID under control.   There was $100 million for a Silicon Valley underground rail project  that didn't pass the smell test. The only reason that is out is we made  a big deal about it. But they saw the COVID package as a chance to put  $100 million into a Silicon Valley underground rail project, which  shows you their mindset toward this bill.   This bill is not about fighting COVID. It is about a chance, in a  partisan fashion, to do things they couldn't do otherwise. There was  $1.5 million from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund regarding the  Seaway International Bridge in New York. The Silicon Valley underground  rail project may make sense. Senator Schumer's bridge project may make  sense. We are going to do an infrastructure bill. It seems to me that  we would take these infrastructure projects and put them in an  infrastructure bill and try to have a COVID bill related to fighting  COVID.   But, clearly, they are taking an opportunity, my friends on the other  side, of loading this bill up with a liberal wish list--parochial  interests--because they can.   I hope the American people will understand what is going on and bring  back a balance of power in Washington in 2022 because if you let them  have it all, this is a sign of things to come. But we will talk about  that later.   There is $20 million in the bill for the preservation and maintenance  of Native American languages. That might be something that makes sense,  but we are dealing with a COVID package. There is $20 million for the  preservation of maintenance of Native American languages and $135  million for the National Endowment for the Arts.   I am an appropriator. This isn't an appropriations bill. It is not a  COVID bill. In the committees I am on, we actually vet this stuff to  see if it makes sense to put it in the normal appropriations cycle.  They take a COVID problem--and it is a real problem still to this day-- and they load it up with things unrelated to COVID because they can.   We can't stop them now. Maybe one day we can stop them and go back to  the old way of doing business where we sit down and work together as  Democrats and Republicans to spend over $4 trillion to combat COVID. My  hope is that we will have some balance in the future that we don't have  today.   So $135 million for the National Endowment for the Humanities--what  has that got to do with COVID? There are people really suffering out  there. And $135 million for the Endowment for the Arts and $135 million  for the Endowment for Humanities, that is still a lot of money where I  come from   There is $200 million for the Institute of Museum and Library  Sciences. I am sure there are needs out there for museums and library  sciences, but it should go through the appropriations process where we  will have a chance to make a case for it or against it rather than it  being crammed into a bill that is being printed while I speak.   We are talking about a $1.9 trillion COVID package with 90 percent  unrelated to COVID being printed while I speak. Now, if that is good  government, count me out.   Funding for Planned Parenthood. What has that got to do with COVID?   PPP loans for labor unions.   Paid leave for Federal employees.   An $86 billion bailout for union pensions. Maybe that is something we  want to look at, but in a COVID bill?   This is why people are so turned off to Washington because we take a  crisis, a problem facing your family and your community, and they turn  it into a spendfest, a liberal wish list, indeed, come true.   A new taxpayer-funded executive branch employee emergency leave  program.   Money for schools. We haven't spent the money we have allocated for  schools yet. We are trying to open schools. The money that has been  allocated for schools is still--most of it--a lot of it has been  unspent. In this bill, we have $68 billion for K-12. The money should  be given to people opening schools, and only $5 billion of that will be  spent this year. Most of the money for K-12 assistance is in 2022 and  the years that follow. That is not an emergency COVID package. That is  just putting money into the education system in a fashion they like and  we don't have any input over. It really has nothing to do with fighting  the COVID crisis and getting our schools reopened. Of the $129 billion  for K-12 in this package, $6.4 billion is to be distributed this year.  The $68 billion was in the last round and only $5 billion this year, so  most of the money for schools is spent in the out years. Again, that is  just an opportunity to be taken by them.   Of the $129 billion, $122 billion for K-12 schools will not be spent  until years 2022 through 2028. God, I hope we don't have to deal with  COVID in 2028.   We have approved six COVID bills. We have spent over $4 trillion-- appropriated over $4 trillion. A trillion is yet unspent, and we are  doing $1.9 trillion where 90 percent of it has nothing to do with  COVID. Why are we doing this? Because they can.   They have abandoned the bipartisan model that worked. They have  chosen a partisan model. No matter what they tell you, my friends on  the other side, this is a liberal wish list. This is very much seizing  the moment, taking a crisis, a problem in America, and using it to  advance causes completely unrelated to COVID, spending money that  hasn't been vetted, spending money that has nothing to do with COVID  because they can.   The only thing I can tell you about spending money--count me in for  helping people get back on their feet. I have always been for a direct  payment. Count me out for a $1.9 trillion spendfest unrelated to COVID  in a partisan fashion.   This is everything President Biden said he wouldn't do. The inaugural  speech rings hollow when it comes to this provision, the $1.9 trillion  COVID package. Everything President Biden said he wanted to do for the  country, he abandoned. It is not like there are plenty of Republicans  that would sit down and work with our Democratic friends to do another  round of COVID relief, but it has to be related to COVID, and we want  to spend the money we have appropriated in the past first. Maybe that  is an odd concept in Washington, but I will make a bet that most  Americans find it odd that we would appropriate money for a problem  when we haven't spent the money we had already appropriated in the  past. We can get that out the door to see what needs to be done in the  future.   I think most Americans believe now is not the time to load a bill up  with a bunch of stuff unrelated to COVID because we need every dollar  to hit the mark. But we will have a chance to talk about that in the  coming months, and there will be another election coming before you  know it.   The only thing I can leave with the American people here is that they  have it all in terms of power. This is what they have chosen to do.  They have chosen a partisan path, rejecting the bipartisan path. They  have chosen to put most of the money in the bill for things unrelated  to COVID simply because they can.   The last election was about what would happen to our country if  Democrats got in charge of everything. Many of us on our side said it  would be one of the most liberal agendas in the history of American  politics and would come forth pretty quickly. I had no idea it would  come forth this quickly. I had no idea they would abandon a bipartisan  approach to COVID because it seems to be the one area that we have had  success regarding working together.   During the campaign, I said that there would be two areas I thought  we could do bipartisan legislation: One was COVID; the other was  infrastructure.   Boy, was I wrong about COVID. I am hoping that the American people  pay some attention to this debate. We are going to have some really  good amendments on our side that talk about how we would spend the  money differently and why we would choose not to spend some money on  this bill because it simply has nothing to do with COVID.    The American people have suffered during the COVID pandemic, but  there are better days ahead. I want us to do  [[Page S1051]]  as much as we can for vaccinations and helping people get back into  school. I am willing to help people who are struggling out there, but  you shouldn't be giving a $1,400 check to people who make $200,000 as a  couple. They changed that. They have taken the Silicon Valley railway  out. They have also taken the bridge out because they had to, not  because they wanted to.   We are going to have a lot of amendments to show what we would do  with your money versus what they would do with your money. We are going  to have a lot of amendments that would show what we would do with COVID  and how to fight COVID versus what they would do with COVID. That is  what democracy is all about--working together when you can and showing  differences when you must.   There are going to be a lot of differences in this debate, and I  think this will not be the last time you hear about this bill. I think  this bill is going to resonate for months and years to come in all of  the wrong ways.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   