 Madam President, I rise today in recognition of National  Police Week, where we honor, remember, and support public servants who  dedicate their lives to keeping our communities safe.   Today, I specifically recognize Louisiana law enforcement officers  who lost their lives in 2020 performing their duty. We should all thank  God for law enforcement officers and their willingness to put their  lives between us and danger, knowing that they may have to sacrifice  their lives, as 15 did in Louisiana this past year.   To the families, wives, husbands, and children of these fallen  Louisiana police officers, we share your pain, and we share your pride  for he or she who was here for us all.   These are the officers in Louisiana who died this past year in the  line of service: Deputy Constable Levi Kelling Arnold, New Orleans  First City Court; Trooper George Bowman Baker, Louisiana State Police;  SRO/Dare Officer Kejuane Artez Bates, Vidalia Police Department;  Reserve Captain Raymond Andrew Boseman, New Orleans Police Department;  Probation and Parole Officer Kaitlin Marie Cowley, Louisiana Department  of Public Safety and Corrections; Captain Steven Michael Gaudet, Jr.,  Pearl River Police Department; Deputy Sheriff Claude Winston Guillory,  Jefferson Davis Parish Sheriff's Office; Senior Police Officer Mark  Albert Hall, Sr., New Orleans Police Department; Lieutenant Glenn Dale  Hutto, Jr., Baton Rouge Police Department; Correctional Deputy Kietrell  Michael Pitts, Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Office; Deputy Sheriff Donna  Michelle Richardson-Below, DeSoto Parish Sheriff's Office; Captain  Kevin Paul Trahan, Church Point Police Department; Captain Randy  Michael Vallot, Richland Parish Sheriff's Office; Officer Marshall Lee  Waters, Jr., Mangham Police Department; and Senior Police Officer  Sharon M. Williams, New Orleans Police Department.   Their passing--each of theirs--was felt throughout our States, and  they are tragic reminders of the danger law enforcement officers face  every day when they report for duty. And they know it; they accept the  risk; their families accept the risk; and their spouse and their  children. We must honor their sacrifice.   I ask that we all join in prayer for the families of these fallen  officers and that we keep in prayer those who protect us during the  day. It is a difficult time, but knowing our country supports them can  make all the difference.   Just last week, the Audubon Zoo canceled the annual Blue at the Zoo  event that seeks to promote and foster positive, interactive  experiences with the New Orleans Police Department. The New Orleans  Police Department superintendent, Shaun Ferguson, said he was  ``disheartened as a result of that decision.''   Any opportunity for a positive conversation is an opportunity to  improve relationships between law enforcement and communities. We need  more events, not fewer. We have much work to do.   But today, let's acknowledge those who put their lives on the line  every day they put on a uniform. Let's remember those we have lost too  soon. Let's honor the work they do to keep us safe.   With that, I yield the floor.   