 Madam Speaker, this has been an  interesting day. And I know we want to debate this, and we brought up  all kinds of things, all kinds of points of history and what happened  and where it happened and all the rest of this, and we are very, very  grateful to the Capitol Police and all those who came in to protect us.   But the real debate right now about Pennsylvania is Pennsylvania's  Act 77. Was it constitutional or was it unconstitutional? All the rest  of the trimmings you can set aside and just decide: Was it  constitutional or unconstitutional?   Act 77 changed Pennsylvania's voting law and Pennsylvania's  Constitution.   Now, Pennsylvania could change that law, but it is done through an  amendment to the constitution. It is not just done because somebody  would like to see that done.   We had a mail ballot that was available. It was an absentee ballot.  We did not have a no-excuse ballot.   What did Pennsylvania have to do to get to the point where they would  have a no-excuse mail-in ballot?   Number one, in two successive sessions of the Pennsylvania  Legislature, that had to be passed in that legislation, one session  after the other. If it passed both times, then it had to be published  in every one of the 67 counties of Pennsylvania, twice. When that was  finished, it then had to go before the Pennsylvania voters to decide  whether they wanted the constitution amended.   Pennsylvania did the first one. They actually did take a vote, and it  was overwhelming. But then they scrapped it, and they put it in an  omnibus bill. That is an unconstitutional change. You cannot do it. It  is that simple.   So I love the idea about Washington crossing the Delaware. I love the  idea about Washington going through a terrible winter.   I hate the idea of what we had to go through today. But if oaths  don't matter, and we have all taken them, and if the Constitution  doesn't matter, why do we even do it? Why go through this charade that  somehow we are really close friends, except when it comes to the really  important things?   We have driven this country apart through the people's House, and we  wonder what happened?   The biggest loss on November 3 was not by Donald Trump; it was the  faith and trust that the American people lost in this voting system  because we have allowed it to happen. It is unconstitutional.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   