 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, as a student of foreign policy, if  somebody described to me the actions that we saw, I would have assumed  we were in a failed nation or a banana republic. Storming past police,  some carrying the flag of the Confederacy, the mob breached this House.   But there is good news: The democracy held today.   For the last few years, misinformation and fear has been fed into  people for profit and power, and for too many years, leaders around the  country said nothing and sometimes echoed those messages because of the  belief that winning, no matter the cost, was worth everything.   Today, we saw the result of ignoring these warning signs.   People look to Washington to give hope. Instead, we simply amplify  fears.   People look to us for expertise on what can and can't be possible.  Sometimes it is easier to say what makes people feel good instead of  the hard facts.   Today, some Members of Congress argue that we can unilaterally pick  the next President, that with our glorious wisdom, armed with Twitter,  we know better than the American people. Some have shown that, if  conspiracies are repeated enough, they become facts and they aren't  disputed.   Even here in this Chamber after the events today, some speeches have  been shockingly tone-deaf. I have seen people applaud cheap political  lines that are embarrassing.   Power and cultural fights have divided us so much that they are the  ultimate goal now, and sometimes the oath we swear to uphold feels like  a prop.   People have been lied to by too many for too long.   So here is the truth: Joe Biden won this election, the effort will  fail, and everybody knows it.   For some out there, this isn't about making a statement for the  betterment of our country; it is about avoiding the pain of leveling  with the people and telling them the truth: the emperor has no clothes.   I know many are disappointed in the result, but what legacy are we  leaving? Have our kids seen the day where Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill  had a beer over their differences, or have they learned that to lead,  you must tweet, and sometimes all in caps, because now this is  Hollywood, fame is the ultimate goal?   But the first step that we can take to restore this is to reject the  charade, and what happens next is up to us.   We get threatened with primaries; we worry about the political  implications. But our names will long be forgotten; the legacy of now  will exist.   The bottom line: If we ask men and women to be willing to give their  lives for this Nation and we talk about their service with tears in our  eyes, shouldn't we be willing to give up our jobs to uphold that  Constitution?   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms.  Herrera Beutler).   