 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be allowed to  talk as in morning business for up to 15 minutes.    Mr. President, President Biden has decided to withdraw all  forces from Afghanistan by September 11, 2021. I believe this decision  was one of the hardest President Biden will ever make.   As Washington Post columnist David Ignatius pointed out, ``Biden's  military and intelligence advisers had presented him with three  unpleasant alternatives: leave May 1 as previously agreed, even though  this would probably mean the fall of the Kabul government and a return  to civil war; stay for a limited period, perhaps negotiated with the  Taliban, which would delay its eventual takeover; or stay for an  undefined period, which could mean a long continuation of what is  already the United States longest war.''   In effect, there were no good choices. The President exercised his  best judgment to endorse a path that is most likely to protect the  national security interests of the United States.   I believe there were several factors over 20 years of conflict in  Afghanistan that shaped the President's decision. The most critical  miscalculation over the past 20 years was the Bush administration's  decision to invade Iraq.   We took our eye off the ball in Afghanistan at a crucial time and  instead pursued a war of choice in Iraq. The attacks by al-Qaida on  September 11 galvanized the world. The authorization for use of  military force passed the Senate 98 to nothing, while the French  newspaper Le Monde proclaimed, ``We are all Americans.'' Most notably,  for the first time, NATO invoked article 5 of its charter, which calls  upon its members to take action on behalf of any member nation which is  attacked. The world was with us.   But before we could really gain momentum in Afghanistan, the United  States diverted to an unnecessary war of choice in Iraq. As journalist  Steve Coll wrote in his definitive history of the war in Afghanistan,  months after 9/11, ``On November 21, 2001, then Central Commander Tommy Franks, who  was planning our operations against Tora Bora, took a call from Donald  Rumsfeld, who ordered him to start working on the plan for the invasion  of Iraq. Rumsfeld told him to have something ready within a week.''   As a consequence, General Franks' attention was being forced  elsewhere. As journalist Susan Glasser wrote in the Washington Post, in  the Battle of Tora Bora, ``corrupt warlords allowed bin Laden to  escape, while special forces pleaded with the Pentagon to let them get  in the fight.'' As we now know, Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaida  and the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, was not captured for another  decade. This decision wasted a period when the Taliban was routed and  the Afghan population was welcoming.   More recently, President Biden inherited a flawed agreement from the  Trump administration. Known as the Doha agreement, it required the  United States, its allies, and coalition partners to withdraw all  military forces by May 1, 2021. Nondiplomatic civilian personnel,  private security contractors, trainers, and advisers were also required  to leave. In effect, the entire international presence that has been  the foundation for almost two decades of the Afghanistan effort was to  disappear on May 1. In exchange, the Taliban agreed not to attack the  United States or its allies and promised not to allow ``other  individuals or groups, including al-Qaida, to use the soil of  Afghanistan to threaten the security of the United States and its  allies.''  [[Page S1963]]    The only really verifiable condition on the Taliban of the Trump  agreement was that the Taliban would not attack the United States or  its allies. The remaining conditions were unenforceable and very, very  difficult to certify. As General McKenzie, the commander of Central  Command, testified to the Armed Services Committee just a few weeks  after the agreement was concluded: ``We don't need to trust them; we  don't need to like them; we don't need to believe anything they say. We  need to observe what they do.''   What we have observed is alarming. While the Taliban may have adhered  to one aspect of the deal by not attacking U.S. forces, they have  violated the spirit of the agreement, as overall violence is on the  rise.   The Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction assessed that  enemy attacks against Afghan security forces and civilians increased by  50 percent in the third quarter of 2020. Former Acting Special  Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Laurel Miller described  ``an uptick in targeted assassinations [which] has sent shock waves  through urban areas.'' In mid-March, Secretary of Defense Austin noted  that, after meeting with Afghan President Ghani, ``It's obvious that  the level of violence remains pretty high in the country.''   Additionally, a United Nations report from last fall concluded that  the relationship between al-Qaida and the Taliban had not been  substantially changed by the February 2020 agreement between the  Taliban and the United States. The U.N. assessment noted, alarmingly,  that ``al-Qaida has been operating covertly in Afghanistan while still  maintaining close relations with the Taliban'' and that the group is,  in their words, ``quietly gaining strength in Afghanistan while  continuing to operate with the Taliban under their protection.''   Beyond the substance of the Trump agreement, the manner in which it  was concluded was also deeply flawed. To begin with, the Trump  administration concluded a deal with the Taliban, a fundamentalist  group using the name ``Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.'' Even though  the agreement states that the United States does not recognize such a  state, its very formulation is a propaganda boon for the Taliban.   As former Pakistani Ambassador to the United States Husain Haqqani  noted: ``Allowing the Taliban to refer to themselves as the Islamic  Emirate, even in parentheses, allows them to build the narrative that  they forced the U.S. to negotiate an exit from Afghanistan just as the  mujahideen had forced the Soviets out. If the administration is eager  to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan, it would have done better to  announce a no-deal exit than allowing the Taliban such a huge  propaganda victory.''   Additionally, the Trump agreement was completed exclusively between  the Trump administration and the Taliban. There was no involvement of  the Afghan Government, reversing the longstanding position of the  United States, which prioritized an ``Afghan-led, Afghan-owned  reconciliation process.'' Further, there was no visible involvement of  our NATO allies who went into Afghanistan after we were attacked on  September 11, 2001, when article 5 of the NATO charter was invoked for  the first time.   As the Afghan Study Group noted, the group led ably by General  Dunford and our previous colleague Senator Ayotte: ``Our NATO allies in  particular have been steadfast in their support and have shared the  sacrifice; over 1,000 coalition troops have been killed since 2001.''  The Trump administration negotiated their exit without their say,  without their involvement. There was no involvement either by regional  partners despite potentially significant consequences for security in  the region. As the Afghan Study Group further noted: ``An unstable  Afghanistan risks destabilizing the region through continued trade in  illicit drugs, the attraction of extremist ideologies and the possible  exacerbation of the rivalry between India and Pakistan, two nuclear- armed powers.''   Trump's go-it-alone, rush-to-the-exits mentality led to a deal where  the Taliban emerged as the key benefactor. The United States, its  allies, and partners won very little from the Trump deal.   Now, we are approaching 20 years of warfare in Afghanistan, spanning  over three different Presidential administrations or, perhaps more  accurately, 1 year of warfare repeated 20 times as we rotated troops in  and out of Afghanistan. In addition to the disastrous pivot to Iraq and  the flawed agreement with the Taliban, despite all our efforts over  multiple administrations, we have been unable to build an  effective fighting force that could defeat the Taliban and hold  territory. Afghan soldiers have fought bravely despite continuing  pressure and massive casualties, and several components have emerged as  particularly capable, such as the Afghan special security forces, but  after 20 years, this is not sufficient progress.    As the Afghan Study Group assessed: ``The ongoing lack of capacity  and inefficiency of the [Afghan National Defense and Security Forces  or] ANDSF limit its strategic options against the Taliban. As a result,  the ANDSF is generally on the defensive to provide security for much of  the population.'' We were never able to change the ``checkpoint  mentality'' of the Afghan forces. Their focus on static positions, as  much for appearance as for tactical advantage, still persists today,  making them extremely vulnerable to a more agile Taliban.   Moreover, two decades later, the Afghan forces still have no organic  logistical capabilities. An assessment by the Department of Defense  from last June noted: ``All components of the Afghan National Defense  and Security Forces will . . . continue to rely over the long term on  contracted logistic support and on the United States for the vast  majority of the funding needed to sustain combat operations.'' As I  recall the agreement that the Trump administration negotiated, it  requires the withdrawal of all contracted logistical support, and as  Napoleon once commented, ``An army moves on its stomach.'' Without a  logistical capability and without a tactically capable army, with few  exceptions, the ability of the Government of Afghanistan and the  military of Afghanistan to resist the Taliban is highly questionable.  We should be looking seriously at ourselves because, for 20 years of  efforts and billions of dollars, I would have hoped that we would have  seen a credible, decisive, effective Afghan force.   Another crucial factor contributing immensely to the Taliban's  success has been the inability of the United States to eliminate the  sanctuary the Taliban was granted in Pakistan. Center for Strategic and  International Studies terrorism expert Seth Jones wrote in 2018: ``The  Taliban['s] . . . sanctuary in Pakistan and state support from  organizations like [Inter-Services Intelligence or] ISI have been  essential to their war effort, and the U.S. failure to undermine this  safe haven may be Washington's most significant mistake [of the war].''  As the Afghan Study Group notes, these ``sanctuaries are essential to  the viability of the insurgency.''   Additionally, Pakistan's ISI aided and abetted the Taliban while  opportunistically cooperating with the United States. As Brookings  scholar Vanda Felbab-Brown assessed in 2018: ``Pakistan provided direct  military and intelligence aid . . . resulting in the deaths of U.S.  soldiers, Afghan security personnel, and civilians, plus significant  destabilization of Afghanistan.'' This support to the Taliban runs  counter to Pakistani cooperation with the United States, including, as  they have, allowing the use of airspace and other infrastructure for  which the United States provided significant funding. As the Afghan  Study Group noted: ``Pakistan has played both sides of the field.''   These dynamics further play out against a complex environment in  Pakistan, which has implications for the national security of the  United States, its allies, and partners. Pakistan is simultaneously  fragile and armed with nuclear weapons, making its vulnerability  particularly dangerous. To add to this toxic mix, Pakistan is in a  longstanding struggle with its neighbor, India, which is also armed  with nuclear weapons. As Seth Jones described: ``Pakistan and India  have long been involved in a balance-of-power struggle in South Asia.  Both lay claim to the Kashmir region, and have fought three wars over  Kashmir since 1947. Afghanistan is not the ultimate objective of either  country but rather an arena for competition in what has  [[Page S1964]]  long been called the `great game.''' While bogged down politically and  militarily in daily crises in Afghanistan and Iraq, the United States,  over multiple administrations, has been unable to focus the necessary  attention on Pakistan. Therefore, these problems have only gotten  worse.   Another factor shaping the President's decision is that the United  States and its coalition partners were never able to develop an Afghan  Government that could gain the confidence of the people, especially  beyond the cities, and provide basic services, including security,  education, healthcare, and justice. A study by the World Bank in late  2019 found that 55 percent of Afghans were living below the poverty  line, with even basic civilian services underfunded. The lack of the  government's ability to meet such needs erodes the people's support for  the government.   Afghanistan has also been undermined by profound corruption. The  Afghan Study Group assessed that corruption has ``delegitimized the  existing government and created grievances that are exploited by the  Taliban to gain support and, at times, legitimacy.'' Corruption is a  national security concern that further erodes the ability of the  government to build faith and trust.   Additionally, the leadership of the Afghan Government is seen as  being removed from the populace. This makes it harder to understand the  needs of the people and to govern effectively. A prime example of this  conundrum is the current President, Ashraf Ghani. Ghani was reelected  after a 5-month delay in the polling results and following a  longstanding dispute with his political rival. While Ghani is a serious  scholar and technocrat who literally wrote a book on fixing failed  states, he appears unable to fix his own state. As the New York Times  reported just last week, ``From most advantage points, Mr. Ghani--well  qualified for his job and deeply credentialed, with Johns Hopkins,  Berkeley, Columbia, the World Bank, and the United Nations in his  background--is thoroughly isolated. A serious author with a first class  intellect, he is dependent on the counsel of a handful, unwilling to  even watch television news, those who know him say, and losing allies  fast.''    But even if President Ghani was a strong leader, it would likely not  be enough. The instability of the central government, which has been  fueled by rival factions seeking power resulting in inconclusive  elections, has led to unwieldy power sharing arrangements. Beyond  challenges between those political officials and technocrats who want  to serve the government and may have competing visions, there is the  fundamental tension between those trying to achieve the complex task of  governing Afghanistan in Kabul and the Taliban, who have a single  focus: ejecting foreign forces. There also appears to be a lack of  willingness by the government to seriously negotiate with the Taliban  and make tough choices that could have obtained, perhaps, a lasting  peace deal.   The Afghan Government also remains unable to generate revenue to fund  its operations. Instead, it relies almost solely on foreign  contributions. This includes an average of $5 billion in security  assistance, along with $3.5 billion in civilian assistance from the  United States and the international donors each year. The World Bank  assessed in late 2019 that even if there was a peace agreement between  the Afghan Government and the Taliban, Afghanistan would still need as  much as $7 billion a year from foreign forces to sustain its most basic  spending.   With all of these complex dynamics at play, it underscores a further,  albeit profoundly unsatisfactory conclusion facing the President. The  alternative to withdrawal was not the status quo. More U.S. and NATO  forces would have been required for self defense and especially if  there was another attempt to ``surge'' forces to degrade the Taliban.  It appears that the President concluded that more troops might buy more  time and casualties, but more time would not create a government that  could defeat the Taliban and effectively govern Afghanistan. As the old  Afghan saying goes: ``You have all the watches; we have all the time.''   It is important to emphasize, though, that the President's decision  should be seen as a transition, not closure. We still have vital  security interests in the region. Afghanistan is not in the rearview  mirror. Pakistan is not in the rearview mirror. There is a high  probability that without NATO and U.S. support, the Afghan security  forces will degrade and collapse, which will ultimately cause the  Afghan Government to collapse. The Trump administration's agreement  with the Taliban included the departure of all security personnel,  logisticians, and contractors, which means that when the United States  leaves, the international presence that, again, is the foundation for  Afghan resistance is removed. The intelligence community's Annual  Threat Assessment for 2021 noted: ``The Afghan government will struggle  to hold the Taliban at bay if the coalition withdraws support.'' And  according to the New York Times, American intelligence agencies  assessed that if U.S. troops leave before a peace deal is reached  between the Afghan Government and the Taliban, Afghanistan ``could fall  largely under the control of the Taliban within two or three years  after the withdrawal of international forces.'' We have already seen  evidence of this trend even prior to the full withdrawal. The  International Crisis Group assessed that ``as U.S. force levels have  fallen, battlefield dynamics have steadily shifted in the insurgents'  favor.'' Dexter Filkins described: ``Since 2001, the main arena of  conflict in Afghanistan has been the countryside: the government held  the cities, while the Taliban fought to control the villages and the  towns, particularly in the south, their heartland. But by early this  year, the paradigm had begun to fall apart. The Taliban were entrenched  across the north; their shadow government had begun to creep into the  cities.''   Another possibility, either in the interim or a permanent fact, is  that the country could fracture with local warlords and the Taliban  controlling different territory. This would further intensify conflict,  increase instability, and create second order effects, such as the flow  of internationally displaced persons and refugees. The International  Crisis Group noted that the likelihood of fracture increases ``if U.S.  and other funding declines'' and that it has the possibility of pulling  Afghanistan's neighbors and other regional powers into backing proxies  in a multisided struggle. Again, the Afghan Study Group warned: ``Any  scenario in which the state collapses, as it did in 1992, will make it  considerably more difficult for the United States to ensure its  fundamental national security interests.''    If the Taliban reestablishes its emirate in Afghanistan, it would  likely result in erasing all the progress that has been made toward  building democracy and particularly the rights of women and girls. As  Seth Jones, again, wrote in a recent article published by the Combating  Terrorism Center at West Point, ``The Taliban is in many ways a  different organization from the one that governed Afghanistan in the  1990s. Yet most of their leaders are nevertheless committed to an  extreme interpretation of Islam that is not shared by many Afghans, an  autocratic political system that eschews democracy, and the persistence  of relations with terrorist groups like al-Qa`ida.''   If NATO and the United States depart, another consequence is  increasing pressure to limit or end international aid. Afghanistan  cannot fund itself and, even under the best case scenario, would  require $7 billion from international donors annually. It will be  extremely difficult to administer programs and provide aid on the  ground without oversight, and that, too, would very well lead to  smaller international donations. Furthermore, the entire budget of the  Afghan Ministry of Defense is paid for by international contributions.  If soldiers are not getting paid, it would have a profound impact on  national security.   Another likely consequence of withdrawal, which has been previously  discussed, is the creation of a vacuum that allows the resurgence of  terrorist groups, including al-Qaida and ISIS of the Khorasan Province.  As the Afghan Study Group also pointed out, these groups are ``for now  limited by the military presence of the United States and its allies,  which allows the threat to be monitored and, when necessary, disrupted,  while also enabling Afghan Security Forces to continue to put  [[Page S1965]]  pressure on these groups.'' However, the group warned: ``During its  deliberations, the Study Group was advised that a complete U.S.  withdrawal without a peace agreement would allow these groups to  gradually rebuild their capabilities in the Afghanistan Pakistan region  such that they might be able to attack the U.S. homeland within  eighteen to thirty six months.'' This timeline is short, alarming, and  has direct implications for our national security.   Also, an immediate concern as the United States begins to withdraw is  an increase in attacks from Afghan forces against the United States and  coalition forces, commonly referred to as ``green on blue attacks.''  Finally, we must anticipate a flood of refugees as Afghans flee the  chaos. In addition, we must do our part to aid those Afghans who have  aided us.   Given these facts and given the President's difficult decision to  leave Afghanistan, I believe we must take serious actions to mitigate  these threats. The withdrawal of U.S. forces should not mean an end to  our counterterrorism efforts. Most importantly, we must ensure that  Afghanistan will not be a source of planning, plotting, or projection  of terrorist attacks around the globe, including against our homeland.   Instead, we must transition to a new type of presence leaving the  country but staying in the region in a meaningful capacity. We must  build an anti terrorism infrastructure on the periphery of Afghanistan.  We must continue to direct the proper level of attention, intelligence,  and resources to evaluate the evolving terrorist threat in the region.  This also includes closer cooperation with our allies and partners.   We must continue to engage regional powers diplomatically, and the  Biden administration has already begun to reinvigorate that process. We  must use the power of our alliances and particularly those in the  region who would endure severe consequences and instability from  sharing a border with a failed Afghanistan. Working in cooperation, the  United States and its allies and regional partners must be a check on  potential instability.   President Biden is committed to ensuring that this is not a forever  war. But he has also made it clear he won't allow Afghanistan to become  a safe haven for terrorism. Our mission to protect the homeland  remains. Our duty to do so remains. As we go forward, this is a moment  of transition, not of closure; this is a moment to do all we can to  protect this country and hopefully ensure a safer region   I yield the floor.   