 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time of the gentleman.   Mr. Speaker, the mishandled evacuation from Afghanistan was a tragic  disaster. The fundamental misunderstanding of the situation on the  ground, a faulty plan for withdrawal, and poor strategic decisionmaking  in Washington put our troops in harm's way, leading to the abandonment  of American citizens and the deaths of 13 brave American  servicemembers, including critical injuries to two marines from the  First Congressional District of Wisconsin.   My amendments to the national defense bill are directed at getting  answers for our troops and the American people, and I ask my colleagues  for their support.   My first amendment would require the Treasury Department to report to  Congress on the current status of the U.S. and U.N. sanctions on the  Taliban. We must look at the current gaps in our sanctions and ensure  that the Taliban is not able to finance their takeover by profiting  from the drug trade and rare earth minerals.   My second amendment would require the Treasury Department to  regularly report to Congress on any sanctions waivers provided to allow  transactions between financial institutions and targeted individuals.   In addition, my amendment requires the Treasury Department to list  out foreign banks that conduct significant transactions for persons  that have been sanctioned for human rights abuses or corruption.   My third amendment will hold Iran accountable. Iran has been  emboldened. At a time when this administration is signaling that they  intend to remove sanctions with Iran, we must ensure U.S. sanctions are  enforced to prevent the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism from  obtaining a nuclear weapon.   Congress must understand the full nature of Iran's power and  undertake a full audit of how Iranian-backed groups in the Iraqi  Popular Mobilization Forces took advantage of U.S. assistance given to  the Iraqi Government in the anti-ISIS campaign.   Finally, I introduced an amendment with my colleague, Congresswoman  Dean. Our bill improves intelligence coordination to combat the illicit  financing of human trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.   