 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the devastating tax- and-spend policies we will shortly be debating here.   First, I want to differentiate between the bipartisan infrastructure  legislation we are currently debating and the separate, looming debate  on my Democratic colleagues' $3.5 trillion reckless tax-and-spend  proposals.   Senators on both sides of the aisle have long agreed to the need to  modernize and expand our hard infrastructure, including transportation  systems and broadband networks. We have done so in a bipartisan manner.  Infrastructure investments have traditionally been accomplished through  bipartisanship and regular order. Traditional hard infrastructure  investments include the funding of roads and bridges, transit, rail,  airports, drinking water, and wastewater infrastructure, ports and  inland waterways, water storage, and broadband infrastructure.   The bipartisan infrastructure bill we are considering today focuses  on those core elements and is built around several vetted, unanimously  consented committee-passed bills. It includes a number of priorities  important to Idaho, including billions of dollars for roads, highways,  and bridges; funding for high-speed internet and broadband  infrastructure deployment; millions in water infrastructure, including  for groundwater storage and conveyance; funding for resiliency against  natural disasters, like wildfires and droughts; a reauthorization of  the Secure Rural Schools program; and much more.   It does not raise taxes.   It reprioritizes the use of certain unused COVID relief funds from  previous spending bills away from bailouts and idle funds and toward  supply-side investments that will provide benefits to the American  people for many years.   Because this infrastructure spending focuses on long-term  productivity rather than near-term demand, it will not be inflationary.  In fact, it will counteract the inflationary pressures we are now  seeing as a result of the excessive spending in this Congress. This is  especially critical right now, as rising prices are impacting families  and small businesses across America.   In June, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that consumer prices  were up 5.4 percent over 1 year ago--the largest increase since August  2008. Consumer price inflation has been accelerating since the  beginning of the year, and American families pay the price. In the past  year, gas prices have increased 45.1 percent. The cost for major  appliances has increased 13.7 percent. Airfares have increased 24.6  percent, and the list goes on.   A recent University of Michigan survey showed that consumers expect  prices to rise 4.8 percent over the next 12 months, and a National  Federation of Independent Business survey found that 47 percent of  companies are increasing average selling prices, up 7 percentage points  from May and the highest share in four decades.   Economists on both sides of the aisle have warned that excessive,  nonproductive spending could put us in this position.   And despite these warnings, in March, the Democrats passed nearly $2  trillion in purported COVID relief spending on top of the nearly $4  trillion that had already been spent. A fraction of this $2 trillion  was actually pandemic-related.   That poorly targeted package has grown the national debt, spurred  inflation, and discouraged workers from returning to the workforce. Now  Democrats are proposing to spend an additional $3.5 trillion to balloon  the Federal Government even more, and that is just the advertised  price.   According to the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal  Budget, the Democrats' new legislation will actually cost closer to $5  to $5.5 trillion over the next 10 years. Democrats intend to couple  this runaway spending with job- and growth-killing tax hikes to create  and establish their reckless spree of tax-and-spend policies. They  intend to go it alone with this social spending spree through another  budget reconciliation process in a 50-50-tied Senate, which is  willfully partisan.   Yet, amazingly, despite having the tools to raise the debt limit  within this process, Democrats want to ignore the debt implications of  their reckless budget. If the Democrats are going to cram down this  massive tax-and-spending spree, they will have to deal with the debt  limit themselves. Yet they don't include dealing with their  irresponsible growth of our debt in their bill.   What about offset proposals?   The Democrats' budget proposals include provisions that will cause  immediate and long-term damage to our economy and send many of our most  successful businesses--and the jobs they provide--abroad.   One, they propose increasing taxes on all kinds of businesses, large  and small, leading to lower wages, fewer jobs, and higher prices for  consumers.   Two, they would allow and encourage rival countries to change the  international tax system for the worse.   Three, they want to raise our taxes on our businesses in hopes that  other countries may raise theirs sometime in the indefinite future,  while ceding U.S. taxing rights to our competitors today.   Four, they propose enacting a double death tax, particularly harmful  for family farms and small businesses.   Five, they want to substantially increase taxes on investors,  entrepreneurs, savers, and retirees.   Six, they want to drastically expand the powers of the IRS, while  limiting its accountability, and turn banks into private investigators  for monitoring law-abiding Americans.   Seven, their ideas will raise taxes on middle-class individuals and  families, and not just those earning over $400,000.   At the very same time, they want tax relief for some of the wealthy  living in the high tax-and-spend States.   And, finally, they are also seeking to impose government price  controls on the pharmaceutical industry that will stifle medical  innovation.   Let's go back into a little detail on this.   Business taxes. The Democrats plan to hike the tax rate paid by all  types of businesses, including corporations, ignoring the fact that a  significant portion of the tax burden is paid by workers. As the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce notes, most corporations are small businesses, with  84 percent of them having fewer than 20 employees. As to those who  actually bear the burden of a corporate tax increase, estimates say  [[Page S6075]]  that workers share anywhere from 20 to more than 70 percent of this  burden.   A higher corporate tax rate would hit the nest eggs of everyone  saving for retirement. This stealthy but very real tax hike would hit  retirement savers across the spectrum, falling most heavily on the  middle class and the elderly through retirement accounts and pensions,  and clearly violating President Biden's pledge not to tax anyone making  less than 400,000.   Any business tax increase will directly hit the very small businesses  and workers that the administration claims it wants to help.   International taxes. The Democrats' tax plan would reverse the smart  policies of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act adopted in 2017, once again  raising the relative cost of doing business in America and punishing  American businesses selling their products or services overseas. They  fail to acknowledge that the tax increases in their plan will rocket  the United States back into the outlier position it once occupied  compared to peer nations. Once again, we will have the highest tax  rates of the developed world. We are very near the top. The Democrats  are intent on winning a race to get to the top of the heap in terms of  international corporate tax rates.   Their international tax proposal would more than double the minimum  rate paid by U.S. businesses on their foreign earnings to 26.25  percent. This hike far outstrips the 15 percent minimum rate promised  by some of our largest international competitors at the OECD. If the  administration wants to promote economic growth that will benefit  American workers and savers, why is it sharply increasing taxes on its  global businesses when no other country even levies such taxes?   The administration's international tax proposals seem designed to  reignite the job-crushing inversions and foreign acquisitions of  American companies that the Obama administration faced. There is no  reason to tax our businesses into moving abroad, as the Democrats'  proposals will do.   Family farms and small businesses. Today, family businesses passed  down at death are subject only to estate tax and not an additional  income tax. Instead, a business's tax basis is increased or stepped up  to fair market value, sparing the next generation a large capital gains  tax bill. President Biden wants to create a double death tax by  eliminating the benefits of this step-up in basis, including for small  businesses, farms, and ranches passed down from one generation to the  next at death.   More insidiously, the Biden plan would tax these businesses on simple  inflation, sticking them with a bill for reckless, inflationary tax- and-spend policies enacted by politicians in Washington.   Capital gains tax. For decades, the Republicans and Democrats have  recognized the importance of encouraging people to save for their  future goals, including starting a business, saving for retirement,  achieving financial independence, or even buying a home or a car.   Members of both parties have long agreed on a key tool to encourage  these goals for all Americans, specifically, a lower tax rate on long- term capital gains.   President Biden wants to nearly double this tax rate from 23.8  percent to 43.4 percent, which will be the highest rate--and hear me on  this: the highest rate--in a century. In many cases, when combined with  similar State taxes, the government would take more than half of an  asset's appreciation in taxes. This is the appreciation that lower  income, middle-income, and all income categories of workers and earners  in the United States will have to pay. This supersized tax hike would  be a powerful disincentive to small businesses, savers and retirees,  and entrepreneurs and innovators who power our economy, and harm all  Americans, regardless of their financial circumstances or goals.   IRS funding and bank monitoring. The Biden administration has  proposed nearly $80 billion in additional IRS funding, of which $72.5  billion would be accountability-hindering mandatory spending. Nearly  doubling the IRS' budget without increasing its accountability opens  the door to repeating and supercharging the Agency's past abuses of  power.   Further, the administration's proposal would press financial  institutions--private-sector financial institutions--into reporting the  deposit and withdrawal flows on their customer's accounts of greater  than $600 in value.   Now, think about that. This isn't big corporations. It is not even  just corporations. It is small businesses and individuals that have a  financial account that has more than $600 in it. And what we are going  to see is a dragnet pulling law-abiding Americans into this, exposing  sensitive data to future breaches, burdening financial institutions,  and encouraging the growth of shadow banking--what a huge violation of  the privacy of all Americans. As if this proposal could not be worse,  the data provided to the IRS would have almost no value in fighting tax  evasion.   The era of big data should not be viewed as an opportunity for Big  Brother.   The SALT deduction cap. While my colleagues are proposing reckless,  across-the-board tax increases on businesses and families, they are  simultaneously proposing to expand a tax deduction for the wealthiest-- those living in high-tax States. Democrats are fighting to reverse the  cap on State and local taxes, or what is called the SALT tax--these  deductions--stoking a tax break for the very wealthy.    Democratic silence on who benefits from their proposal is telling.  Per a 2020 Brookings Institute study, 96 percent of its benefits would  go to the top quintile of earners, 57 percent would go to the top 1  percent of earners, and 25 percent to the top one-tenth of 1 percent of  earners--a huge tax break for the wealthy.   And, finally, price controls on pharmaceutical manufacturers. Thanks  to the genius of science, private-sector innovation, and the success of  Operation Warp Speed, America is ready for its comeback. Unfortunately,  my Democrat colleagues are proposing sweeping governmental price  controls on the very innovators who have enabled our return to  normalcy. Under the guise of negotiation, the government would be  empowered to set a maximum fair price for drugs and apply bureaucratic  standards that determine the value that cures and therapies bring to  American lives.   As the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has confirmed, this  type of scheme will lead to fewer new medications, threatening access  to lifesaving healthcare options for our most vulnerable citizens. One  of these forgone therapies could treat pancreatic cancer; another could  cure ALS. While every patient should be able to afford lifesaving  medications, their proposal has the potential to eliminate the  existence of these very inventions and innovations.   Congress should come together in a bipartisan way to make all  healthcare services, including prescription drugs, more affordable and  accessible, and I have introduced legislation to do just that. We do  need to reduce the cost of prescription drugs, but using the savings  from this misguided government price control scheme to pay for  unrelated partisan priorities is not the answer to the high cost of  healthcare.   Before the pandemic, a combination of reduced regulatory burden and  pro-growth policies, including the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, helped  to create one of the strongest economies of our lifetime, with all-time  high median household income, a 50-year low unemployment rate, and real  wage gains month after month, especially and most for the low-income  workers. Inflation-adjusted weekly median earnings grew 4.9 percent for  the 2 years between 2018 and 2019--the fastest 2-year growth rate in  real earnings since 1998 and 1999.   Polling showed Americans' general satisfaction at the highest level  in 15 years.   We would do the American people a disservice if we mortgaged their  future while undermining the foundations of their past successes, and,  sadly, this is the approach that many of my colleagues are seeking to  take as we move into the next step of this debate.   We should, instead, be building on time-proven, pro-growth policies,  not reversing them to fund a reckless spending spree.   