 Madam Speaker, sadly the rule under  consideration precludes a vote on the Cole amendment to preserve the  Hyde amendment and Weldon conscience protection law as well as other  pro-life amendments, including one that I first successfully offered  back in 1983 prohibiting abortion funding in the Federal Employees  Health Benefits program. All of our amendments were ruled out of order.  That is tragic; we are not even going to get to vote on these  lifesaving measures.   Madam Speaker, the Hyde amendment has saved more than 2.4 million  lives, about 60,000 per year since first enacted. If retained in law,  more innocent lives will be protected.   It is time, I believe, for more of us to face the harsh reality of  what abortion actually does to children. No one in the media ever  bothers to expose the violent methods of abortion that include  dismemberment of a child's fragile body, including decapitation; that  drugs like RU-486 starve the baby to death; or that unborn babies  killed by abortion at 20 weeks or later experience excruciating  physical pain, and until rendered unconscious or dead by  [[Page H3927]]  these hideous procedures, the baby feels the pain of every single cut.   Madam Speaker, abortion is not healthcare unless one construes the  precious life of an unborn child to be analogous to a tumor to be  excised or a disease to be vanquished.   Mr. Biden once wrote to constituents explaining his support for laws  against funding for abortion by saying, ``It would protect both the  woman and her unborn child.'' He went on to say that ``those of us who  are opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.''   Over the years, the polls have consistently shown that Americans do  not support taxpayer funding of abortion. The January 2021 Marist poll  found that 58 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion  as opposed to 38 percent who support it. The Marist poll also found a  supermajority of 65 percent Independents oppose taxpayer funding of  abortion.   Madam Speaker, unborn babies need the President of the United States  of America and Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to be  their friends and advocates, not powerful adversaries.    Madam Speaker, the bill under consideration  removes several longstanding pro-life protections and advances  provisions that would force U.S. taxpayers to pay for abortion-on- demand.   It removes the Hyde Amendment which protects federal taxpayers from  being forced to fund elective abortions--an agreement that has received  bipartisan support since 1976. It also removes the Weldon Amendment  which prevents discrimination against health care providers who do not  want to participate in abortion.   Similarly, the rule under consideration precludes even a vote on the  Cole amendment,  [[Page H4055]]  which would restore the Hyde Amendment and the Weldon Amendment.   The rule also denies a vote to my amendment, which would restore a  law I authored in 1983--38 years ago--prohibiting funding of abortion  under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. Like the Hyde  Amendment, that law must be renewed every year.   A total of 14 pro-life amendments were ruled out of order by the  Democratic majority.   All is not lost, however. I remain hopeful--confident--that the  Senate will reinstate all current pro-life protections, like the Hyde  Amendment.   Taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize abortion nor should  anyone or any entity be coerced against their conscience to perform or  facilitate the killing of an unborn child.   The Hyde Amendment has saved more than 2.4 million lives--about  60,000 per year since it was first enacted.   If retained in law, more innocent lives will be protected.   It is time, I believe, for more of us to face the harsh reality of  what abortion actually does to children and look beyond the sound bites  and slogans.   No one in the media ever bothers to expose the violent methods of  abortion that include dismemberment of a child's fragile body,  including decapitation, and that one of the drugs in RU-486 starves the  baby to death.   Or that unborn babies killed by abortion at 20 weeks or later  experience excruciating suffering and physical pain. And until rendered  unconscious or dead by these hideous procedures, the child feels the  pain of every cut according to medical experts in life-enhancing  prenatal surgery.   Abortion is not health care unless one construes the precious life of  an unborn child to be analogous to a tumor to be excised or a disease  to be vanqulshed--pregnancy is not a disease.   Mr. Biden once wrote constituents, explaining his support for laws  against funding for abortion, by saying ``it would protect both the  woman and her unborn child.''   Mr. Biden went on to say ``those of us who are opposed to abortion  should not be compelled to pay for them.'' I agree. Most Americans  agree.   Over the years, the polls have consistently shown that Americans do  not support taxpayer funded abortion.   The January 2021 Marist poll found that by a margin of 58 percent to  38 percent Americans oppose taxpayer funded abortion.   The Marist poll found that a supermajority of 65 percent of  Independents oppose taxpayer funding of abortion.   Unborn babies need the President of the United States and Members of  Congress to be their friend and advocate, not powerful adversaries.    Madam Speaker, I have three amendments that  I am asking our colleagues to support. They are bipartisan amendments.  [[Page H4064]]    The first is a redirection of $3 million to the Centers for Disease  Control for Lyme disease. I would point out to my colleagues that I  have been working on Lyme disease issues since 1992, and we tried very  hard for years to get a federal working group up and running. And in  2016, we did it.   The Health and Human Services Tick-Borne Disease Working Group found  that there are about 300,000 new cases of Lyme every year. The higher  estimate or guesstimate is 476,000 cases each year. It is exploding all  over this country, particularly in the northeast where the chair,  obviously, comes from, as do I. It is highly endemic in New Jersey.  This additional money brings the total to $24 million for CDC to work  on issues related to Lyme.   Amendment 51, the second amendment, has do with LymeX. It provides $5  million, through give and take, and underscores that we really believe  the LymeX Innovation Accelerator will help find new diagnostics,  research, and treatments.   What the working group found and then what an NIH document produced  by Secretary Azar, and others, found, was that we really don't have a  diagnostic that works. We don't have a Lyme testing capability that is  reliable and affordable.   And, finally, years ago I founded, along with my good friend and  colleague,  Mike Doyle, the Autism Caucus. We have been leading it for  over 20 years. We have done a number of bills, including the Autism  CARES Act, that have become law. Amendment 52 would provide $10 million  to help the CDC's developmental disabilities account to expand the  Autism Developmental Disability Monitoring Network, or ADDM, and at  least nine new sites could be established.    Madam Speaker, the ADDM network has been  incredible in tracking children and young people to help us understand  the prevalence. You can't combat something if there is no solid data.  This ADDM network has been a tremendous asset. This amendment would  expand it. So I thank my friend for yielding and I thank the committee  chair for her support. I thank the Rules Committee for having made the  amendments in order. It will make a difference.   