 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Capito, Barrasso, Lee, Kaine, and myself be allowed to finish our  remarks before the previously scheduled rollcall votes.    Madam President, I am pleased to be here and follow my  good friend, the Senator from the great State of Alaska, a State that  produces an incredible amount of energy, as does my State of North  Dakota.   And, of course, we are here to talk about how this administration's  policies are harming America's energy producers and leading to  skyrocketing energy prices.   Americans are paying more for energy, whether it is at the gas pump  or their monthly utility bills. This week, the average price of a  gallon of gasoline in my home State of North Dakota is $3.19. That is  up from $2.27 in January. That is an increase of almost a dollar--about  a 50-percent increase. Every consumer pays that when they pull up to  the pump. Of course, that hits low-income people disproportionately.   North Dakotans are also facing higher home heating costs for this  winter with the price of natural gas having almost tripled. Same thing:  think about hard-working men and women who now are paying that higher  utility bill as a result of these policies. Higher energy prices drive  up the costs of everything we consume, and lower-income Americans, as I  say, are disproportionately impacted when a larger share of their  paycheck must go towards covering higher energy costs.   Last week, the President blamed OPEC for higher gas prices.   Why is our country a global energy powerhouse in this situation?   Just a decade ago, North Dakotans helped crack the code on domestic  energy production in the Bakken, helping the United States become the  world's largest oil and gas producer. We unleashed the potential of our  abundant energy reserves and, as a result, our country became a net  exporter of energy in 2019.   Americans benefited from our energy independence through record low  energy prices, as well as strengthen economic and national security.  Energy security is national security, yet, since January, President  Biden has been saying ``no'' to America's energy producers.   The President is blocking new energy leases on Federal lands,  stifling the opportunity to harness our abundant taxpayer-owned energy  reserves. The President also killed the Keystone XL Pipeline and is  actively discouraging needed private-sector investment in new oil, gas,  and coal production.   Yet this administration allowed completion of Russia's Nord Stream 2  Pipeline, which, of course, moves gas from Putin's Russia into Germany  and Europe. And instead of supporting our own domestic energy  workforce, the Biden administration is asking Russia, Saudi Arabia, and  the OPEC nations to pump more oil.   Why on Earth are we asking foreign countries with less stringent  environmental practices to produce more energy when our own domestic  producers are ready and willing to answer the call?   Despite this administration's failed policy and corresponding higher  energy costs, the President and Democrats are doubling down on their  Green New Deal agenda.   The Democrats' reckless tax-and-spend bill will only worsen today's  high energy prices by making American energy production more expensive  and less reliable.   The President's policies will not only increase the pain at the pump,  they are threatening the ability to keep the lights on. These climate  policies will accelerate the grid's reliance on intermittent renewable  sources of power at the expense of always-available baseload generation  from sources like coal and nuclear power.   We need to maintain our baseload sources of electric generation that  are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, regardless of weather  conditions, to keep the lights on and homes warm as we enter the winter  months.   And rather than turning to OPEC with less stable places in the  world--our adversaries, in fact, like Russia, an adversary--we should  be empowering our American energy workers to develop our abundant  energy reserves here at home using the latest and greatest technologies  to do it with better environmental surge. More supply of energy means  lower costs for consumers. It is as simple as that.    The President needs to work with us to support our domestic energy  producers and their work to provide low-cost, dependable energy to our  homes and businesses.   I yield the floor.   