 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Montana  who just talked about the impact of this tax-and-spend bill on his  constituents in Montana. I will say the same is true in 49 other  States, including my State of Ohio.   This is, we are told, the biggest tax increase on America in over 50  years. So this is a big deal. In terms of the spending we have been  hearing today, it is the largest spending package ever. In inflation- adjusted terms, it is probably the largest social spending package  since the New Deal. That is what we are talking about here. This would  fundamentally change our country in so many ways.   It is good that Mike Crapo, who is the top Republican on the Finance  Committee, asked us to come on the floor today just to kind of talk  about it because our constituents need to know what is going on. They  need to understand what the impact would be on them, their lives, their  futures.   There are new taxes being proposed in this on pretty much  everything--small businesses. That was just talked about. Most  businesses in Ohio and around the country are not what they call C  corporations. They are passthroughs, like subchapter S--sole  proprietors, partnerships. That is about 80 percent, 90 percent of the  businesses. It is the smaller businesses. They get hit.   There are actually taxes on marriage because of the marriage penalty.   There are taxes on death because of the increase in the estate and  gift tax. There are taxes on capital gains, which that is the part of  our Code where you try to give people a little lower rate on longer  term investment, try to encourage risk-taking and investments so that  you can grow the economy, create jobs.   There are also a bunch of other taxes in here.   But the one that I want to talk about today is the tax on  corporations because it gets less attention. People think: Gosh, they  are big corporations. They can handle more tax increases. Some of them  aren't paying taxes.   Well, they use the Tax Code sometimes that we set up here to avoid  paying the full amount of taxes, but they pay plenty of taxes. When you  increase the taxes, everyone says the same thing--whether it is the  Congressional Budget Office, which is the nonpartisan group up here in  the U.S. Senate, or whether it is the Joint Committee on Taxation,  which is a nonpartisan group up here in the U.S. Senate or House, or  outside groups looking at it--you increase those taxes on these  companies, who pays it? Workers, primarily, and, second, consumers.   We just talked about inflation. Think about it. All this new stimulus  spending--because that is what it is--will add to inflation. But so  will these higher taxes because part of what happens is, if you have a  higher tax on you, and you are trying to sell something, you have the  same costs--maybe even higher costs coming in--you are going to charge  more. Therefore, when you go to the store to buy something, there is  going to be more inflation.   All of this encourages more, not less, inflation at a time when  inflation is already unacceptably high. I think everybody agrees with  that.   When the Democrats did the $1.9 trillion package back in March--$1.9  trillion, that used to be a lot of money--we just sort of say ``$1.9  trillion.'' But when they did that, everybody said: Oh my gosh, that is  too much stimulus spending. It is going to cause inflation. The  promoters of that said: No, it won't. It won't do that because the  economy is so weak. It will be good for the economy.   Well, it overheated the economy. And Larry Summers at the time, who  was the former Secretary of the Treasury in a Democratic administration  and economist on the other side of the aisle--he warned about it as did  others. He said: Look, this is going to fuel inflation.   Boy, has it.   So, yes, people are getting some wage gains right now, higher pay. I  like that a lot. I think it is great. Before 2019--before COVID hit-- thanks to the tax reforms of 2017, primarily, in my view, wages were  going up. February of 2020 was the 19th straight month of wage gains  over 3 percent annually. My gosh, that was great--mostly lower and  middle-income earners, by the way.   Some of that is happening now, but it is all being eaten up. If you  have a 5-percent pay wage raise this year, you probably got nothing  because you are going to have about 5 percent inflation. Your dollar is  not going as far. So these are all issues that we have got to make sure  the American people understand.    In terms of the corporations and what the problem is there, remember  that before the tax reform in 2017, we had a lot of companies that were  leaving our shores--literally. They were saying: Do you know what? Our  Tax Code is so bad in America that we are going to invert--that is the  name the economists gave it--literally move their headquarters overseas  to escape our uncompetitive Tax Code.   I hated that, and I hope all Americans did. I hope all Members of the  Senate did. I think they did. They said: Why would we want to encourage  companies to go overseas? That way, their investments and their jobs  are tending to go overseas as well.   But it wasn't just that. We had a lot of companies in the United  States being bought by foreign companies. If you think about it, that  made all the sense in the world. The foreign governments had a much  better Tax Code for them, so they could buy a U.S. company and make  more money on it than a U.S. company could under our Tax Code. Again,  it is not what we wanted.   We had a situation where the companies were going overseas in every  sector of our economy. I am a beer drinker, so I was particularly  concerned about the beer companies, and every single one of them went  foreign. They were big. The largest U.S. beer company was Sam Adams,  which had about a 1.4-percent market share. The rest of them all went  overseas. So that is what was happening.   There is some new data out showing that since the 2017 tax reforms  were put in place, there was a 50-percent increase in American  companies buying foreign companies and a 25-percent decrease in foreign  companies buying our companies. That was good. That was good. But now  we are talking about going right back to the bad old days.   One significant factor in companies going overseas and U.S. companies  getting bought out by foreigners was our high tax rate of 35 percent-- the highest in the developed world. Everyone heard about that. But,  also, there was a lack of enticements to keep valuable intellectual  property here in the United States; whereas, other countries provided  that. Also, unlike other countries, we were in what was called a  worldwide tax system, where we were requiring U.S. companies to pay  taxes on their foreign earnings at the high U.S. rate, the 35-percent  rate. Almost all of our competitors don't do that. They use the so- called territorial system, where you only tax in the foreign  jurisdiction where you did the business. You are not taxed twice. That  is  [[Page S6573]]  one reason we were losing, so we changed that.   The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act took bold steps to reassert our  competitiveness as a country. We lowered the corporate tax rate to 21  percent. We went to a territorial-type system--not entirely  territorial, as we still had a minimum tax, but we created an incentive  to stay here. We created jobs and investments here. We lowered the  corporate rate, but we also had other incentives to create more  intellectual property here in America.   As a result, by the way, the corporate inversions stopped. They  stopped. Instead of losing companies overseas, again, we started to buy  more companies overseas and bring that investment to America.   The foreign-derived intangible income provision, which provided a  reduced tax rate for U.S.-based businesses on high-return foreign  market income served by U.S. operations, resulted in companies like  Cisco, Qualcomm, Synopsys, Google, Facebook, and others bringing back  intellectual property that was overseas. So it actually worked in the  way we had hoped it would. It brought IP back here. That means jobs.  That means research. Others retained their intellectual property here  in the United States, like Intel and Disney and General Mills and  others, because of these tax laws, because they were coming to us and  saying: Why are we here in America, doing this? We should do it  overseas based on what Congress has provided as a tax environment for  us.   The largest U.S. companies during that time period increased their  domestic research and development spending by 25 percent, to $707  billion. They increased their capital expenditures by 20 percent, to  $1.4 trillion. That is all good. Again, workers saw real benefits: a  50-year low in unemployment; strong wage growth, particularly for low-  and middle-income workers; the lowest poverty rate in the history of  the country. We started to keep track of it back in the fifties. This  follows an earlier study by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office, or CBO, that found that 70 percent of the tax cuts ended up  going into workers' wages and benefits. So workers and businesses both  benefited in this opportunity economy. It was driving a lot of  promising growth in the United States.   The Democrats' tax plan would systematically dismantle so many of  these pro-growth tax cuts and reforms that Congress put in place in  2017. Under this new proposal, the corporate rate would be raised from  21 percent to about 28 percent. When combined with the average State  and local corporate taxes in America, U.S. businesses will be on the  hook for an average tax rate of about 32 percent--once again giving us  the highest rate of taxation in the developed world.   The Democrats would also increase the global intangible low-taxed  income rate, called GILTI, and the base erosion and anti-abuse tax  rate, called the BEAT, which would punish U.S. companies that work to  serve foreign markets. We should like that. We want U.S. companies to  create jobs here to support their international sales. The proposal  would modify this GILTI calculation to a country-by-country basis,  making it even more difficult to compute and track U.S. tax liabilities  for companies operating overseas--again, a disincentive that  discourages investment in new and emerging markets. Why would we want  to do that?   Through these policies, Democrats would be creating a tax environment  hostile to businesses and harmful to workers. According to the  International Tax Competitiveness Index, the Democrats' plan would  cause the United States to drop steeply down the rankings from 21st to  28th in the world among developed countries. It is the same ranking we  had, by the way, before the 2017 tax reforms.   Many businesses will make what is unfortunately a completely rational  decision to move their headquarters again. We will see inversions  again, taking with them thousands of good-paying jobs and billions of  dollars in assets. Others that choose to stay here will nonetheless  become prime targets for acquisition, as they were before, by  businesses in other countries, like China, that would have a lower tax  rate than we.   But who ultimately bears the brunt of these Democratic tax hikes on  businesses? Again, it is the workers. Just as the Congressional Budget  Office found that 70 percent of the corporate tax cuts go into workers'  wages and benefits, the Tax Foundation found that 70 percent of tax  increases are borne by workers. It is no surprise, then, that the  nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, right here in this Congress,  found that two-thirds of the Democrats' corporate tax hike would fall  on lower and middle-income taxpayers. Let me repeat that. The JCT, a  nonpartisan committee here in Congress, found that two-thirds of the  Democrats' corporate tax hikes would fall on lower and middle-income  tax taxpayers.    By the way, that is about 100 million taxpayers who make less than  $400,000 a year. So much for the pledge that no one under $400,000 in  income would possibly be affected.   So I look at these facts, and I just can't understand why we would  want to move to this kind of a tax plan. Why would the American people  support tax hikes that are going to be bad for workers and bad for our  competitiveness as a country? Why are we punishing workers? They are  the ones who get the short end of the stick here.   Let's focus on what works--on encouraging investment and growth here  in the United States of America. That helps workers. Let's not go down  a path that will once again send U.S. jobs and U.S. investment  overseas.   I yield the floor.   