 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Ruiz for  organizing this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Marine Corporal  William Garza, Jr.   William joined the Marines in the summer before 9/11. His first  deployment was to Iraq in 2003, where he participated in the fall of  Baghdad. It was there, during war, where he was exposed to burn pits.   When I met William, he told me that he and his fellow marines would  sleep and work around burn pits 24/7. These burn pits were as big as  football fields, burning tires, human waste, metals, and electronics.  William, like many servicemembers, didn't know the dangers of burn pit  exposure.   After serving his country with honor, he returned home to Texas, and  he soon met the love of his life, Melanie, and they would marry, buy a  home, and start living their American Dream.   Soon after his marriage, William developed a sore on his tongue, but  he struggled to get an appointment with the VA. When he did, it  confirmed his worst fear: cancer.   He would receive treatment at Brooke Army Medical Center, where the  doctors would perform a miracle throat cancer treatment. William beat  cancer.   Then, a few years later, he received terrible news during a VA  checkup. He had two tumors in his lungs, and he would need immediate  treatment.   But then, making matters worse, he received a letter from the VA  denying his service-connected disability claim. This time around the  chemo and immunotherapy would not be as successful, and his cancer  spread. On March 4, 2019, in San Antonio, Texas, William died, and our  Nation lost a hero.   His mother, Rose, who I had the pleasure of speaking with, calls him  ``William, my Hero.''   Marine Corporal William Garza, Jr., deserved better.   I hope William's story creates an urgency in Congress to address this  generation's Agent Orange.   Burn pits have destroyed servicemembers' lives and American families.  Let's not let another veteran receive a denial of benefits letter.  Let's work together to honor our Nation's sacred obligation to our men  and women in uniform.   