 DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong  support of the recognition of Juneteenth as a national holiday to  celebrate the ending of the most horrific period and the most horrific  policy and practices this Nation has ever known: slavery.   I heard one of my colleagues suggest a moment ago that perhaps the  cost of Juneteenth is not known. I guarantee you, Madam Speaker, that  whatever the cost, it will not come close to the cost of slavery.   Juneteenth is the recognition that darkness can come to light and  that there is a celebration as my forefathers and -mothers struggled to  endure the horror they experienced. So, celebrating Juneteenth as a  national holiday is simply an idea whose time has come.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to vote for the resolution.    DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, Rev. Ronald V. `Doc'  Myers, Sr., M.D. (February 29, 1956--September 7, 2018), was the first  ordained and commissioned medical missionary to America's poorest  region, the Mississippi Delta, by the Wisconsin Baptist Pastors  Conference and Pilgrim Rest Missionary Baptist Church, in Milwaukee, in  1990.   Rev. Myers was the founder of numerous medical and cultural  organizations and a committed physician serving the poorest Americans  through clinics in Tchula, Belzoni, Yazoo City, Indianola, Greenville  and Tupelo, Mississippi. `Doc' was also a jazz musician, composer and  human rights activist. The New York Times stated, ``There aren't many  doctors like Ronald Myers, a jazz-playing, Baptist-preaching, family  practitioner whose dream has always been to practice medicine in the  kind of place most other doctors wouldn't even stop for a tank of  gas.''   In 1994 a group of community leaders from across the country gathered  at Christian Unity Baptist Church in New Orleans, to work for greater  national recognition of Juneteenth, a holiday celebrating the end of  slavery. Myers was elected Chairman of this advocacy effort which lead  to the establishment of the National Juneteenth Observance Foundation  and his recognition as the leader of the ``Modern Juneteenth Movement''  in America. Doc was instrumental in the passage of 45 of the 49 state  and District of Columbia's pieces of legislation naming Juneteenth as a  Day of Observance in this country.   Working with the Black Congressional Caucus which included Illinois  Senator Barack Obama and Representative Danny Davis, he sought  legislation to recognize Juneteenth Independence, hosting the annual  Juneteenth Prayer Breakfasts. He established the Washington Juneteenth  National Holiday Observance and the National Day of Reconciliation &  Healing From the Legacy of Enslavement, which includes the National  Juneteenth Black Holocaust ``Maafa'' Memorial Service.   Dr. Myers organized the National Association of Juneteenth Jazz  Presenters, and the Fellowship of Creative Christian Jazz Musicians.  Under his leadership, the Washington Juneteenth Congressional Event was  held by the National Juneteenth Observance Foundation, Juneteenth  America, Inc. & the National Association of Juneteenth Jazz Presenters.   An accomplished jazz pianist, trumpeter and composer, Myers performed  across the country promoting ``June Is Black Music Month!''-- Celebrating Juneteenth Jazz--``Preserving Our African American Jazz  Legacy!''   For over 20 years, Doc met with state politicians, local Juneteenth  organizations and community leaders   Charles Taylor, author of Juneteenth said, ``Doc would give a copy of  my Juneteenth book to every governor who made Juneteenth a holiday or  observance. He even gave Sarah Palin a copy when she was the governor  of Alaska after her state recognized Juneteenth.''   At an award ceremony of the Beverly Hills Temple of the Arts at the  Saban Theatre, founder Rabbi David Baron said, ``Reverend Dr. Ronald V.  Myers is an outstanding living model of all the values for which Martin  Luther King stood.''   