 Madam Speaker, at the heart of Democrats' border  security policies is the assumption that America can assume an  unlimited number of illegal immigrants without considering its impact  on jobs, communities, security, and, in today's world, health.   This assumption defies all historical evidence. More importantly, it  defies the evidence right before our very eyes.   Madam Speaker, in the last month alone, Border Patrol apprehended the  largest surge of migrants in 20 years, 172,000 individuals in one  single month. By September, we are on track to encounter 2 million  illegal immigrants. Now, that is about twice the size of the population  of Delaware, President Biden's home State.  [[Page H2008]]    The surge was directly caused by the actions of the Biden  administration. On day one, President Biden issued five executive  orders that reversed the commonsense immigration policies that were  working.   Then his administration sent mixed signals to migrants that now is  not the time to come, but promising not to deport children and many  families.   Now, as Monday's order demonstrates, the White House is more  concerned with policing Border Patrol's language than it is protecting  our border.   I am very glad that President Biden finally admitted that there is a  crisis at the border, but what we really need is for him to admit that  his policies and rhetoric caused the crisis to begin with.   The results of this crisis are as predictable as they are disastrous,  for both migrants and American citizens. Just this past weekend, the  Biden administration was forced to shut down a Houston migrant center  for children because of unbearable conditions. Hundreds of  unaccompanied minors had to be shuttled somewhere else.   I know everybody in this body understands that that is heartbreaking.  It is also a public health risk. That is because the Biden  administration is releasing migrants into American cities without  negative COVID tests, without court dates, and without a way to track  where they will go. Already, that number is up to 15,000.   Now, Madam Speaker, that doesn't come from me. I saw it on the news  today from a Democratic colleague who put this number out and said it  was disastrous.   But the border crisis isn't just a humanitarian and public health  crisis. It is also a national security crisis. Last month, I shared  some alarming news. When I was down on the border, I was speaking to  the Border Patrol agents, and they informed me that individuals on the  terrorist watch list were caught trying to enter our country.   Madam Speaker, I know how much you care about protecting this country  from terrorism. I thought everybody on your side of the aisle would  care just as much. Unfortunately, Congressman Gallego accused me of  lying. Congresswoman Escobar said I was trying to fuel division, Madam  Speaker.   But the Customs and Border Protection agency confirmed that four  suspected terrorists had been caught. Since then, more suspected  terrorists have been caught at different times and different places,  from Yemen, but not on the same day; two different individuals.   Now, I am sure, maybe because of the challenges with COVID and the  distance we must keep, that I have not received the apology of being  accused of being a liar on a national security issue, but I assume that  will come shortly.    The security problem also includes a flow of drugs. When I was on  that same border in El Paso, talking to some of those same agents, they  told me they have never seen the amount of fentanyl that has come  across the border in the last month. Americans are dying because the  cartels are exploiting the Biden border crisis to make a profit.  Fentanyl overdoses are surging across the country.   Now, in my home State, Madam Speaker, the Speaker's hometown of San  Francisco saw more fentanyl-related deaths last year than COVID-related  deaths, according to The Wall Street Journal.   Madam Speaker, it is hard to imagine anything more shortsighted than  doubling down on Biden's failed border policies. But, incredibly, as I  sit on this floor, the House Democrats want to respond to this  humanitarian, public health, and national security crisis by passing  recycled legislation from the last Congress.   I know, Madam Speaker, the Speaker doesn't want us to work in  committees and wants to do it from afar, but I still think we could  have new ideas to a bigger problem created by a new administration.   They want to strip future Presidents of their authority to keep  Americans safe. That is what the NO BAN Act does.   They also want to grant foreign nationals access to lawyers. But  foreign nationals have never been entitled to this privilege before,  and it will cost taxpayers $825 million over the next 5 years. That may  not sound like much if you just want to throw trillions out there, but  that is hardworking taxpayers' money. It is a lot of money.   But are Democrats working to repair the crisis its radical policies  caused? No.   Are they working to stop the mass flow of illegal migration? No.   Are they working to secure our borders? No.   Vice President Harris has refused to visit the border for 28 days.   By contrast, more than one-third of the House Republicans have been  to the border and seen the crisis for themselves. There have even been  some bipartisan trips, Madam Speaker. And I was very excited to hear  that, in the bipartisan trip, questions were asked.   My understanding was the very first question one of our Democrat  colleagues asked was: Is it really true we are catching terrorists?   And the shock on their face when the border agent said: Yes, from the  terrorist watch list, we have caught them.   What is really concerning to me, if you read The Washington Post, is  the thousands of people who come across per day who are not caught.   How many terrorists are in that group? How much fentanyl are those  people carrying?   What we learned has led directly to the action we have taken here in  Congress.   Two weeks ago, Dr. Miller-Meeks introduced a bill to require a  negative COVID-19 test before any illegal immigrant is released from  custody.   Madam Speaker, I was shocked that your side of the aisle blocked it.   Last week, Representative Carter and Representative Peter Meijer  offered a motion to combat the trafficking of fentanyl analogues, which  are 100 times deadlier than regular fentanyl.   Democrats blocked it, even though 137 of them voted for the same  motion last year.   Can you imagine that, Madam Speaker? 137 on your side of the aisle  voted just last year for that amendment. I guess things have changed.   Madam Speaker, Congress needs to do the right thing here. We should  not be wasting our time on recycled legislation that weakens our  national security. We simply need to return to commonsense border  security policies that work.   We need to finish the wall and deploy technology to the border.   We need to fully reinstate the ``remain in Mexico'' policy and  maintain the robustly implemented Title 42 authority.   We need to require a negative COVID test before releasing migrants. I  think that would be common sense. Most Americans have to have that.   We need to send a clear message: Do not come to the United States  illegally.   Madam Speaker, if we want to fix the crisis, we need to fix its root  cause. But that root cause isn't only in Guatemala, El Salvador, or  Honduras; it is right here in Washington, D.C.   You see, Madam Speaker, before the crisis hit, there wasn't  legislation that was passed. It was just on day one with executive  orders. So all they have to do is do the exact same thing they did,  take the pen and bring them back. Let's bring common sense back to  solutions.   Madam Speaker, why don't we bring new ideas to committees? Why don't  we have Members show up for work? And why don't we have committees  actually work instead of just picking old ideas when they have created  a new problem that will only expand it further?   