 Mr. President, with just a few minutes to speak, I am  going to get right to the point.   Gunfire in the halls here, IEDs on the Capitol grounds--I will say to  my colleagues, with the domestic terrorists roaming the halls just a  few hours ago, I have been stunned that this debate is actually going  forward, and that is because, colleagues, this is a fake debate on  electoral certifications; that is because it lends credibility to the  bogus idea that the Congress can actually toss out the results of the  election, and, as we saw today, it serves to fuel insurrection.   Contrary to what some of my ``aye'' voting colleagues believe by  votes cast just a few minutes ago, this debate has never been about  setting up some kind of routine election tribunal. This isn't about  election security. If the Republic majority for the last 2 years had  actually been interested in election security, they would not have  worked relentlessly to block my legislation to secure our 2020  elections with hand-marked paper ballots and post-election security  audits.   By the way, those are the kinds of approaches that are part of the  Oregon system, where for 25 years we voted by mail. I am the Nation's  first mail-in U.S. Senator. The second--and I see my colleagues from  Maine and Alaska here because they are very fond of him, like I am-- Gordon Smith, a Republican, was the second mail-in U.S. Senator in our  country. That is because we do the job right. It is efficient.   Our late-Republican secretary of state, Dennis Richardson, actually  told President Trump there was no evidence of fraud.   So if Republicans had been interested over the last 2 years in  actually working with me and colleagues on both sides of the aisle and  secretaries of state, we could have had an approach that would have  empowered the Oregon idea to go national. Instead, we are now debating  tonight the idea of--a discussion grounded in total fiction, brewed in  cauldrons of conspiracies online. These, colleagues, are fever dreams-- fever dreams laundered by people with election certificates and real  power. And I will tell you, it has been painful to watch colleagues  sidle up to some of those conspiracies that would inflict so much  damage on the American experiment.   Colleagues, I am going to close with one last point. We saw today an  effort by domestic terrorists to try to punch our democracy to the  ground, to the ropes. I am going to close by simply saying something  that hadn't been said tonight, and that is that Donald Trump can do  enormous damage to our country in the next 2 weeks. In the next 2  weeks, colleagues, Donald Trump can do enormous damage to our wonderful  country.   This afternoon--I don't know if my colleagues saw it--the National  Association of Manufacturers--an organization with thousands of  businesses, thousands of companies, and not exactly a leftwing outfit-- they called for moving forward with the 25th Amendment. That was all  over the news already this afternoon, colleagues. The National  Association of Manufacturers. That is what we are seeing in our country  with respect to the fear of Americans, having watched what happened  here.   I am just going to close by way of saying that I believe that for the  next 2 weeks, we have an enormous responsibility to watchdog Donald  Trump day in and day out, to do everything possible to prevent the  kinds of abuses that we saw today, where an American lost her life, and  we saw the fear among our citizens at what went on. Let's do everything  we can as leaders, Democrats and Republicans, to make sure that in the  next 2 weeks, Donald Trump's abuses are checked and we do everything we  can to protect this wonderful Nation of ours.   I yield the floor.   