 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 7  minutes prior to the vote on the Kahl nomination.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about Colin Kahl, the  President's nominee to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy.   The most basic responsibility of our government and our military is  to protect the national security of the American people, which requires  helping our allies and constraining our enemies. The Pentagon's policy  chief is responsible for those evaluations.   Unfortunately, I have come to believe that Colin Kahl's judgment is  irreparably marred by obsessive animosity toward Israel. I can think of  no other way to explain his years of consistently wrong views regarding  the Middle East--and not just wrong but impulsive and reckless.   He has repeatedly spilled out his conspiracy theories and attacks on  Twitter and other public venues. He views the world through a cracked  lens.   And I challenge my Democratic colleagues to explain one simple thing:  What other explanation, other than animosity to the world's only Jewish  state, could possibly account for all of these staggeringly wrong  judgments?   I would like to begin with a topic the Senate has been united on: our  opposition to anti-Semitism and to anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.   In 2019, this body came together unanimously to pass a resolution  that I authored, along with Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, condemning  anti-Semitism as a unique form of bigotry that distorts people's  judgments.   Recently, a top adviser to the Ayatollah Khomeini acknowledged what  the world long knew--that in 2018, in an operation right out of a  Hollywood action movie, Israel seized Iran's national nuclear archive.  The archive proved that Iran had been keeping nuclear weapons  blueprints and materials on the shelf. The nuclear deal, of which Kahl  was a principle architect, had been flawed from the start.   Kahl responded to the news of the raid by suggesting on Twitter the  archive was fabricated by Israel, with the aim of dragging American  boys and girls into another Middle East war. This was a pernicious,  anti-Sematic conspiracy theory, a blood libel, not just pernicious but  wrong.   That was not the only time Kahl leveled troubling conspiracy theories  about Israel and Iran. He suggested on Twitter that Trump's policies  regarding the Iran deal and Jerusalem were linked to donations from  Jewish billionaire Sheldon Adelson. This is not the judgment of anyone  who should be anywhere near power or policy.   Another decision the Trump administration made was to move our  Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. There was an active debate within the  Trump administration. I leaned in vigorously with the President, and  the President agreed with the view I articulated; that we should say to  our friends and our enemies that we stand unshakably with the nation of  Israel.   Kahl spent years fighting against that move, fighting against moving  our Embassy. According to reports from 2012, Kahl was personally  responsible for trying to remove language from the Democratic Party  platform embracing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.   This is a long-abiding passion of his.   And when President Trump recognized Jerusalem, Kahl predicted it  would isolate the United States and Israel and even potentially trigger  a third intifada. He was wrong.   Just like he was wrong about supporting Israel, he was wrong about  opposing Iran. In 2017, Congress passed legislation mandating that the  President declare Iran's IRGC a terrorist organization. Kahl said we  were playing ``politics'' so that we could show we were tough on Iran,  and again he predicted disaster. Again, he was wrong.   Kahl has even attacked Democrats on this issue. For instance, he has  repeatedly attacked Chairman Menendez for trying to ``kill'' and use  ``poison pills'' to block appeasement of the Iranian regime.   Turning to current topics, the Obama-Biden team shamefully,  repeatedly, recklessly used leaks to leak secrets about Israeli  operations against Iranian terrorists and forces.   Now there are new reports on a taped phone call that then-Secretary  of State Kerry may have leaked Israeli attacks to Iranian Foreign  Minister Zarif, with whom he is personally close. If verified, these  reports would mean he maliciously endangered not just Israeli national  security but American lives. If these reports are true, John Kerry  should resign, and if he doesn't resign, President Biden should fire  him.   Colin Kahl was prominent in shaping Obama-Biden policies on Israel  and  [[Page S2220]]  Iran, and he has been credibly accused of weaponizing and leaking  classified information.   I recently joined 17 other Senators in a letter to FBI Director Wray,  requesting that the FBI immediately investigate whether he did so. But  we are not going to have the answer before we vote today, and I don't  see how he can be principally advanced without it.   On issues of foreign policy, this body is often united when standing  up against our enemies and standing for our friends. This nominee, I  believe, is the most virulently anti-Israel nominee who would serve in  the entire Biden administration.   Many of our friends on the Democratic aisle like to say they support  the nation of Israel. Well, this is a chance to demonstrate you mean it  because you cannot vote to confirm a rabid, anti-Israel, conspiracy  theory-tweeting radical to the No. 3 position in the Department of  Defense and then claim you are a reliable friend of Israel.   Colin Kahl's record is extreme, fringe, and radical. He has a  lifelong obsession with and antipathy to the State of Israel, and he  has demonstrated a willingness to endanger Israeli lives and American  lives to advance that hostility.   I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to oppose this  nomination.   I yield the floor.   