 Mr. President, I come to the floor today in support of  our men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line each day  to defend our freedoms and our American way of life.   Unfortunately, thousands of our heroes are about to lose those very  freedoms that they have fought so hard to defend, as Joe Biden's  vaccine mandate is threatening them with a dishonorable discharge  should they choose not to get the COVID vaccine.   Now, let me be clear, as a physician and a veteran, I am confident  the vaccine has saved countless lives, and I encourage every veteran,  every American to consider and to discuss with their physician getting  that vaccine. I believe vaccinating our servicemembers, though, against  COVID-19 is such a very, very important effort. But deep down inside, I  am still this real doctor from Great Bend, KS, and I believe in the  sanctity of the physician-patient relationship and that every one of  our situations is unique.   A soldier's clinical history is unique. There are pros and cons;  there are risks and benefits of taking this vaccine. And each of our  soldiers all are using common sense--the common sense that God has  given them, and I respect their decisions. This administration should  too.   Right now, thousands of our servicemembers are not vaccinated. When  it comes to our guardsmen and -women in Kansas, only 58 percent are  fully or partially vaccinated--a number I am confident would hold true  across the remainder of the country.   Unfortunately, the policy out of the White House says that one size  has to fit all; that there is no exception, even though we know that  natural immunity to COVID is the same as, if not more powerful than,  the vaccine.   We have never asked people--especially military folks--to get a  vaccine for a virus they are already immune to or a virus that doesn't  affect them. It just doesn't make sense.   Because of Joe Biden's vaccine mandate, thousands of American heroes  are going to be separated from the service, and they are going to,  perhaps, be given a dishonorable discharge.   I want to make sure this body and the American people understand  exactly what the significance of a dishonorable discharge is. Soldiers  will lose access to medical benefits from the VA. They will lose access  to home loans from the VA. They will lose access to the GI bill for  further education. They will potentially lose their right to vote in  some States. They will lose their Second Amendment rights and access to  ammunition. They will lose military funeral honors. They will lose the  ability to reenlist in another branch of military. And they will have  an extremely difficult time finding employment.  [[Page S7443]]    Getting a dishonorable discharge may be the worst checkmark you can  get in your life--truly, a scarlet letter. These sort of repercussions  sound like they should be reserved for felons. But, no, this is what  Joe Biden wants to hand down to our servicemembers. This is insulting,  and we must put a stop to it.   For these reasons, I introduced legislation--the COVID-19 Vaccine  Dishonorable Discharge Prevention Act--to prohibit the Department of  Defense from dishonorably discharging American heroes who choose to not  receive a COVID-19 vaccine.   There is no question about it: American heroes should not be treated  as felons because of their personal medical choices.   This is one of a number of highly important issues for our national  security that Leader Schumer and our colleagues across the aisle have  to put on hold while they go back and forth on how to spend taxpayers'  money on their radical agenda instead of finalizing the NDAA.   The annual defense bill is the only authorizing legislation that  Congress passes every year--60 years in a row, as a matter of fact--but  this now is the fourth latest in history that it has been initially  brought up for consideration on the Senate floor.   Considering the foreign policy disasters this White House has  created, one would think delivering a paycheck to our servicemembers  and funding to increase our military's lethality would be top of mind.   Our troops deserve better, and I am calling on Leader Schumer to  bring the NDAA to the floor. Our American heroes deserve better than  this, and we need to get to my amendment as soon as possible.   I want to thank Senators Cruz, Lankford, Tuberville, Cramer, Johnson,  Senators Rick Scott, Kennedy, and Senator Wicker for joining me in this  important legislation.   I look forward to continuing to work with them once we submit it as  an amendment to the NDAA.   I yield back.   