 Mr. President, shortly, I will ask for unanimous consent  on the nomination of Robert L. Santos to be the Director of the U.S.  Census Bureau.   The mission of the Census Bureau is to serve as the leading source of  quality data about the Nation's people and our economy. The census and  the Bureau's surveys are critical for communities, businesses, and  people across our Nation to ensure communities have the resources and  the information they need to thrive.   The Census Bureau Director must meet the challenge of this mission.  They must have experience in the collection, analysis, and use of  statistical data and demonstrated management experience at large  organizations.   Robert Santos is an eminently qualified nominee for this role. He has  over 40 years of experience as a manager and expert in the field of  survey design and statistical research, including experience as a  manager at the most renowned research centers for statistics, as  principal of a market research firm, and currently at the nonprofit  Urban Institute.   He has interacted closely with the Census Bureau for decades as a  researcher, a stakeholder, and an expert adviser, serving on the Census  Advisory Committees and National Academies' panels on Federal  statistics. Mr. Santos has demonstrated a deep knowledge of the Census  Bureau, its data, and its stakeholders. He has demonstrated a  commitment to upholding the Bureau's mission of producing essential,  high-quality data that our Nation relies on.   It is critical that we confirm Mr. Santos to the Census Bureau so  they can continue their important work with a well-qualified leader at  the helm.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 311 and 312, Robert Luis  Santos, of Texas, to be Director of the Census for the remainder of the  term expiring December 31, 2021; and Robert Luis Santos, of Texas, to  be Director of the Census for a term expiring December 31, 2026.  (Reappointment); that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to  the nominations; that any related statements be printed in the Record;  and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   