 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from the State  of Washington for allowing me to have the opportunity to participate in  this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the communities and the  residents of west central Indiana to share our experience with the  Endangered Species Act.   As an animal scientist and a farmer, I am a lifelong conservationist.  I value the well-intentioned effort of the ESA to protect and conserve  our Nation's most iconic species that define our landscapes and have  shaped our heritage. Instead, however, I have repeatedly found myself  discouraged with the implementation of this important act.   As I shared here on the House floor a few weeks ago, Lakes Freeman  and Shafer, near Monticello, Indiana, have been a popular tourist  destination. It has been home to many small businesses, attractions,  and a vibrant local economy for generations of Hoosiers. Unfortunately,  though, a series of droughts and a tangle of bureaucratic red tape  involving the ESA has made a devastating impact on this community.   Following a listing on the endangered species list more than a decade  ago of mussels found in the Tippecanoe River, the U.S. Fish and  Wildlife Service subsequently ordered a new higher volume of water to  consistently flow out of the Oakdale Dam that forms Lake Freeman, in an  effort to preserve these now-protected mussels. This executive action  by unelected bureaucrats has crippled our once-thriving community.   Businesses like the Tall Timbers Marina, local resorts, and the Madam  Carroll cruise boat, as seen here, report catastrophic losses to  revenue and depleted financial reserves.   Homeowners along the lake report ruined seawalls, dried-up wells, and  slashed resale values, even during this hottest real estate market of  our lifetime.   With zero regard for the economic and environmental catastrophe  created, the Fish and Wildlife Service refuses to negotiate and  continues to enforce a mandate designed to protect a population of  mussels that have likely already died from the bacterial overload  created when this 1,500-acre lake was reduced to a puddle, killing  practically all the wildlife that used to call Lake Freeman home.   Due to years of misinterpretation of the law, unchecked actions by  unelected bureaucrats, and radical environmentalism, this once valuable  law, designed to conserve America's natural beauty, has instead proved  time and time again to be a death knell to actual ecosystems and the  nearby communities.   The Service consistently hides behind its ability to point fingers at  other agencies, whose compliance is obligated by the ESA as a means to  avoid rational management of the act and the species it protects.   As thought leaders and policymakers, we have an important  responsibility to preserve the natural beauty that God has bestowed on  our land. The Endangered Species Act was established with that mission  at heart but has gone frightfully astray.   It has been 40 years since the enactment of the ESA. Now more than  ever, it is time to modernize this important law, to fix its broken  parts to better serve its purpose and to allow for responsible  solutions to disasters like Lake Freeman.   I hope my colleagues will join me in this valuable effort.   