 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    First of all, Madam President, let me thank you and all  of the floor staff and others who are here. I think on a beautiful  Saturday at the end of July, we all wish, perhaps, we were somewhere  else other than on the floor of the Senate.   For the 30 years that I have been involved in political discussions  in Virginia and some on an international level, we have had President  after President and Congress after Congress talk about the generational  unmet needs in infrastructure. We have seen our roads and bridges start  to crumble. The estimates are that close to, depending on the survey,  14,000 bridges are in a decaying state, and in my State, over 700  bridges. We know the potholes in many of our roads and highways. We  know our airports resemble third world nations, not the United States  of America. We know our ports have not kept up with modern technology.  We know that many of our shorelines are dealing with the unprecedented  effects of sea level rise. We know after COVID that high-speed internet  connectivity is not a nice-to-have but essential. It is something the  Presiding Officer has taken a legislative lead on.   We know that it is time to get past talking about infrastructure and  finally doing something. That is why I have been proud to be part of  this bipartisan effort, working with the White House, to produce a  historic piece of legislation, $550 billion of new spending over 5  years that in every category I just mentioned will make historic  investments.   I have been a little surprised, to tell you the truth, that some of  our colleagues on the other side who were not part of the bipartisan  group have suddenly said: No, we can't do infrastructure now. They were  all for it when President Trump was in; now they find excuses why not.   I have to also say I have been a little bit surprised even with some  of my colleagues on my side of the aisle, when the deal that we have  structured is literally twice as much as where the earlier negotiations  were between President Biden and some of the Republican committee  chairs--committee leaders.   There has been some sense of, well, you know, infrastructure--that  shouldn't be that hard to do. If it wasn't hard to do, why has it taken  us 30 years to get to this moment?   I hope--and I know we are finalizing the last couple pieces of  legislative language--I hope that we will get that finished as soon as  possible so we can get this bill on the floor, have amendments, have a  debate, but at the end of the day, pass this historic legislation  [[Page S5229]]  and finally put our money where our mouths have been in terms of  talking about the needs of infrastructure in this country.   Now, I know, Madam President, that we do not have probably a lot of  people rushing to the floor today, so I am going to take an extra  minute or two. It doesn't mean you have to stay riveted to each moment.  But I want to talk about this for a few moments in terms of what this  will do for my State, for the Commonwealth of Virginia.   In the Commonwealth of Virginia, investment in infrastructure has  been something that has eluded us for years. I have to acknowledge that  when I was Governor, I tried to find funding, the funding needs,  particularly in Northern Virginia, Hampton Roads, and put forward  bipartisan-supported tax referendums in Northern Virginia, Hampton  Roads. I was horribly unsuccessful at getting that done.   A number of years later, a subsequent Governor, Governor McDonnell,  managed to make a downpayment on some of the infrastructure needs in  Virginia but not really address in a more comprehensive way the  Commonwealth's needs.   So I am going to take a couple of moments now and talk about, section  by section, in Virginia, what this bipartisan, White House-supported,  record infrastructure investment will mean to the people of the  Commonwealth of Virginia.   Let me start with Hampton Roads. Hampton Roads, in a southeast  Virginia peninsula, is most at risk from concerns about sea level rise  and questions about resiliency, more than any other region in the whole  country, with the exception of New Orleans. In Hampton Roads, local  leaders, our Navy, nonprofits, and businesses have all come together  and said: We need to make sure that we grapple with sea level rise. It  is ranked, by most in those communities, as the No. 1 issue.   Well, if we pass this legislation, $47 billion will go into sea level  rise prevention and resiliency. That will mean that a whole host of  projects in Norfolk, in Portsmouth, in Virginia Beach, and in  Chesapeake will all be finally addressed. We have to make sure that  Hampton Roads is not subject to this kind of devastating effect of sea  level rise.   We also know that Hampton Roads needs more rail. We have opened  recently some rail down to the peninsula, but not enough. We have to  make sure that the rail that goes from Richmond doesn't leave off, as a  cul-de-sac, the peninsula in South Hampton Roads. With a $66 billion  investment in rail, we may soon be able to see that become a reality.   Hampton Roads is home to the Port of Virginia. The Port of Virginia  is one of the biggest ports on the whole east coast. But if we don't  continue to upgrade that port, if we don't continue to deepen the  channel, if we don't make the investments in the Craney Island  expansion, and if we don't stay competitive, that port, which is the  economic engine driver not just of Hampton Roads but, in many ways, of  most of the Commonwealth, will not stay competitive. This legislation  will provide $17 billion, a record amount of investment, in our ports,  and I can promise you the Port of Virginia will get a share of those  resources.   And, finally, on just the plain old issue of roads, Hampton Roads is  disconnected from what we call the Peninsula in Virginia, and we have  gotten two crosslinks, which oftentimes, during the summer months, can  lead to multiple-hour backups to our bridge-tunnels. If we make this  $110 billion investment in roads and bridges, we can potentially see  that third crossing come into reality. But what we could also make sure  is that we could finally finish the widening of Interstate 64 between  Norfolk and Richmond.   I talked about this when I ran for Governor, and as Governor I said:  Wouldn't it be great if in our lifetime we could actually finish this  project? Well, if we pass this bipartisan piece of legislation, the I- 64 project widening from Norfolk to Richmond will be finished. This is  incredibly important for the people of Hampton Roads, the Eastern Shore  peninsula, and the Northern Neck to make these investments.   Let's move up the road to our capital, Richmond, and the Richmond  area. Last week, as I was looking at the Mayo Bridge--one of the  historic bridges, over 100 years old--I saw how decaying it was. I saw  the water damage that was taking place. That bridge, without  remediation, could be forced to close if we don't make the needed  investments. Well, this bipartisan legislation will commit $110 billion  for highway and bridge improvements. Mayo Bridge, and a host of the  other 700 bridges in Virginia that are decaying, will get fixed. We  need to make that happen.   Richmond, as well, has got one of the most impressive bus transit  systems not only in Virginia but in the whole country. We have made  huge investments, close to $40 billion, in transit in this legislation,  and some of the Richmond bus transit needs will be addressed.   We also know, in the Richmond area and across the Commonwealth, that  we have a lot of airports. One of the things we need to continue to do  is invest in our airports. The Richmond airport is always in need of  additional expansion. There is $25 billion to improve our airports  across the country. The Richmond airport, the Norfolk airport, the  Newport News airport, and, obviously, the Roanoke airport and others-- Dulles, National--will be improved, as well as a host of smaller  regional airports across the Commonwealth, if we make this investment.   We come up to our region here, where I live, in Northern Virginia. I  am very proud of working with Tim Kaine and the Senators from Maryland.  We made sure this legislation included a full 8-year reauthorization of  our Metro system. We made sure that we are making record investments in  transit so that we can get Metro back up operating again on a full  schedule and we can make the needed safety improvements that have been  plaguing Metro for a number of years.   We also know that we have to continue to build out additional Metro  stations in Northern Virginia. The one at Potomac Yard will be  extraordinarily important to the Innovation Center and the Amazon 2  headquarters.   We have to make sure, as well, because Metro is moving to zero- emission buses--that is good news for our climate and for our  community. The question is where are those zero-emission buses going to  be built? This legislation, as well, makes record investment in  electric and other low-carbon and no-carbon buses, so they can be built  here, not in China.   Our record investment in transit will also make dramatic improvements  to the VRE for the Manassas Line. Let's get more people out of their  cars and into VRE, whether it is the Manassas or Fredericksburg Line.  Needed investments will be made if we pass this legislation.   Another project, if we are going to open up rail in Virginia, we have  to make sure that we have another rail bridge across the Potomac. So  for the Long Bridge Project, which I have been working with  Governor Northam and Senator Kaine on, this kind of investment will  make that happen.    And as anybody who lives in Northern Virginia knows--where I live,  and somebody who lives in Alexandria--traffic is the bane of our  existence. There will be a host of improvements that will get done if  we pass this legislation. Let me talk about one in particular.   Route 1, from Alexandria through Fairfax and into Prince William  County, we know how clogged and congested it has been. We have been  looking for additional funding, literally, for decades on Route 1. If  we pass this legislation, it will get done.   Let me move a little bit further west in our State, out toward the  Shenandoah Valley and Roanoke and Southwest. For years, we have been  talking about the danger on I-81. Literally, there have been prayer  groups formed to pray for people who would travel on I-81 because there  was so much truck traffic there that it has, frankly, impeded the  safety of the traveling public. We have been talking about making  improvements and expansions to 81 capacity for 20 years. We have been  talking about how do we get the trucks off of I-81, and how do we bring  more rail down to Southwest and Southside. Well, if we pass this  legislation, we will see those 81 corridor improvements that we have  all been waiting for. We will see rail not only going from Lynchburg  and Roanoke but extend on  [[Page S5230]]  down to Blacksburg and Christiansburg and, hopefully, all the way down  to Bristol. This is terribly important to make sure that those  communities have a multimodal form of transportation opportunities and  making sure we get those trucks off of I-81, something we have been  talking about for a long time. If we increase the rail capacity, both  freight and passenger, we will be able to do that.   We also know in Southside and Southwest, post-COVID, that high-speed  internet connectivity is not a ``nice to have'' but an absolute  necessity. A top priority of mine, as somebody who has spent more years  in the telecommunications industry than I have in politics, is to make  sure that we make those connections. This legislation--historic  legislation--has $65 billion for broadband. That investment, building  on Governor Northam's $700 million investment from Virginia and  American Rescue Plan funds, will make sure that every household across  the Commonwealth has access to high-speed internet connectivity, not 5  years from now or 10 years from now but in the next couple of years.   And, finally, across Southwest Virginia--and for that matter, across  all of Virginia--we still have families in far Southwest that don't  have access to clean drinking water on a regular basis, that still have  to sometimes haul their water in the back of a pickup truck up to some  cistern, and they don't have access to clean drinking water in 2021.  Well, $55 billion will go to water projects in this legislation. And  whether they be access to clean drinking water on a regular basis or  whether it be taking out the lead pipes that haunt too many of our  urban communities, or the storm and sewer systems that are, frankly, in  some cases, 60, 70, 80 years old and simply wearing out, we can make  that investment as well.   Now, there are a series of other areas in this legislation that are  equally important, but at the end of the day, I can't think of a bill  that I have worked on that will have more direct effect on the lives of  every Virginian over the next 5 years in terms of how you get to work,  how you get to school, how you manage to take the kids out on the  weekends, how our commerce moves, how we get our water, and how we get  our internet than this record-setting $550 billion bipartisan  investment in infrastructure.   It is time for the Senate to take this bill up. I again commend all  of my colleagues who have been working on this legislation, not just  the so-called G-10 but the G-22. I thank Leader Schumer for his good  work, continuing to push this legislation forward. I want to thank the  White House for its constant involvement. I even want to commend Leader  McConnell for voting with this bipartisan group to move this  legislation along. We have talked about this for 30 years. We are  literally days away from this passing the U.S. Senate. We have got to  finish the job and get it done.   With that, I hope I have kept you riveted and now you are fully  familiar with all the needs of Virginia. I am sure you can address  similar needs in Minnesota. But I thank the Presiding Officer and all  of the staffs who are here working on this Saturday, the last day in  July, in the summer, to get this job done.   With that, I note the absence--I don't yield the floor.   I would have been surprised if the Presiding Officer had asked me to  speak for another 30 minutes, but I will choose not to do that because  I have great respect for the floor staff.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate recess subject to the call  of the chair.   