 Madam Speaker, Democrats prevent Republicans from serving  on the select committee. Democrats kick Republicans off standing  committees. Democrats try to make D.C. a State. Democrats try to end  the filibuster. They try to pack the court. They do secret impeachment  hearings in the bunker of the basement of the Capitol. And they just  said a naval veteran is afraid of the truth. Now, today, they are  destroying executive privilege.   The United States Supreme Court held those who assist the President  must be free to explore alternatives in the process of shaping policies  and making decisions and to do so in a way that many would be unwilling  to do, except privately. The Court further stated Presidential  administrations of both parties have asserted that the President's  close advisers are an extension of the President.   Who are these close advisers? Who are these individuals who are an  extension of the President of the United States? Well, there are  actually a bunch, but certainly, the three most important are the  National Security Advisor, the White House counsel, and the chief of  staff to the President. I would argue the chief of staff is the closest  of the close. He is the one who spends more time with the Commander in  Chief than anyone else.   Now, why do we have this privilege? Why do we have it? Why is the  decisionmaking process between the President and his closest advisers a  private matter? Why is that?   Well, guess what, the Supreme Court told us the answer to that one,  too. Executive privilege serves ``the necessity for protection of the  public interest in candid, objective, and even . . . harsh opinions in  Presidential decisionmaking.''   Let me just say that again: Executive privilege serves the public  interest. It is for us. It is for we the people. It is not for  President Trump. It is not for Mark Meadows. It is not for any  President. It is not for any chief of staff. It is for the country.   But the Democrats are not going to worry about that. They are going  to forget about that because they think this is good politics. They  think this is all about politics.   They used to care. They used to care about executive privilege. When  Republicans wanted information during the Fast and Furious scandal,  President Obama asserted executive privilege for bureaucrats at the ATF  and DOJ. Think about it. A bureaucrat in a Federal agency gets  privilege but not the chief of staff to the President? Because Mark  Meadows worked for President Trump, and Democrats have been out to get  President Trump before he ever took office when they first tried to spy  on him, and actually did spy on him, in 2016.   They are going to destroy this precedent even though this very  question is in front of the courts as we speak. They are going to  destroy this precedent that has been around since 1794 when our first  President first asserted it. And for what?   What did Mark Meadows do? He gave the committee thousands of emails;  he gave the committee thousands of text messages; and he agreed to come  in front of the committee and answer any question as long as it didn't  violate executive privilege; the privilege that is not his to waive but  belongs to the President; the privilege that the Court said is critical  to executive decisionmaking; the privilege that exists for the benefit  of we the people; and the privilege that has been around since George  Washington asserted it.   But Democrats say: No, not good enough, Mr. Meadows. You have to come  in and answer any and every question we ask you, or we are going to try  to put you in prison.   It is so disgusting. Think about it. We weren't allowed to know who  the so-called anonymous whistleblower was when they tried to impeach  President Trump, did impeach President Trump, but Democrats can destroy  executive privilege? The country wasn't allowed to know what took place  in that bunker in the basement of the Capitol during impeachment, but  they get to know any and everything they want about conversations  between the President and his top adviser.   This is so wrong. Democrats on the select committee also can't make  up their minds. With Steve Bannon, they said: You have to appear in  person to assert any privilege. And because he didn't come, they held  him in contempt.   With Jeff Clark, they said to come in person, assert privilege, which  he did, and they said, no, that is not good enough. And they held him  in contempt.   Now, with Mark Meadows, he gave them thousands of documents and  agreed to come, and they still said not good enough. What a charade.   Make no mistake, when Democrats vote in favor of this resolution, it  is a vote to put a good man in prison. Don't pretend to argue, either.  Don't even attempt the argument: No, no, no, this is just the House  acting; the Justice Department will make a decision whether to  prosecute or not. Come on. Is there anyone who believes that?   It took the Attorney General all of 5 days to treat parents as  terrorists, all of 5 days. If a leftwing political group can write the  White House asking the Department of Justice to use the PATRIOT Act  against moms and dads and 5 days later the Attorney General of the  United States does just that, then what do you think he is going to do  when 225 Democrats in the House of Representatives ask him to put  President Trump's chief of staff in prison?   I have been in Congress for a while, 15 years. I have seen Democrats  weaponize the government to attack their political opponents. Ten years  ago, they used the IRS to target good people around this country, good,  conservative people. Five years ago, they abused the FISA process and  used the FBI to spy on President Trump's campaign. Two months ago, the  Department of Justice used the Counterterrorism Division at the FBI to  put a threat tag, a label, a designation, on parents who had the  gall to go speak up at school board meetings and defend their kids,  speak out against some crazy curriculum.    Now, they are destroying executive privilege. Now, they are attacking  that. This might be the worst, destroying a precedent that has been  around since George Washington and treating Mark Meadows as a criminal.  [[Page H7791]]    Mark Meadows is our former colleague. He is a good man, and he is my  friend. This is as wrong as it gets. I think, deep down, everyone knows  it. I think they know it as well. They know this is wrong. We have all  served with this guy. He has done more work with Democrats than  probably any Republican. We all know what a good man he is. This is as  wrong as it gets.   Madam Speaker, they all know it, but their lust for power, their lust  to get their opponents, is so intense, they don't care. I hope they  reconsider. I hope we don't take this action.   