 Madam Speaker, this process we are going through today  isn't about personalities. This isn't about Joe Biden or Donald Trump.  As hard as some try to paint it that way, let me say that names and  personalities don't matter. This is, gravely, about the Constitution of  the United States.   Almost 20 years ago, after the attacks on 9/11, Americans were  persuaded to give up some of their constitutional liberties. Using the  justification of that global crisis, the terrorist attacks on that  fateful day, America saw the erosion of their liberties for the safety  and security many felt they may receive through the USA PATRIOT Act and  other resulting processes too many felt would keep us safe from another  attack here on our shore.   This year, using the justification of the global pandemic, COVID-19,  we once again saw our Nation's Constitution violated. You see, the  Constitution is clear in Article II, Madam Speaker, that the power and  duty to set the manner of national elections rests solely with the  State legislatures.   That power doesn't rest with us. That power didn't rest in the hands  of unelected county election officials, secretaries of state, or a  supreme court but, rather, in the hands of the State legislatures,  which pass laws setting the manner of elections held in their States.   This year, using the extraordinary circumstance of the COVID-19  pandemic, we witnessed these duly passed laws circumvented and usurped  time and again, not by having the laws changed in the respective State  legislative bodies, but those laws arbitrarily  [[Page H105]]  and unilaterally changed by county clerks; secretaries of state; and,  in this case of Pennsylvania, an elected supreme court, which is  supposed to interpret the law, not make law.   When those nonlegislative entities change the laws without getting  the general assemblies to change the law, in my opinion, the resulting  ballots cast, either by mail or in person, those ballots were illegal  under the law.   Illegal ballots should not be counted. Therefore, the resulting  electoral votes should be considered invalid.   What bothers me is that so many of you are okay with that, that so  many Americans, because their person won, you are okay with the manner  in which that victory was gained.   It is politics. Look, I get it. But we didn't swear an oath to play  politics. We swore an oath to the United States Constitution. As George  Washington said: The Constitution is the guide which I will never  abandon.   