 Mr. President.    Pursuant to impeachment rule XVI, I make a motion.  Statements were attributed to me moments ago by  [[Page S644]]  the House impeachment managers, statements relating to the content of  conversations between--a phone call involving President Trump and  Senator Tuberville--were not made by me, they are not accurate, and  they are contrary to fact. I move, pursuant to rule XVI, that they be  stricken from the record.   UNIDENTIFIED SENATOR. Second.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Pursuant to S. Res. 47, section 4,  parties' presentations are not limited to the record provided for in  section 1 of that resolution.    I appeal the ruling of the Chair.    Yes, I have.    What may I ask is the ruling of the Chair? My point is not  whether it is appropriate to make characterizations; my point was to  strike them because they were false.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is, whether the  interpretation that S. Res. 47, section 4 applies is correct; that the  party's presentations are not limited to the record provided in section  1 of that resolution.    Mr. President, that is not my motion. You have ruled on a  motion--you ruled on something that was not what I moved. What I asked  was, statements were attributed to me, repeatedly, as to which I have  personal knowledge because I am the source. They are not true. I never  made those statements. I ask that they be stricken. This has nothing to  do with whether or not they are based on depositions, which they are  not. It is simply based on the fact that I am the witness. I am the  only witness. Those statements are not true, and I ask that you strike  them.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and nays were asked for. The yeas  and nays are requested.    I ask that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to vitiate the appeal--the request  that I made.   I withdraw the request for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection.    Because it is not true.   Mr. Manager RASKIN. On the grounds it is not true, and we are----    Castro repeated it too.   Mr. Manager RASKIN. We are going to withdraw it this evening without  any prejudice for the ability to resubmit it, if possible. This is much  ado about nothing because it is not critical in our case.    You are not the one being cited as a witness, sir.   