 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, over the last few hours, we have seen the  consequences of dangerous un-American rhetoric; an armed insurrection  against the seat of government of the most powerful country on Earth; a  breach of this Capitol building to attack Congress, something that has  not taken place since the British occupied this building during the War  of 1812; an attempted coup spurred by rhetoric coming from those who  are looking out for themselves, not country.   It is stunning, Madam Speaker, that there are some in this House who  have voiced support for what happened. It was not a protest. It was  treason. It was sedition. And it should be prosecuted as such.   At its root is a disease that has infected our politics, one that  will make some political leaders do anything, including lie and incite  violence to hold on to power. That is what we are seeing before our  very eyes.   In contesting the outcome of this election, my Republican colleagues  make a contradictory argument that puts party and power before country.  They argue the election results were valid when it showed they won  their races, but the same ballots were somehow fraudulent when it  produced a result President Trump did not like.   Keep the results we like, they demand, cancel the one we don't.   That is not how democracy works, and neither is armed insurrection.   Here is the truth: Arizona has a long bipartisan record of conducting  safe, secure, and fair elections. And I say that as someone whose party  has more often than not been on the losing end of those elections. This  last election was, once again, safe and secure. And I commend our State  and county election officials, public servants on both sides of the  aisle, for making Arizona proud once again.   We are here because the case that Republicans have brought before us  has failed in court over and over and over again.   My colleagues say: Let's go back to the State, let them decide.   My friends, Arizona has spoken. They have sent the correct electors.   Arizona's Republican attorney general, one of the most partisan in  the country, said: ``There is no evidence, there are no facts that  would lead anyone to believe the election results will change.''   The Republican speaker of our State house has told us he doesn't like  the  [[Page H88]]  results of the election, but they are the right results. Joe Biden has  won Arizona.   The State supreme court, made up entirely of justices appointed by  Republican Governors, has spoken, too. The court said the President's  challenge ``fails to present any evidence of misconduct, illegal votes,  or that the Biden electors did not in fact receive the highest numbers  of votes for office.''   Look to the words of one of the President's own campaign chairs in my  State, our Governor, Doug Ducey. Our Governor loves the President. He  has been so loyal. He made sure the President could hold large rallies  in our State in the middle of a pandemic. The Governor personally  attended them. They spoke so often that the Governor gave the President  a special ``Hail to the Chief'' ring tone on his phone.   After election day, as the legal challenges played out, the Governor  kept quiet; but when the truth became clear, even he acknowledged ``Joe  Biden did win Arizona.''   I am grateful that, in this instance, the Governor put law, not  partisan politics, first. And I urge my colleagues in the House to  follow his lead.   Each and every one of us in this House, the people's House, swore an  oath to preserve, protect, and defend our Constitution against all  enemies, foreign and domestic. Over the last few hours, we have gained  a better understanding of what that means.   The future of the Constitution, the most precious of the founding  documents of the greatest democracy human kind has ever known, is in  our hands. Defending democracy is not, and should not be, a partisan  task. It is a sacred one. Right here, right now, we must recognize that  fidelity to the founding principles of our Nation are not about loyalty  to one man, but rather to ensure that government of the people, by the  people, and for the people shall not perish from the Earth.   The world is watching us all right now. We must get it right. Reject  this ill-conceived attack on our democracy.   