 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of myself and my  colleagues from Maryland, Representatives Hoyer and Raskin. Our State  of Maryland has a proud history of innovation in satellite technology  and space exploration. Greenbelt, Maryland is home to Goddard, the  National Aeronautics and Space Administration's first Space Flight  Center. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which  operates a fleet of weather satellites, has its headquarters in Silver  Spring. Additionally, the largest provider of residential satellite  broadband service, Hughes Network Systems, is headquartered in  Germantown. Hughes serves consumers in some of the most rural, hard-to- reach areas of the country.   As the House considers the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, we  join our colleague, Sen. Ben Cardin (D-MD) in expressing our support  for satellite technology, which offers an opportunity for helping  achieve our broadband deployment goals. Satellite innovators in  Maryland and elsewhere have designed measures to reduce latency by  using a mix of communications platforms, including low-earth orbit  satellites and fixed wireless networks.   The infrastructure bill provides broadband grants for service  providers that meet a ``real-time, interactive'' standard for  permissible latency. We believe that residential satellite broadband  service providers could potentially meet this standard by using a mix  of geostationary and non-geostationary satellite networks or fixed  wireless networks. Satellite broadband service providers that are able  to meet the standard for permissible latency should be considered for  broadband grants provided in the infrastructure bill. We look forward  to working with our colleagues and the Department's National  Telecommunications and Information Administration staff on this  important issue.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Wild very much for her  kind words.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to pass my bill to extend the work  of the National Commission on Combating Synthetic Opioid Trafficking  so, together, we can complete the Commission's important work in a  timely manner.   As many of you know, my mission in Congress is to end the opioid  epidemic in this country. This bipartisan Commission will help us do  just that.   Thanks to the leadership of Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and  our former congressional colleague, Max Rose, this bipartisan  Commission was established by the National Defense Authorization Act of  2020. I was honored that Speaker Nancy Pelosi appointed me to the  Commission, and that my colleagues on the Commission voted to elect me  co-chair, along with Senator Tom Cotton.   The goal of the Commission is to develop a strategic approach to  combating the flow of synthetic opioids into the United States, but my  goal for the Commission is much more simple. It is simply to save  lives--save lives, period.   Last year, we saw more than 93,000 people die of a drug overdose in  this country. We set a new record, a record we never wanted to set. In  Maryland alone, we lost nearly 2,500 to opioids.   After we made progress in the fight against overdoses in 2019, the  numbers are continuing to rise due to the pandemic. As overdoses  continue to rise in communities across the country, we have our work  cut out for us in this  [[Page H5482]]  fight against synthetic drug trafficking.   Synthetic opioids such as fentanyl are among the deadliest illicit  substances in the drug industry today. In my home State of Maryland,  fentanyl was involved in 93 percent of all opioid deaths in 2020, and  opioid-related deaths were up 46 percent in western Maryland in 2020,  compared to the same time last year.   We need to act now if we are going to put an end to these senseless  deaths, and we cannot do it alone. That is why I am so grateful for the  work of the bipartisan Commission.   The Commission's membership includes the best of the best. From the  administration, we have representatives from the Office of National  Drug Control Policy, DEA, DHS, DOD, Treasury, State, and the Director  of National Intelligence.   In Congress, Republican Congressman Fred Upton and Democrat Senator  Ed Markey, two champions in the fight against addiction, are working  alongside Senator Cotton and me.   We have a number of experts from outside government, including Karen  Tandy, Sandy Winnefeld, and other distinguished individuals. We are  grateful that Kemp Chester, from the Office of National Drug Control  Policy, guides our work as executive director. We are lucky to have the  expertise of the experts at RAND working to find solutions for this  incredibly difficult challenge.   Due to the pandemic, we were not able to begin our work as soon as we  would have liked. For that reason, we must pass this simple but crucial  bill to extend the work of the Commission until February of next year.   This extension will allow us to continue our important work and  produce a report with actionable steps that will combat the flow of  synthetic opioids into our country and, most importantly, save lives.   I urge a ``yes'' vote.   