 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, in my opening speech about the  rightwing scheme to capture the Court, the Supreme Court, I described  the secret strategy memo that Lewis Powell wrote on the eve of his  appointment to the Court about how to deploy corporate political power.   As a Justice of the Supreme Court, Powell had the chance to prove to  the corporate world his secret memo's theory of what could be achieved  by ``exploiting judicial action''--his phrase--particularly with, as he  called it, ``an activist-minded Supreme Court.''   Second, Powell had the chance on the Court to start laying the legal  groundwork for precisely the sort of corporate political activity that  his secret memo had recommended to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and  Powell did both.   The first case that allowed Powell to implement recommendations from  his secret report came in 1976, in a case about the Federal Election  Campaign Act. The case was Buckley v. Valeo, and the decision was a  beast--138 pages, with another 83 pages of dissent and concurrence  cobbled together by the Court with what one observer called  ``extraordinary speed.'' Five Justices in that case, including Powell,  were described as First Amendment hawks who were wary of any portion of  the Federal Election Campaign Act that could inhibit free speech and  association.   Now, you have to understand that free speech and association were  buzz words for corporate political activity precisely of the sort  championed in Powell's secret chamber memo. Free speech meant corporate  America having the right to be heard, even to, as the secret report  said, ``equal time.'' Freedom of association provided corporations the  ``organization,'' ``careful long-range planning and implementation,''  and well-financed ``joint effort''--all those quotes--that Powell had  recommended be done in his report ``through united action and national  organizations.''   The Court's decision in Valeo did two noncontroversial things. It  accepted that campaign contributions could be limited because unlimited  campaign contributions could give rise to corruption or at least the  appearance of corruption. Unlimited donations to candidates would even  ``undermine representative democracy,'' the Court said. No big deal.  The Court also decided that candidates may spend as much of their own  money as they want on their own campaigns. It considered unlimited  spending on one's own campaign protected by the First Amendment, as  there was little danger of corruption from spending one's own campaign  money on oneself.   So both of those holdings are unremarkable. What was remarkable was  where Powell and his hawks took the Court when other interests, like  corporate interests, wanted to spend money on a candidate. Corporate  political spending per se was not at issue in the case, but spending by  special interests is precisely the kind of political influence which  Powell had recommended in his secret report to the chamber.   Powell and his hawks said special interest political spending, so  long as it was not in the form of a campaign contribution, was  protected by the same principle that protected a candidate spending his  own money on his own campaign.   Powell asserted that limiting these supposedly ``independent''  special interest expenditures ```perpetrates (the) grossest  infringement' on First Amendment rights.'' He did acknowledge the  interest in ```purity' of elections,'' but he used skeptical quotation  marks around the word ``purity,'' just like he had used skeptical  quotation marks in his report around the word ``environment.'' But  Powell dismissed those purity concerns as likely ``illusory,'' to use  his word.   Powell's Bench memo for the case critiqued the election law's  ``attempt to lower barriers to political competition to increase the  range of voter choice.'' It read: ``[T]he attempt to open access for  the many necessarily involves limiting the power of the few to exercise  rights of speech and association protected by the Constitution.''   This interest in protecting the ``power of the few'' aligns exactly  with Powell's secret chamber memo about corporate power and aligns with  Powell's own notes, which have more of his disparaging quotation marks  questioning some of the briefs filed in the Valeo case that ``identify  one of the `evils' as the power of `the wealthy few' (undefined but  obviously unworthy people) to influence elections unduly.'' In tone and  import, that comes right out of Powell's secret chamber report, which  counted on the power of the corporate few.   Powell's Richmond history, his corporate law practice, his social  position, his boardroom experience, and his anxiety about upheaval all  align with a corporate worldview that society's decisions should be  made by the sort of people in corporate boardrooms, so the power of  those ``few'' had to be protected, to battle against what his report  called the ``broad attack'' both on the ``American free enterprise  system'' and the ``American political system of democracy under the  rule of law.'' Particularly important it was to protect that power  when, as he had written to the chamber, the trouble is ``deep'' and the  ``hour is late.''   To accommodate that corporate perspective, the Court had to reach  judgments about politics. It showed itself helpless. The amateurish  political outlook of the Court in Valeo stood out in the late-added  footnote 52, which, in the interest of drawing clear lines-- ``vagueness'' being a stated concern of the Justices--exempted from  disclosure political advertisements that did not expressly advocate for  the election or defeat of a candidate using magic words like ``vote  for,'' ``vote against,'' ``elect,'' or ``defeat.''   In the Court's amateur opinion, a hostile bombardment of TV  advertising challenging a candidate's morals, decency, or integrity, or  attacking the candidate's alignment with the community's values, and  dropped on the candidate in the heat of election season with the  intention of defeating the candidate, was not deemed advocacy in the  election--unless it used those magic words. The idiocy of that premise  is obvious to anyone in politics.   The Court's amateurish folly about political spending extended to  presuming that spending by a powerful interest for a candidate would  create no risk of corruption; that the spending and the resulting  influence could be kept separate and independent. That is idiotic in  real life.   When a powerful political interest starts signaling that it will  spend enormous sums to support candidates, guess what--candidates will  find a way to take advantage, perhaps by attracting the spending to  their own side by the positions they take or perhaps by avoiding taking  positions that would send the spending to their opponent's side. The  Court presumed that some etiquette would separate interest from  candidate, but that was folly. It is blindingly naive to think that  politics would produce no workarounds, that no coordination or  signaling or intermediaries would violate whatever etiquette of  independence the Court had in mind.   As we know, information travels fast in politics, never mind the  etiquette. Drop a rock in a stream, and the stream flows around it. Put  eager candidates and enormous interested spenders together, and trouble  will follow, as it has. Look no further than the corruption of American  politics on climate change by the fossil fuel industry. Again, this was  idiocy from amateurs.   But the Valeo folly accomplished one thing: It opened the lane for  unlimited special interest spending to come into elections to support  or oppose candidates, just as Powell's secret memo had recommended.   The next opportunity for Powell came 2 years later, and this, time it  involved not just the type of political activity corporations would  likely undertake but corporations directly.   Massachusetts had banned corporate campaign contributions from  statewide political referenda. A Massachusetts bank, the First National  Bank of Boston, objected and sued. Frank Bellotti was then the  Commonwealth's attorney general and defendant.    First National Bank of Boston v. Bellotti wound its way up to the  Supreme Court. Here, the question was the very right of corporations to  influence popular elections--in this case, a  [[Page S3996]]  referendum election. In a 5-to-4 decision, Powell wrote for the  Republican-appointed majority that corporations had a constitutional  right to engage in that political activity.   This outcome can't be found in the Constitution, which provides no  political role whatsoever to corporations, but this outcome aligned  precisely with the recommendations of Powell's secret report to the  chamber. Indeed, it was the heart of his pitch to the chamber. His  entire secret plan for corporate political power would fall apart if  States could bar corporate influence from elections, even referendum  elections. Powell had urged in his secret report that corporate  interests not have ``the slightest hesitation to press vigorously in  all political arenas'' and that corporations should show no  ``reluctance to penalize politically those who oppose [them].''  Corporations could never ``press vigorously'' or ``penalize  politically'' if they could be kept out of elections, and so Bellotti  was decided.   Paired with Valeo, the Bellotti case established that corporations  had a constitutional right to engage in elections--at least referendum  elections--with as much money as they wanted, or at least as much money  as they could raise, so long as the election spending was not in the  form of campaign contributions.   Ultimately, this laid the framework for the infamous Citizens United  decision, another bare, 5-to-4 Republican majority that gave in this  case corporate interests a full constitutional right to unlimited  political spending and, as a practical matter, to unlimited anonymous  political spending.   How, in Bellotti, did they get around a Constitution that provides  corporations no political rights? The trick used was to focus on the  message, not the messenger--completely overlook that it was a  corporation, not a person. The Court said that corporate political  spending was actually speech, that influencing a popular referendum was  the ``type of speech'' at the heart of representative democracy, and  that the public had a right to hear it. The fact that corporations are  not people and, indeed, that they have advantages over real people in  electioneering and, indeed, that they might even come to dominate  popular democracy because of those advantages was overlooked by  directing attention to the speech, not the speaker.   If the type of speech was relevant to the public debate, Powell said,  it doesn't matter whether a corporation or a person says it--except  every piece of this is wrong. Money is not speech. Corporations are not  people. And looking at the message, not the messenger, would allow any  entity's message into our politics, even foreign ones. Then add in  anonymity, and the problem goes toxic, as we now see in our country  today. ``We the People'' becomes ``We the Hidden Anything With Money.''   The last case for Powell was Federal Election Commission v.  Massachusetts Citizens for Life in 1986. Here, the question was whether  an advocacy group of precisely the kind Powell had in mind in the  chamber memo was forbidden to spend its corporate treasury funds in a  Federal election.   Now, the situation was that Congress had blocked corporations from  using their treasury funds in Federal elections. They had to raise  money from voluntary donations; hence the corporate PACs that we have  seen that had to raise and spend their own money. The Court accepted  that corporate treasuries might give corporate voices ``an unfair  advantage in the political marketplace'' given their vast corporate  wealth and resources. But in the case before it, the Court decided that  nonprofits were different. They were designed for advocacy, and they  didn't have the same sort of treasury funds as business corporations.   Again, remember the Powell memo. Powell didn't recommend that  corporations undertake their political work directly. He had pressed  for ``organization,'' for ``joint effort.'' He had urged corporate  America to pursue ``the political power available only through united  action and national organizations.'' And guess what. The U.S. Chamber  of Commerce, the national organization to which Powell had delivered  his secret recommendations, was a nonprofit corporation.   In his years on the Court, Lewis Powell made good on the secret  recommendations that he had made to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 5  months before joining the Court. He showed that ``an activist-minded  Supreme Court''--his words--could be that ``important instrument for  social, economic and political change''--his words--that he had  proposed. He opened a lane for unlimited money into politics, enabling  what his secret report had called ``the scale of financing available  only through joint effort.'' He bulldozed aside bars on corporate  spending and politics so corporations could deploy, just as his report  had urged, ``whatever degree of pressure--publicly and privately--may  be necessary.'' And he allowed advocacy organizations to spend their  treasuries in politics, opening the way for the ``organization,''  ``joint effort,'' and ``united action'' he had called for in his report  through ``national organizations.''   All the key pieces were in place to unleash the corporate influence  machine that he had recommended to the chamber, influence that  dominates much of American politics today, influence that controls much  of what we do in the Senate Chamber today, and in which, of all things,  the chamber, which was his client for the secret report, is today the  apex predator of corporate influence, red in tooth and claw.   Everything was aligned for what Powell had recommended: corporate  ``political power,'' ``assiduously cultivated,'' ``used aggressively  and with determination,'' with ``no hesitation to attack,'' ``not the  slightest hesitation to press vigorously in all political arenas,'' and  no ``reluctance to penalize politically those who oppose.''   It is a dark achievement, but it is quite an achievement. And,  interestingly, Powell's official biography frames out his judicial  career without mentioning his role as the early orchestrator of  corporate political influence in American politics. It is actually  likely his most significant and lasting legacy.   To be continued.   I yield the floor.   