 Madam Speaker, I rise, a proud defender of our rights as  guaranteed in the Second Amendment.   Ever since I was a little boy, my grandfather taught me the right way  to handle a gun. I have loved the outdoors and appreciate the freedom  that comes from our Second Amendment.   As an adult, I came to understand the Second Amendment is the right  that allows us to defend all of our other rights. Unfortunately, the  Biden administration has declared war on the Second Amendment. In just  the past 6 months, the President and my colleagues across the aisle  have pushed  [[Page H3228]]  numerous gun control policies that would have zero impact on violence  but threaten law-abiding citizens.   The most recent example is a proposed rule from the ATF to impose a  new tax and ban on stabilizing braces. This proposed regulation  jeopardizes the right of law-abiding gun owners, including disabled  combat veterans who rely on these braces. In fact, these braces were  invented to assist disabled veterans.   Should this rule go into effect, a disabled veteran who has chosen  the best brace for their disability is now breaking the law unless they  turn in or destroy the firearm, destroy the brace, or pay a $200 tax.  This radical policy could make millions of law-abiding citizens into  felons overnight.   Recently, I led 140 Members of Congress to call on the ATF to  withdraw that regulation. Forty-eight Senators also joined this effort,  and we are united in pushing back against this extreme gun control  agenda. Moms and dads, sons and daughters, and, yes, disabled  veterans--every law-abiding American should have the right to protect  themselves and exercise their rights as enshrined in our Constitution.   That is why I have also been a leader on expanding concealed carry  reciprocity across our country. As the author of H.R. 38, the Concealed  Carry Reciprocity Act, I am working to ensure law-abiding concealed  carry permit holders do not become criminals when they cross an  invisible State line. It is common sense. Due, in part, to rising crime  sweeping our Nation, legal gun ownership has reached record highs,  making H.R. 38 needed now more than ever. These millions of Americans  looking to defend themselves and their families deserve to have their  rights respected and protected.   Madam Speaker, I agree with my colleagues who say we must do more to  protect our schools and our communities, but the answer is never taking  guns away from law-abiding citizens. It is supporting good police  officers, hardening our schools, building on the STOP School Violence  Act, and investing in mental healthcare. These are all accomplishments  of the last Republican House majority.   I hope my colleagues across the aisle will work with me to build on  these solutions which should be overwhelmingly bipartisan. Together, we  can make real change without dismantling the Second Amendment.   Madam Speaker, I thank Representative  Andrew Clyde for his  leadership on defending our Second Amendment, and for hosting this  excellent Special Order tonight.   