 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge unanimous support  for H. Res. 398, recognizing the 100th anniversary of the 1921 Tulsa  Race Massacre. As a former history teacher, I often quote George  Santayana, who said, ``Those who cannot remember the past are condemned  to repeat it.''   The Tulsa Race Massacre is a prime example of inflaming issues and  ignoring history. They both significantly lead to the inability and  failure to learn the lessons that history can teach us.   It was the inflammatory reporting of the chance encounter of a young  Black man, Dick Rowland, and a young White elevator operator, Sarah  Page, that ignited one of the deadliest episodes of racial violence in  our Nation's history.   On May 31, 1921, the Tulsa Tribune newspaper printed the headline,  and I am quoting here, ``Nab Negro for Attacking Girl in Elevator,''  and the same edition included a report of a White mob's plan to lynch  Rowland. The newspaper account was based on false claims that Mr.  Rowland sexually assaulted the White woman, and is cited as the spark  that incited a mob to burn and loot 35 blocks in the Black Greenwood  neighborhood of Tulsa and kill an estimated 300 people. Greenwood was  known at the time as Black Wall Street due to its status as one of the  most prosperous African-American communities in the country.   The devastation wrought by the mob, many of whom had been deputized  and armed by local officials, took the lives and livelihoods of many in  the Greenwood community. It caused irreparable damage to so many Black  families who never received justice for their losses.   This horrific incident was erased from collective memory when the  Tulsa Tribune destroyed all original copies of the May 31, 1921,  edition of the newspaper and removed all copies from their archives.  Scholars later discovered that police and State militia archives about  the riot were missing as well.   We cannot overcome the issues of race that have troubled our Nation  since its inception by ignoring the failings of our past. To repair our  faults, our country must acknowledge past mistakes and work to ensure  that we don't repeat them.  [[Page H2478]]        