 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the  Senate amendment to this payoff package.   According to the Treasury, at the end of 2020, $46 billion provided  to States in the CARES Act pandemic relief funding remained unspent.  And this payoff package provides them an additional $360 billion.   The partisan formula used will direct hundreds of millions more to  liberal States like California and New York. That is because the  formula is determined by the State's population of unemployed people.  States that enacted stricter lockdowns with the heavy hand of  government saw higher unemployment rates and, therefore, will get more  money.   I will also highlight the racist socially disadvantaged farmers and  ranchers provision. This provision should be a clear violation of the  Civil Rights Act of 1964, and I call on the Department of Justice to  investigate it if it becomes law. It is shameful and, in my opinion,  illegal. I cannot justify conditioning relief based on race and  ethnicity. This is not equality under the law. Federal aid dollars  should be colorblind, and this bill puts the Federal Government in a  precarious position.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this relief  package.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to stand against H.R. 8.   This bill would make it a crime to transfer a firearm from one  individual to another without a Federal firearms licensee overseeing  the transfer and conducting a background check on the prospective  buyer. While there are limited exceptions to this bill, in this bill it  does nothing to address how violent criminals actually obtain firearms,  nor does the bill make it harder for them to obtain a firearm. That is  because criminals don't follow the law. That is why they are called  criminals.   So by making these types of changes to the law, the bill does nothing  to prohibit guns from ending up in the hands of criminals. Instead, it  does everything possible to make it harder for law-abiding citizens to  exercise their Second Amendment rights.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on H.R. 8.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1446, and  in defense of the constitutional right to bear arms.   This right does not come with caveats, asterisks, or exceptions. It  exists to make sure that the freedom to keep and bear arms is not  unjustly infringed upon by the government.   It is the government that has the legal burden of explaining why it  is restricting the natural rights of the citizen. H.R. 1446 would  reverse that burden and require the law-abiding American to petition  for the right to bear arms if they don't hear back from government  after 10 business days, 7 more than the current law provides.   In response to this unconstitutional action, I will introduce a bill  to allow a Federal firearms licensee to transfer a purchased firearm to  a legitimate buyer within 3 calendar days of contacting the National  Instant Criminal Background Check System, as opposed to the current  law, which requires 3 State government business days.   As a Federal firearms licensee myself, I saw firsthand during the  pandemic how the closure of State government offices across the country  easily infringed upon our right keep and bear arms. With these offices  closed, or purported closed, 3 business days can turn into weeks and  even months before a firearm transfer is allowed to be completed by  government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 1446.   