 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate a win for the  country. Today, the United States rightfully failed to advance the  ``Corrupt Politicians Act,'' meaning that this bill will not come to  the Senate floor for a final vote. This is a huge win for the citizens  of the United States. This is a huge win for democracy, and it is a  huge win for the integrity of our elections.   The ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' is the most dangerous legislation we  considered in the Senate in the 9 years I served in this body. It is an  attempt by Senate Democrats at a brazen power grab. It is an attempt by  Democrats to federalize elections and to ensure that Democrats won't  lose control for the next 100 years.   This bill isn't about protecting the right to vote. It is precisely  the opposite. It is about taking away the right to vote from the  citizens and giving it instead to the corrupt politicians in Washington  who want to stay in power.   The ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' would strike down virtually every  commonsense voter integrity law adopted by States across the country.  Thirty-six States have adopted voter ID laws, a reasonable and  commonsense step to protect the integrity of elections that over 70  percent of Americans support and over 60 percent of African Americans  support. In fact, recent polling now shows support for voter ID at over  80 percent, thanks, no doubt, to the relentless assault to voter ID  mounted by Senate Democrats. The ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' would  repeal the vast majority of these voter ID laws.   Likewise, 31 States prohibit ballot harvesting, the corrupt practice  of paying political operatives to collect other people's ballots. What  would the ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' do? It would strike down all of  those laws in 31 States and would mandate ballot harvesting nationwide.  It would mean that paid political operatives from the Democratic  National Committee could go to nursing homes and collect votes--some of  those votes, no doubt, from individuals who may be no longer competent  to make a decision. The reason 31 States have acted to ban ballot  harvesting is it invites voter fraud. An unscrupulous operative can  fill out the ballot for a senior citizen who no longer has the capacity  to make a decision, and if that senior citizen has the temerity to vote  in a way the operative doesn't like, there is nothing to prevent the  operative from throwing that ballot in the mail and simply not sending  it in, only sending in the ballots that happen to comply with their own  political preference. If you care even one whit about election  integrity, striking down every prohibition on ballot harvesting is  precisely the wrong step to take.   The ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' would also automatically register to  vote anyone who comes in contact with the government. So if you get a  welfare check, you get an unemployment check, you get a driver's  license, you go to a State college or State university, you are  automatically registered to vote. What is the problem with that? The  problem with that, as the authors of the bill know, is that would  register millions of illegal aliens to vote. Millions of illegal aliens  come into contact with the government, and automatic registration is  designed to register millions of illegal aliens.   How do we know this? We know this, among other things, because the  bill explicitly immunizes the State officials who would be registering  illegal aliens to vote. It grants a safe harbor and says, when you  illegally register illegal aliens, you will have no liability. If you  care about the integrity of elections, registering millions of illegal  aliens to dilute and steal the votes of legal American citizens is  exactly the opposite way to go.   Not only that, many States have reasonable restrictions on felons and  on criminals voting. What does the ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' do? It  strikes all of those down and instead mandates that all felons should  be allowed to vote--murderers, rapists, child molesters all allowed to  vote because Democrats have made the cynical calculation that if  millions of illegal aliens are allowed to vote and millions of  criminals and felons are allowed to vote, that those individuals are  likely to vote Democrat and Democrats want to stay in power.   The bill also prevents States from correcting voter rolls and from  removing people who passed away. You can't go in when someone's dead  and say, you know, dead people shouldn't be voting. No, this bill  mandates: Leave the dead people on the rolls--another step designed to  invite fraud.   Moreover, the ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' is welfare for politicians.  This bill is designed to give hundreds of millions of dollars every  year to corrupt incumbent politicians to keep them in power. It  matches, for contributions under $200, 6 to 1 Federal funds so that the  Members of this body would receive, collectively, over a billion  dollars in Federal funds to stay in power. That is great if you are a  corrupt politician who wants to prevent a challenger from ever  defeating you. And if you want to prevent the voters from making a  different choice, then you flood  [[Page S4688]]  them with Federal funds to make it so you can't beat corrupt  incumbents, but that is not what you do if you want to protect the  right to vote.    This bill is brazen. It is so brazen that the joke really is admitted  in one provision of the bill. The Federal Election Commission was  created in the wake of Watergate, designed to protect integrity in our  elections. It was, from the beginning, designed to be bipartisan--three  Republicans, three Democrats--because Congress recognized that a  partisan Federal Election Commission would be deeply injurious to our  democracy, that to have a Federal Election Commission with any  integrity, it needed to be bipartisan, which means you needed a  bipartisan majority to act in order to ensure that neither party  weaponizes the Federal election laws.   What does the ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' do? It turns the Federal  Election Commission into a partisan body, shifts it from three  Republicans and three Democrats to three Democrats and two Republicans.  It turns it into an arm of the Democratic Senate Committee, in effect.  Nothing in this bill is as cynical as that provision. We are in a 50-50  Senate. We have close elections in this race.   The Presiding Officer is a sophisticated political player. I want you  to ask for a second, in a close election, in the weeks before the  election, if the Senate majority leader had the ability to launch  investigations from the Federal Election Commission, to bring  prosecutions from the Federal Election Commission to sue the political  opponents of the majority, how much would that invite abuse?   I understand right now Democrats are in power of both Houses of  Congress and the White House. Power can be intoxicating. But I do want  to point out it wasn't that long ago that the Presiding Officer and I  were both in this body--4 years ago--when there was a Republican  President and a Republican House and a Republican Senate. You didn't  see the Republican majority try anything as brazen as the ``Corrupt  Politicians Act.'' You didn't see a Republican majority trying to rig  the game, trying to change the rules so that Republicans could never be  defeated in the next election. You didn't see the Republican majority  trying to turn the Federal Election Commission into a partisan weapon.   I ask you, what level of comfort would you have as an elected  Democrat if Mitch McConnell had control of the Federal Election  Commission, if it were Republican partisan agents? I think you would be  entirely justified in being concerned that it would be used as a  political weapon to hurt you. Your last election was a relatively close  election. Imagine 2 weeks before the election if a Republican Federal  Election Commission had mounted a sweeping investigation in the massive  campaign finance violations by the incumbent Senator who happened to be  of the party that was out of power. You would rightly feel that it was  grotesquely unfair; yet that is what every Senate Democrat just voted  to create.   You know, the most pernicious aspect of this bill has been the racial  demagoguery that it has invited. We have heard the Senate majority  leader invoke, in booming terms, specters from our sorry history of  racial discrimination in the past. The Senate majority leader has used  the phrase ``Jim Crow 2.0'' repeatedly--as has the President of the  United States, as has the Vice President of the United States-- deliberately inflaming racial tensions, suggesting that laws,  commonsense voter integrity laws in States like Georgia and Texas,  things like requiring voter ID or requiring signature verification on  absentee ballots, are somehow a modern manifestation of Jim Crow. That  is a grotesque lie.   The majority leader knows that. The President of the United States  knows that. The Vice President of the United States knows--they know  they are lying. But, ironically, they inadvertently said something that  is accurate about this piece of legislation. Jim Crow legislation was  grotesque and ugly. It was legislation that was drafted, without  exception, by Democratic politicians. Jim Crow was written by  Democratic politicians, and its purpose, when the Jim Crow laws were  written, were to prevent the voters from ever voting out of office  Democratic politicians. It is one of the ugliest chapters of our  Nation's history. And thankfully, we repudiated Jim Crow.   Well, the majority leader used the phrase ``Jim Crow 2.0,'' and  inadvertently, he is right, but not about what he is describing. He is  right about the ``Corrupt Politicians Act.'' The ``Corrupt Politicians  Act'' follows the exact same pattern that Jim Crow did. It is partisan  legislation, written by elected Democrats, designed to keep elected  Democrats in office and to steal the right to vote from the citizenry  to decide on somebody else. Democracy is too important for that.   And the kind of cynical racial demagoguery that we have seen around  this bill, while ignoring the substance of it--and I will point out the  media has been eager to ignore the substance of it. The media says:  Should we protect the right to vote? Yes, we should protect the right  to vote.   This bill takes away your right to vote. This bill is designed to  prevent the voters from choosing to throw the bums out--the most  fundamental right of any voter to throw the bums out, whether they are  one side or the other side. We the people have sovereignty, and this  bill, the ``Corrupt Politicians Act'' was designed to take that power  from the people and give it to the politicians in Washington.   So today was a victory. It was a victory for the American people. It  was a victory for democracy. It was a victory for the Constitution. And  it was a victory for the rule of law.   I yield the floor.   