 Madam Speaker, I urge all Members, on a bipartisan basis,  to support this amendment.   When reviewing H.R. 1 as introduced this Congress, I noticed it was  missing several ethics provisions that were included in the bill last  Congress when Donald Trump was President. But now that Joe Biden is  President, those ethics provisions conveniently disappeared.   What was missing from this updated version of H.R. 1 were the  following provisions:   Requirements that Presidential transition teams disclose a list of  all positions each transition team member held outside the Federal  Government for the previous 12-month period, including paid and unpaid  positions.   Requirements that Presidential transition teams disclose sources of  compensation for each transition team member exceeding $5,000 a year  for the previous 12-month period.   And a requirement that the head of the Federal department or agency,  or their designee, shall not permit access to the Federal department or  agency, or employees of such department or agency, that would not be  provided to a member of the public for any transition team member who  does not make the required prior employment and conflicts of interest  disclosures.   It is clear the absence of these provisions was pure politics, but my  amendment adds those provisions back since what is good for a  Republican President is good for a Democrat President or his or her  administration.   Ethical principles are supposed to be universal. They are supposed to  apply equally. And this bill, that so obviously exempts one political  party from ethics rules, is not itself ethical. Many Democrats should  vote for this amendment since it restores what Democrats proposed in  the last Congress. We took the exact language and included it in this  bill.   If this bill had gone through regular order and had been marked up in  a committee, we could have addressed these discrepancies at the  committee level instead of imposing this extended amendment process on  the whole House. But this bill did not go through regular order, and so  I offered this amendment at the Committee on Rules. This amendment  restores to the bill ethics provisions that were originally intended to  apply for President Trump and his advisers but were dropped from the  bill for President Biden's administration.   Applying ethics rules to one political party but not another is  wrong. The Committee on Rules, to their credit, took a step toward  correcting this wrong by making this evenhanded amendment in order.  Now, it remains for the full House to pass this amendment and to show  its agreement on a bipartisan basis that ethics rules should apply  equally.   Madam Speaker, I urge all members to join me in supporting the Comer  amendment No. 18 in en bloc No. 2.   