 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to  division A, which provides critical funding for the Office of Labor- Management Standards, OLMS, at the Department of Labor.   OLMS is vital to protecting the rights of workers in the workplace  and ensuring labor-management transparency and financial integrity in  our Nation's labor unions.   Unfortunately, House Democrats have chosen to underfund the agency  since taking the majority, resulting in diminished staffing levels and  significantly impacting the types of work accomplished in the field and  throughout the agency. Sadly, the appropriations package we are  considering today continues this trend by once again underfunding the  office.   My amendment would simply increase the funding to be in line with  President Biden's budget request. In the President's request, the  Department noted that funding was necessary to restore OLMS' ability to  provide unionized workers with the protections they are entitled under  LMRDA.   Protecting the paychecks of hardworking union members is my priority,  and I hope it is the priority of my colleagues as well.   Additionally, I rise to support my amendment to division E, which  addresses two of the most serious public health concerns affecting  Michigan and the Great Lakes States. PFAS contamination and harmful  algal blooms have wreaked serious damage in our rivers, streams, lakes,  and, ultimately, drinking water.    Many States like mine have been aggressively testing, tracking, and  working to combat PFAS for years. But there is still much more we don't  know about these chemicals, and it will take collaboration from  Federal, State, and local officials to prevent future exposure, protect  the public health, and ensure the safety of our drinking water.   At the same time, harmful algal blooms, HABs, affect marine, coastal,  estuarine, and freshwater systems in all 50 States and are particularly  prevalent in the Great Lakes. These toxic blooms harm human health and  cause several billion dollars in economic losses each year.   My amendment supports investments in science, research, and  management to increase our capacity to detect and prevent HABs and PFAS  throughout the country.   I urge my colleagues to support these important amendments.   