 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Texas, my friend, Mr. Arrington, for hosting this Special Order, it is  an extraordinarily important topic.   Here is another angle on it. Tomorrow, on the floor of this House,  Democrats will pass two mass amnesty bills, H.R. 6 and H.R. 1603.  Consider that at the very time Democrats are bringing these amnesty  bills to the floor, what promises to be the largest surge of illegal  immigration on the southern border in at least 20 years, is building  toward an unknown climax. The Biden administration has precipitated a  humanitarian crisis so big that even they can no longer deny it.   Less than 2 months after terminating President Trump's declaration of  an emergency on the border, Secretary Mayorkas of the Department of  Homeland Security, has been constrained to send FEMA, the Federal  Emergency Management Agency, to facilitate the Nation's response to  this crisis.   Today, in the Committee on Homeland Security, I asked Secretary  Mayorkas about the deliberate and absurd rhetoric used by the  administration: Come, but don't come now.   I was unable to secure from Secretary Mayorkas a straightforward  acknowledgment that it is always wrong to incite migrants to enter the  United States illegally.   And, amazingly, when I asked the Secretary whether he and the Biden  administration had been expected or were surprised by the crisis that  is now blooming on the southern border, he was caught off guard. He  said he had no expectation whatsoever. I couldn't believe it, and I  don't think the American people can believe it.    Just like the Biden administration's rhetoric, these bills signal  economic migrants that if they make the dangerous trek through Central  America and Mexico, they will be met with amnesty, taxpayer-funded  healthcare, housing, and anything else you can think of.   Whether it is gutting the migrant protection protocols, otherwise  known as ``remain in Mexico,'' and stopping border wall construction,  the administration's message to migrants is clear: Come. Take your  lives in your hands, brave the gangs, the coyotes, the smugglers, take  the risk of sexual abuse. Come.   Today, the Democrats are augmenting that clear-as-day message with  more promises of amnesty, and that will be the bills tomorrow, which  everyone here know will fuel more illegal migration.   Let's face it, Democrats are committed to a regime of open borders,  where any person from anywhere in the world has a right to enter the  U.S. for any reason, even if that means migrants are assaulted or  killed on their way to the border. And Democrats feel better about  themselves. They assume a superior moral position by pursuing such a  policy.   It is no wonder, but apparently no cause for reflection by the Biden  administration, that the CBP very recently apprehended four individuals  on the terrorist watch list crossing the southwest border. Secretary  Mayorkas admitted that today, and then went on to say: Well, it is  nothing unusual, more or less. Amazing.   I have heard some of my friends on the other side of the aisle  complain that Republicans are not offering solutions.   Let me offer three: End all talk of amnesty. Reinstate the migrant  protection protocols that provide more for their safety than the policy  does now articulate. And finish building the wall. Let's resume a  responsible border policy. Let's consider, for once, the interests of  the American people.   