 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, a little more than 2 months ago, America  performed an extraordinary feat. Under some of the most trying  circumstances in our history, our fellow citizens conducted a free and  fair election, vindicating our Founders' belief once again, that we  were capable of self government and a peaceful transition of power.   On November 3, the American people chose Joe Biden to be their next  President by an enormous margin. The successful conduct of that  election, among the most secure in American history, was not an  accident. It was the result of the dedicated work of thousands of  volunteers, canvassers, poll workers, electors, and State and local  election officials.   When the conduct of any State election was challenged, the courts,  through judges appointed by Democrats and those appointed by  Republicans, heard unsubstantiated claims of fraud, found they had no  merit, and said so.   But most important, the American people persevered. In the midst of  the worst pandemic in a century, America had one of the most impressive  elections in a century, with historic voter turnout.   Our fellow citizens did their civic duty. The question we face today  is: Will we do ours?   That we are here, with a substantial number of our Members seeking to  overturn an election is remarkable, tragic, and all too predictable,  for it is the natural result of a locomotive set in motion months ago  with a myth. For weeks and weeks, before, during, and after our  election, a dangerous falsehood was propagated: That our election would  be marred by massive fraud.   Never mind it was the same election which brought the very men and  women to this Chamber who would challenge its results. What value has  consistency when measured against ambition?   A former Senator from Georgia, remarking on a contested election over  a century ago, said: ``Able men, learned men, distinguished men, great  men in the eyes of the nation, seemed intent only on accomplishing a  party triumph, without regard to the consequences to the country. That  is human nature. That is,'' he said, ``unfortunately, party nature.''   Was he right?   We stand in a House which was once the place of giants. Have we  become so small? Does our oath to uphold the Constitution, taken just  days ago, mean so very little?   I think not. I believe, to quote our dear departed friend, Elijah  Cummings, that we are better than that. I think Elijah would be proud  that the debate here today is not between Democrats and Republicans,  and that some Republicans, including the Republican leader of the  Senate, remain devoted to the principle that we are a nation of laws,  not individuals, let alone a single individual.   It may seem unfair to the new Members who have only just taken the  oath for the first time, that they should be so soon tested with one of  the most consequential votes they may cast, no matter how long they  serve. But it is so, and none of us can shrink from that  responsibility. Nor can we console ourselves with the intoxicating  fiction that we can break that oath without consequence because doing  so will not succeed in overturning the election. An oath is no less  broken when the breaking fails to achieve its end.   We must be mindful that any who seek to overturn an election will do  injury to our Constitution, whatever the result. For just as the  propagation of that dangerous myth about this election made this moment  inevitable, our actions today will put another train in motion. This  election will not be overturned.   But what about the next? Or the one after that?   What shall we say when our democratic legacy is no more substantial  than the air, except that we brought trouble to our own house and  inherited the wind?   This isn't the first time we have had a contentious election, and it  won't be the last. In 1800, John Adams lost a closely contested  election to Thomas  [[Page H80]]  Jefferson, in the first peaceful transition of power from one party to  another in our history. Adams was hardly pleased with the result,  choosing to skip the inaugural activities, but he did what leaders are  required to do in a democratic government when they lose. He went home.  He went home.   Jefferson would later refer to his victory as the Revolution of 1800,  but marveled that the Revolution had occurred ``by the rational and  peaceful instruments of reform, the suffrage of the people.''   It has never been our place to overturn an election, and if we hope  to remain a democracy, it never will be.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition.    Madam Speaker, 80 years ago today, Franklin Roosevelt  delivered his third inaugural address. ``Every realist knows,'' he  said, ``that the democratic way of life at this moment is being  directly assailed in every part of the world--assailed either by arms,  or by the secret spreading of poisonous propaganda by those who would  seek to destroy unity and promote discord in nations still at peace.''   Today, the principal threat to our democracy comes from a different  but also poisonous propaganda of those who seek to destroy our unity  and promote discord.   According to this propaganda, America cannot conduct a free or fair  election. Our elections are rigged and doomed.   According to this propaganda, the voters can no longer decide who  shall be President. The Congress must decide for them.   At a time when our Nation faces an unprecedented health crisis, with  thousands dying every day, with Americans struggling to put food on the  table and keep a roof over their head, who are we to say that the man  America chose to lead us out of this calamity shall not take office?   The coronavirus will claim more American lives than all of the  casualties in World War II. To meet that moment will require unity, not  discord; will require an abiding faith in our country, in our  democracy, in our government's ability to function and provide for the  needs of its citizens.   The Members of this body cannot continue to challenge the merits of  an election that was fairly conducted and overwhelmingly won by Joe  Biden. It must stop.   Look at the damage that was wrought in this House today, to this  country today. Is that not enough?   Roosevelt said: ``This Nation has placed its destiny in the hands and  heads and hearts of its millions of free men and women. . . . Our  strength,'' he concluded ``is our unity of purpose.''   Let us unite once again in defense of the greatest hope of freedom- loving people around the world, this precious democracy.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin).   