 Mr. President, what is the status of the floor?    Mr. President, I rise today in support of my colleague  in the New Mexico congressional delegation, my Representative in the  House of Representatives, and President Joe Biden's nominee for  Secretary of Interior, Congresswoman Deb Haaland.   Congresswoman Haaland is a member of the Pueblo of Laguna. She is  what we like to call in New Mexico a 35th-generation New Mexican.   As many have noted, she will make history as the first-ever Native  American Cabinet Secretary, something that, frankly, should have  happened a long, long time ago in this country.   Deb also has lived experience--as a single mother, as a small  business owner, as a Tribal administrator--experiences that will serve  her well and bring real representation to President Joe Biden's  Cabinet.   She grew up in a military family. Her father was a decorated Marine  combat veteran, and her mother is a Navy veteran. She grew up like a  lot of kids with parents in the military, moving frequently, actually  attending 13 different public schools over the course of her childhood.   Before being elected to Congress, she owned her own business, she was  the chair of the board of a tribally owned business, and also served as  Tribal administrator for the Pueblo of San Felipe.   Thanks to all of that experience, Congresswoman Haaland knows  firsthand how the decisions that we make here in Washington, and  particularly in the Interior Department, affect communities across the  country, especially in Tribal communities and rural Western States.   As Representative of the First District of New Mexico, my former  district, Congresswoman Haaland has served as vice chair of the House  Committee on Natural Resources and the chair of the Subcommittee on  National Parks, Forests, and Public Lands, a position where she made us  very proud.   As a committee leader, she routinely demonstrated her commitment to  working across party lines.   Of all the Members of Congress newly elected in 2018, she introduced  the most bills with bipartisan cosponsors. She has always shown the  ability to bring people together, something evidenced by her  introduction in our committee by Congressman   Don Young, Republican of  Alaska.   She has an open door. She has an open mind and will listen and  consult with a diverse range of stakeholders to try and build real  consensus.   I am confident that she is the leader that we need at Interior to  take on the important work of restoring our landscapes, opening up new  outdoor recreation opportunities for all Americans, and putting our  public lands to work in confronting the climate crisis that too many of  our colleagues have long ignored.   Americans want the Department of the Interior to create more  equitable access to our public lands, to stand for environmental  justice, to find real solutions for the climate crisis, to protect  wildlife and clean water, and support rural economic development.   Many of us here in this body--in the Senate--demonstrated just last  year, when we passed the historic and bipartisan Great American  Outdoors Act, that making conservation and outdoor recreation a key  part of our national economic recovery is a goal that has the ability  to unite us all, Republicans and Democrats.   Implementation of that new law will allow us to put many Americans  back to work repairing our campgrounds, repairing our trail systems,  building new visitor centers, and Congresswoman Haaland is eager to  lead that work.   She is also uniquely qualified to help us restore the Department of  the Interior's nation-to-nation relationship with Tribal nations and to  help Indian Country recover and rebuild from COVID-19.   The Interior Department will play a leading role in implementing  President Biden's American Rescue Plan in Indian Country. That historic  rescue package, which the Senate just passed over the weekend--and I  would point out did not have a single Republican vote--includes more  than $31 billion in emergency support for Indian Country.  [[Page S1487]]    Let me put that in perspective. That represents the single greatest  investment in Indian Country in American history--in American history.    This emergency support is desperately needed in Tribal communities.  Over the past year, American Indians and Alaska Natives infected by  COVID-19 have been hospitalized at a rate four times higher than White  Americans and have died from the disease at nearly twice the rate. That  is not just some statistic. I know firsthand because of the people I  know and have lost in Indian Country.   On top of these unacceptable public health outcomes, Tribal  communities have also been disproportionately impacted by the  educational and economic devastation of this past year--the lack of  broadband, for example.   These disparities reflect the persistent inequities that are the  direct result of decades of chronic underinvestment by Congress in  Indian Country. That is why the American Rescue Plan includes $20  billion in emergency funds for Tribal governments that have taken on  enormous, unprecedented costs to protect the health and safety of their  members. It also includes billions of dollars of investment in Indian  Country to expand access to healthcare, education, transportation,  housing, and even essentials that many of us just take for granted,  things like broadband, like internet, like electricity or water.   The Senate urgently needs to take up Congresswoman Haaland's  nomination to lead the Department of the Interior so that Tribes will  finally have the partner they need in effectively implementing the  American Rescue Plan and to help them steer their communities out of  this perilous moment.   Finally, it is unfortunate, frankly, that this needs to be said, but  I do need to take a moment to address characterizations of  Congresswoman Haaland that were raised by some of my colleagues in the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee that were neither accurate nor,  frankly, appropriate to the kind of debate that we have in that  committee.   I was disappointed by the tenor of the debate in our committee, as  some of my colleagues described Congresswoman Haaland as ``radical'' or  as ``extreme'' for holding policy views that fall well within the  mainstream and fairly represent many of her constituents--I would say  the vast majority of her constituents.   As a westerner, Congresswoman Haaland well understands that  confronting the climate crisis, not denying it, and transforming our  economy will not come without costs. We need to be honest about that.  That is especially true for fossil fuel workers, including many of our  fellow New Mexicans, who have long powered our economy and deserve our  respect and support. But we need to be thorough on the details and  thoughtful in preparing our traditional energy communities for a  transition to the clean energy future that the market has already told  us is coming--is here--and we need to be honest with them.   I am absolutely certain that Congresswoman Haaland will be a true  partner to Western States like New Mexico, Alaska, Colorado, Montana,  and Wyoming as we navigate this challenging transition.   As we confront the climate crisis that is already an existential  threat to our land and water resources and the communities that depend  on those resources in the West, we must diversify our economy. We must  invest in those communities and remain a global leader in producing and  exporting energy.   Despite the objections that have been raised against her nomination  and the holds that have unfairly held up her confirmation, I am  confident in Congresswoman Haaland's commitment to work with every  single one of us on these pressing challenges, and I am eager for the  Senate to finally take up Congresswoman Haaland's confirmation so that  she can get to work protecting our natural heritage for future  generations.   I yield the floor.   