 Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  organizing this important topic of conversation.   I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for recognizing the law  enforcement officers in her home State, much like the rest of our  States, who put their lives on the line every single day to defend us,  to protect our communities.   This is an important week, obviously, for law enforcement. I think it  is germane to the point that my friend from Colorado is making about  canceling because this whole notion of canceling isn't just about  corporations; it is not just about technology; it is not just about  Amazon; it is not just about Twitter and Facebook. It is about  canceling the very people who are, like our friend from North Carolina  was just talking about, these law enforcement officers--canceling  police officers, canceling law enforcement, canceling those who are  standing up and defending us every single day.   We hear it. I had a little girl in my home district in Austin who  wrote a project for her school in which she was outlining how she was  upset about how her father, her dad, who is a police officer, was being  treated and how, when he would come home, he was despondent a little  bit about the day because our law enforcement officers are being  harassed, targeted, criticized, mocked, defunded.   This is purposeful. This is happening every single day. We are  literally working to cancel law enforcement.   In Austin, Texas, they defunded police $150 million. Now, we have  seen a 50 percent spike in homicides. There are homeless encampments  all across the streets. We have 1999 levels of funding for the police  department for a city that has grown by leaps and bounds since then.   This canceling of law enforcement leaves us at risk, and it  undermines the very security of our communities. But it is real, and it  is happening in real-time.   Twenty major cities have cut police budgets. $1.7 billion has been  cut from police departments nationwide.   But it is not just law enforcement. We are talking about that here  because of my friend from North Carolina. But it is about corporations.  We are sitting here in the people's House, in front of the American  flag, and our Nation right now is increasingly run by corporations more  than the men and women who are in this body.   I mean, think about it. We hardly ever meet. We never amend. We never  debate. We never do any actual give-and-take here on the floor. We get  up and speechify a little bit.   Meanwhile, corporations are deciding who gets to get their voice  heard. Corporations are deciding, by the way, what election laws are  warranted in Georgia or Texas, venerable corporations like Coca-Cola,  Delta Air Lines, Major League Baseball.   In the United States of America, baseball has been politicized. I  can't even watch baseball with my son without having to figure out and  worry about how he is going to be viewing America because Major League  Baseball has decided it is more important to be woke and move the All- Star Game from 50 percent Black Atlanta to 10 percent Black Denver.  Why? So they can go around patting themselves on the back in Colorado  while they say: Hey, look at me. I am driving my Subaru, and I have an  Apple sticker on my car.   No offense to the gentleman from Colorado.   Is that woke?   Hank Aaron passed away this year. We could have celebrated his life  with an All-Star Game in Atlanta, Georgia, and woke corporate Major  League Baseball decides it is more important to make a statement about  election laws in Georgia, which, by the way, the proposed laws differ  very little from the laws in Colorado, as my friend from Colorado  knows.   But they wanted to make a statement through their corporate power and  their woke corporate boards that are packed with all these elite  Harvard Business School and Yale school of business types that are  going into these corporate boardrooms and trying to tell us how to live  our lives in little ole Texas or Georgia or Colorado. That is what we  face with these corporations that are trying to tell us how to live.   I appreciate my friend from Colorado giving us the time to focus on  this important issue tonight. We have to reclaim our ability to live  free in this country, and we ought to ask ourselves that question more  and more: Are we truly free with wide-open borders and half a million  apprehensions, $30 trillion in debt, and corporations telling us how to  live our lives? Are we truly free in this country? I think we ought to  ask that question over and over and over.   