 Madam President, imagine this: In one of the great  nations of the world, there is a controversy over transition of power,  the peaceful transfer of power. And in this country, those who are  about to lose power are concerned--so concerned that their backers are  turning to the streets. They plan on demonstrations against the  supposed new leadership in their country, and people fear violence.   It was against this background that Nadav Argaman, the director of  Shin Bet, Israel's internal security service, made a rare public  intervention on Saturday night, warning of discourse that is ``liable  to be interpreted by certain groups or by individuals as one that  permits violent and illegal activity that is liable, heaven forbid, to  reach mortal injury.'' Without mentioning any politicians directly, Mr.  Argaman added, ``It is our duty to come out with a clear and decisive  call to stop immediately the inciting and violent discourse. The  responsibility for calming spirits and reining in the discourse rests  on all of our shoulders.''   I bring this matter to the floor of the Senate because it parallels  what we endured and experienced just a few months ago. I am sure you  remember it well, Madam President. I do. The election last November,  which was won by Joseph Biden over Donald Trump, the incumbent  President, by some 7 million votes--one of the largest turnouts, if not  the largest turnout, in the history of the United States. It was a  decisive electoral college victory in the same margin that Trump had  triumphed over Hillary Clinton just a few years before. Yet, because of  the Big Lie and the denial by Donald Trump, he inspired his followers  to come to Washington, DC, and participate in a rally to protest, and  not to come just any day but to come on January 6, 2021, of this year  because that is when the electoral college votes would be counted.   We know what followed. We know that mob was turned loose in the  streets of Washington and turned loose on the Capitol Building, and  those who were here that day will never forget it. I can recall the  Vice President of the United States being pulled from that chair you  are sitting in, Madam President. He was taken out that door. It was  about 2:15 in the afternoon. Then a member of the Capitol Police stood  before us and warned us: Stay in your seats. This will be a safe place  to be. We are going to gather all the staff around the walls here. Just  sit tight.   Ten minutes later, he came back and said: Change of plans. The mob is  advancing on this Chamber as we speak. Leave immediately.   Everyone picked up as fast as they could and left.   It was a scene that seemed so unrealistic, you wouldn't imagine it  could happen in the Capitol of the United States of America. But the  insurrectionist mob inspired by President Donald Trump was here for  business. They were here to stop the ordinary course of business in the  Senate and the House, which would announce at the end of the day the  selection of Joseph Biden as our new President.   Now a parallel is taking place in Israel, and a new coalition to  replace Benjamin Netanyahu is being contested by those who are going to  march in the streets. The Israeli leaders--at least those in the  security services--are begging people not to do it.   I put that in context to think that that idea in the United States  somehow has taken root in Israel. I pray that nothing happens. I want  nothing to happen there. But we should be forewarned to take this  seriously. There are forces at work in the United States and Israel and  other countries to stop the orderly transfer of power in a democratic  nation. We ought to take that seriously. We ought to take it so  seriously that we appoint a bipartisan Commission to investigate what  happened here on January 6, 2021.   Just a few weeks ago, Republican Members of the House of  Representatives were dismissing the January 6th events, the mob action  here in the Capitol, and saying that they were somehow ``orderly  tourists.'' That is what one of the Congressmen said, a Congressman  from Georgia, a Republican. Those were ``orderly tourists.'' Look at  those videos and imagine under any circumstance that you would describe  them as ``orderly tourists.'' They weren't orderly tourists when you  see five people losing their lives as a result of their actions and 140  of our law enforcement officials being personally attacked, many of  them still bearing the scars of that day.  [[Page S3946]]    I bring this to the attention of the Senate and the American people  because I think the answer is obvious. Israel is taking it seriously.  They don't want a Trump-like mob to take control in their country.   We shouldn't be allowing this to happen, nor should we stop with what  we have done and say no more will be said. This was a direct attack on  our democracy. We cannot find, unfortunately, in the Republican  leadership one Republican leader who will support this idea of a  bipartisan Commission. When it comes to January 6, the job isn't  finished.   The last point I will make is, we received a letter--an anonymous  letter--from the Capitol Hill Police asking us to form this Commission  and to get to the bottom of it. To think that we walk through this  Capitol every day and those men and women are risking their lives for  us and we would not even allow a bipartisan Commission to look into  that day and the threats to the lives of those policemen on that day is  shameful. It is disgraceful. It is unacceptable.   Senator Schumer said we will vote on it again. I hope we do, and  frequently, so we can remind the American people who is taking this  matter very seriously and who is not    I announce that the Senator from Maine (Mr. King) is  necessarily absent.   