 Madam President, I rise to voice my strong support  for the confirmation of Ambassador Samantha Power to be the next  Administrator of the United States Agency for International  Development. I am confident that she brings the talent, skill, and  experience required of this office and is the right person to lead this  pivotal agency at a critical point in America's return to global  leadership.   Ambassador Power has worn many different hats throughout her sterling  career--advocate, academic, advisor, and diplomat. But that trajectory  has been propelled in large part by her time as a journalist, where she  saw the day-to-day experiences of those living in places struggling  against the tides of war, famine, genocide, and disease. She witnessed,  first-hand, the tireless efforts of USAID Foreign Service officers  working in partnership with local stakeholders to uplift and empower  communities around the world. And those early experiences seeing the  work of USAID and the challenges the agency faces continue to guide her  path.   Like Ambassador Power, I spent the early part of my career seeing  global conflict up close. As a staffer working on the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee in 1988, I travelled to Iraq after Saddam Hussein  used poison gas against the Kurdish people. It's a trip that Ambassador  Power recounts in her first book, A Problem from Hell, which won her  the Pulitzer Prize in 2003--and it's a trip that animates so much of  the work I do in the United States Senate.   The world witnessed the horrific chemical weapons attacks on the  Kurdish people in Halabja in March 1988 and later that year, together  with my colleague, Peter Galbraith, I interviewed Kurdish survivors of  other chemical attacks that followed. It was a heartrending journey  that stays with me to this day. But that experience, like Ambassador  Power's experiences in Bosnia, East Timor, Darfur, West Africa, and  elsewhere, instilled in me a sense of moral urgency that hasn't tired  in the three decades since--and I know hasn't tired in Ambassador Power  either.   I'm confident that she'll employ that sense of urgency in her new  role as the Administrator of USAID, which bolsters peace and prosperity  both in developing nations and here at home. The biggest threats that  we face are interconnected and global--from climate change to  cybersecurity to pandemics. As we've seen throughout the past year,  viruses know no borders, and our ability to defeat COVID-19 depends  upon our willingness to partner with other nations to stop the spread  and mount a successful recovery. And as we reassert American values at  the core of our foreign policy, we will also need to combat the Chinese  government's efforts to export its model of authoritarianism to  governments in developing countries. USAID will be at forefront of  these missions and others. In Ambassador Power's own words,  ``Development is critical to America's ability to tackle the toughest  problems of our time--economic, humanitarian, and geopolitical.''   Madam President, there is no doubt in my mind that Ambassador  Samantha Power will serve our country well as the next Administrator of  USAID. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of her confirmation.   