 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is said that politics is the art of the  possible, and I am afraid that, over time, someone might argue that  politics has become the art of confusion.   There is so much confusion that goes on around issues of significance  that in some cases, the media or the public has a hard time quite  getting to the bottom of what is a fact and not a fact.   Perhaps, in some cases, the confusion is purposely spread by  politicians like me and by others. So I hope today to be able to reduce  some of the confusion for those who are paying attention to this  debate. I will begin by focusing on some things that I think we can  pretty much all agree on.   The first is that we as a nation need to invest in our  infrastructure. Our  [[Page S6046]]  highways are often in disrepair. In many places, people spend way too  long getting to and from work. People in business that are shipping  goods from one place to another find that they get stuck in traffic for  long periods of time. That hurts our economy. It makes it difficult for  us to be competitive globally. I think we mostly can agree with that.   Bridges, as well--we have got our structural engineers who say that  literally thousands of bridges across this country are in disrepair.  Some are in such bad repair that trucks have to go to long-distance  routes to avoid those bridges that are so damaged.   We need also to make an investment in our rail. For some time, I  lived in the Northeast. People travel from Boston to New York and New  York to Washington and so forth on Amtrak, and in many cases, it takes  almost as long to get to those places on Amtrak as it would to drive  because the rail is in such disrepair and because passengers compete on  that rail with freight. So we need to upgrade our rail system.   Our transit is, in many cases, also in disrepair. We use old  technology for a lot of our railcars. Modern technology has the cars  themselves that are powered as opposed to being pulled by a huge  locomotive or engine. We can improve the technologies we are using. We  are just out of date there.   I believe in buses. I think that we can do a better job connecting  communities through transit systems like buses that can change their  routes as commuting routes also change.   I think we can agree that broadband ought to be available to all  Americans, whether in rural areas or in low-income areas. Kids need to  be able to connect to their school and get their assignments and follow  what is going on in the world through the media, through the internet.  People need to be able to use telehealth to get consults with doctors.  If we are going to have economic growth in depressed areas of our urban  areas or in our rural parts of our country, we need to have businesses  know that they have access to high-speed internet, or they simply won't  go there.   Our water systems are in need of repair. We have some water systems  that date back a hundred years, pipelines back a hundred years. We are  going to have to upgrade some of these. We have lead pipes such as in  Flint, MI. That disaster there can't be repeated anywhere else, and we  have to do a better job making sure that we don't have an adjustment to  the pH in the water such that we have lead pipes beginning to leach. In  some cases, we are going to need to remove and replace lead pipes.   Wildfires are becoming a bigger and bigger issue in the American  West, and we need to have a better program to mitigate and prevent  wildfires.   Our power grid, in many cases, needs to be upgraded. It is vulnerable  to cyber attack. It is also vulnerable to various weather events that  have caused blackouts in various parts of our country. Fortunately with  regards to power, in this legislation, we also add some efforts to look  at new technologies--nuclear, hydrogen, battery power, and so forth--as  a way to reduce our dependence on oil and gas.   Permitting reform--I think we also recognize that sometimes it takes  way too long for projects to get underway, and that adds to cost and is  frustrating to consumers as well.   All these elements and more are addressed in this bipartisan  infrastructure agreement that is before the Senate right now. That is  what this bill is all about: addressing those infrastructure needs.   I would note that this is not a partisan issue. It has not been.  Every modern President--well, I should say every President in the  modern era has proposed an infrastructure package, the need to improve  our infrastructure. President Trump, the last administration, proposed  a $1.5-trillion plan.   Now, the bipartisan proposal is $550 billion, about one-third of  President Trump's proposal. Now, again, confusion sometimes reigns here  because we hear all sorts of numbers, but this is $550 billion above  what we normally spend. So if you add in what we normally spend, that  gets you to the higher number of about a trillion. People talk about  that, but that is a different matter. That is the normal run rate over  the 5 years. If you add that to the $550 billion, you get almost a  trillion.   There is confusion also about how many pages there are. The reality  is, yes, there are 2,700 pages in this bill, and I think the public  says: How in the world could anyone possibly read something like that  and keep up with it? Well, as the Presiding Officer knows, about 2,000  pages of this were already passed by the various committees of  jurisdiction. And some of the people who are most vocal in criticizing  these 2,700 pages to read, they have had access to those 2,000 pages,  or portions of them, already because they are on the committees that  passed them. And, of course, in addition to the 2,000 pages, there are  other pages that have been written and are before committees to  consider.    Something else I would note, and that is, in addition to not having  raised taxes to pay for this $550 billion infrastructure program, this  bill is paid for. The Congressional Budget Office has scored about one- half of it as being paid for under their rules. The other half is also  paid for by real dollars--not the way CBO scores it under their rules  but just as real. Sometimes, for instance, a pile of funding, a pile of  cash, has been previously allocated and not used, and so it goes back  to the Treasury. The CBO says: Well, we can't score that because it has  already been appropriated once. I understand that, but it is real  dollars.   You might say: Well, why don't we just let it go back to the Treasury  and reduce the deficit? Let me tell you something. That will never  happen because our Democratic friends are planning on putting in place  a $3.5 trillion bill of their own which would surely grab all of that  money and everything else that comes along.   So it is not going to go back into the accounts of the Federal  Government to reduce the deficit and the debt; it is, instead, going to  be used on the spending spree that my colleagues across the aisle are  planning on carrying out soon. I affectionately call that $3.5 trillion  spending spree the blue whale. It is very, very large--the largest. It  is soft, and it is blue. But ours is going to be used for real, hard  infrastructure. Of course, it is about one-seventh the size of the blue  whale, and I might call it the roadrunner by comparison.   Now, I recognize that there has been some criticism of this bill, and  it is not without faults. It was, after all, the product of work by  Republicans and Democrats. Ten of us were tasked by our group of 22 to  see if we could come up with something, and to get Republicans and  Democrats to agree to something together means that there are some  things we like better and some things my colleagues across the aisle  like better.   There are some things, if it were just up to Republicans, we wouldn't  have in there, and my guess is there are some things, if it were just  up to Democrats, they wouldn't have in there. But it was, after all, a  meeting of people from both parties to find something that could  actually get a bill done because, as the Presiding Officer knows, we  have had several Presidents try to get a bill done, and it has never  gotten across the finish line. So this was an effort to say: Let's  break the logjam and get something actually accomplished so we can deal  with the infrastructure challenges that we virtually all agree America  faces.   Now, criticism is expected, and I would note that criticism is also  pretty easy. Anytime you have a bill that is worked up by compromise  between two sides, why, the side that looks at the other side's work is  going to criticize it. I can point out all the things I don't like  about the bill. I won't waste anyone's time doing that.   I do ask my colleagues: OK. If you don't like this bill, what bill do  you like instead? What would you do instead? President Trump's $1.5  trillion bill? How would you pay for that one? What would you spend  that money on? Because ours is one-third the size of that proposal.   So one can stop and say: What would you do instead?   I know some people would say: Well, nothing at all. We don't want to  spend any money at all. No bill. Let's not spend a dollar on  infrastructure.   That is, I am afraid, not an option in reality because we have two  options. One is to accept the bipartisan work of our respective  colleagues, and the other is just to say: Hey, because the  [[Page S6047]]  Democrats have the House and the Senate and the White House, just let  them do it all by themselves without any Republican input at all.   I am pleased that the President decided not to take that course and  that Democratic leadership here in the Senate has concluded as well  that is not the right course to take; that a bipartisan approach was  better. But let me note that if the option were taken to have a  Democratic-only bill, my estimate is that it would cost about $500  billion more than our $550 billion bill; that it would expand union  rights through Davis-Bacon, with prevailing wages on areas where they  are not currently existent; that there would be more money going into  things like transit and Amtrak, more money for lead pipes, more money  for administrative costs.   We hold administrative costs down to 3 percent of this bill. There  were many efforts to try to raise that as high as 10 percent. That  would mean tens of thousands of new Federal Government employees. We  held it down to 3 percent. That, in my opinion, would change if it were  simply a partisan, one-party bill.   We made some of these funding efforts into loan programs where States  or people who would take advantage of the funding would ultimately pay  them back. My guess is, if it were a bill that did not have our input,  some of those would be transferred into grants.    Now, there is another criticism that gets raised, and that is that  this bipartisan agreement and the bill before us are just a gateway to  the blue whale; that this is going to open the door to the $3.5  trillion plan that the President has proposed.   I don't really follow that one terribly well, that argument, because  obviously if there is no agreement on this legislation, if it doesn't  pass or if the House blows it up in some way, why, then this effort,  the hard infrastructure effort, will just be added to the blue whale,  to the $3.5 trillion. That is going to get done anyway, and this would  become part of that.   So there is going to be an effort to pass a blue whale one way or the  other. I hope that doesn't pass, by the way. But this is not a gateway  to anything but a gateway to better roads, better bridges, better  water, better broadband into rural communities, and a better economic  vitality for our country.   Now, I do admit that I do understand and appreciate the argument that  is being made--one criticism that is being made against this bill by  some in my party, which is, by being in favor of this legislation for  $550 billion, we are going to confuse the voters, and they are going to  think that we are also all just part of this big blue whale thing; that  we are spending 550 and my colleagues across the aisle want to spend  $3.5 trillion, and it is all just one big, massive spending mess, and  it is going to be hard for the voters to understand the difference, and  we are going to get blamed for the whole mess.   I subscribe to what Lindsey Graham said. He said: I think we can make  it pretty clear to our voters that we love one and we hate the other.  That is what my Republican colleagues would hopefully say. That is the  way I feel. I love one; I hate the other.   But I happen to feel that this is not so much a matter of confusion  as a matter of recognition of what is right for America because, by  being for this bill even though there is a risk of some confusion, we  do save about $500 billion for the American people and reduce the  deficit over time by about $500 billion. We do restrict Davis-Bacon  from being expanded into areas where it is not now. We do hold down  some of the transit spending and the Amtrak spending. We hold down  administrative costs and the number of Federal employees who are going  to be hired for these programs.   So, in my opinion, we have to put aside sometimes the politics for  what is absolutely right for America. I am sure some people are a  little disturbed when they see headlines that say: Oh, this bipartisan  effort would look like a win for Biden. Well, it is a win for  Republicans, and it is a win for Biden. It is a win for Democrats. It  is a win for the Senate to say that we can work together, that we have  been able to overcome partisan differences to do something that is  right for America.   Mr. President, I am convinced that this is a win for America. I  support this legislation. I am proud to have been part of the effort to  help draft it and negotiate it. I admire and respect my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle who have worked on this legislation.   We calculated just the other day that we had had over 50 meetings  amongst that group of individuals--just the ones that I attended--over  the last several months in preparation for this bill. It is not a  slapped-together effort. It was carefully considered. It was drawn upon  and built upon legislation already passed by committees,  overwhelmingly, time and time again, wherever we could.   I certainly hope that the Senators from both sides of the aisle will  join together in passing this legislation, sending it to the House;  that the House will address it in a way that is consistent with what we  have agreed to and we can send it to the President and help America  finally get its infrastructure in order.   Thank you   America's infrastructure is in desperate need of upgrades and  expansions. Twice now we have had bipartisan votes to proceed to the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. This is an historic piece of  legislation that will address decades of neglecting our nation's hard,  physical infrastructure.   Because it is a comprehensive piece of legislation--a total of 2,700  pages--some claim that this was dropped out of nowhere. That couldn't  be farther from the truth. This bill is a culmination of bipartisan  collaboration and regular order. Nearly 2,000 of the 2,700 pages  already passed out of committees with bipartisan support and are  awaiting floor action. This includes the 1,200 page surface  transportation reauthorization from EPW and the Commerce Committee in  advance of its September 30 expiration.   In total, a combined 61 senators on 4 committees put together the  bills, many of which have been sitting out there publicly for months,  that form the core of this bill today.   Across the nation we have roads and bridges in various states of  decline and disrepair, a rail system that is out of date, transit that  is slow and in need of an upgrade, a lack of high-speed transportation  opportunities from one part of a city to another, and entire  communities that are unable to access high-speed broadband. If you look  at other nations, you can see that we have fallen behind when it comes  to our infrastructure and it is impacting our productivity as a nation.  China, for example, invests; four times more than we do because they  recognize the importance and strategic value of strong infrastructure,  and they aren't slowing down.   Several months ago, a bipartisan group of Senators came together to  work on an infrastructure because we recognize that in order to compete  with nations like China, we need to invest in ourselves and address our  nations hard infrastructure needs. Many people in my party believe by  working on this bipartisan product we have handed a win to the  Democrats, but this bill is a win for America as a whole.   Yes, there are aspects of this bill that I would not have included if  I had written it on my own, and I am sure my Democratic colleagues  would say the same thing, but that is the nature of compromise. And  when the alternative is the Democrat's writing and passing their own  infrastructure bill that would go far beyond the boundaries of  traditional infrastructure, I believe working together and making  compromises is more important than playing political games and holding  up a product that is good for all Americans.   There is a lot of misinformation about what is included in this  infrastructure bill. Let me echo my colleagues who have spoken today  and reiterate that this legislation includes only hard, physical  infrastructure. It addresses roads, highways, and bridges, broadband  deployment, water infrastructure and clean water funds, ports and  waterways, airport improvements, and resiliency.   This is really going to help my home State of Utah where we have  2,064 miles of roads in poor condition. Commute times are up 7.2% in  the State since 2011 and bad roads cost drivers an average of $709 per  year in repair. This bipartisan legislation authorizes roughly $2.7  billion in highway funding  [[Page S6048]]  for Utah over five years to construct, rebuild, and maintain its roads  and highways.   Beyond the transportation needs of Utah, this bill includes  additional funding for wildfire mitigation and recovery and $300  million to fund the outstanding Emergency Watershed Program, $50  million for the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $100 million for  drought contingency plan funding, $1 billion for the FEMA Building  Resilient Infrastructure Communities program, $214 million to fully  fund the Navajo Utah Water Rights Settlement, and $1.7 billion for the  construction and improvement of Indian Health Services sanitation  facilities. It also includes my Wildland Fire Mitigation and Management  Commission Act which establishes a commission to study and recommend  fire prevention, mitigation, management, and rehabilitation policies  for forests and grasslands.   Investing in our nation's hard infrastructure is expensive. There are  a lot of different numbers flying around right now but the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act is $550 billion in new spending,  not $1.2 trillion as some have said. Together our group has developed a  plan that is comprised of fiscally responsible pay fors. We have always  said the CBO wouldn't give us credit for about of our pay fors  including $173 billion in unused saving's from COVID-19 funds, $53  billion from certain States' unused enhanced unemployment insurance  claims, $53 billion in economic growth resulting from a return on  investment these infrastructure projects will provide, among others.   In the past couple of days, you may have also heard about a provision  that would supposedly allow the government track your driving through a  vehicle mileage tax. This is fearmongering and misinformation. There is  no vehicle mileage tax in the bipartisan infrastructure bill. What you  are hearing about is a study to determine how we can tax electric cars  the same way the rest of us pay a gas tax. It is not a tax but simply a  research tool.   Finally, the last thing I want to address is the mischaracterization  that our efforts are somehow linked to paving the way for the Democrats  $3.5 trillion dollar wish list. That bill was going to happen with or  without this bill. The difference is, with our bill passed, they will  be jamming through a reckless tax and spending spree that includes a  whole host of unpopular tax hikes and deficit spending.   At the end of the day, this is a good bill on balance. It will be  good for Utah, and it is good for every community across the nation. It  may not be ideal, but we should not be letting the perfect be the enemy  of the good, and it is better than what would have resulted had the  Democrats had written this bill alone. In addition to providing a much  needed upgrade for the country, it shows that the Senate works,  preserves the filibuster, and gives hope to future compromises on  important pieces of legislation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   