 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1195, the Workplace Violence  Prevention for Health Care and Social Service Workers Act.   Over the past year, we have voiced exceptional praise for healthcare  and social service workers, who have risked their lives to care for  ourselves and our loved ones. Yet, for too long, we have failed to  address the high and growing rates of workplace violence for these  workers, who are regularly beaten, kicked, punched, and sometimes even  killed on the job.   In 2018, healthcare workers accounted for nearly three out of four of  all nonfatal workplace injuries and illnesses caused by violence. Let  me repeat that. In 2018, healthcare workers alone accounted for nearly  three out of four of all nonfatal workplace injuries and illnesses  caused by violence.   Many of these incidents are foreseeable and can be prevented by sound  workplace violence prevention plans. They work, and when they are  implemented, they can reduce workers' compensation claims.   Yet the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, still  has no enforceable workplace standard that requires healthcare and  social service employers to implement violence prevention programs. We  have tried voluntary guidance for the past 25 years, yet still too many  employers choose not to follow the best evidence on what is well  understood to be authoritative guidance issued by OSHA.   To make matters worse, without action from Congress, protections for  healthcare workers and social service workers are nowhere in sight.  OSHA typically takes 7 to 20 years to issue a new standard. The recent  beryllium standard that was adopted a couple of years ago was in the  works for over 17 years.   We cannot ask healthcare and social service workers to wait any  longer, particularly during this global pandemic when Congress has the  ability to ensure that OSHA can act as quickly as possible to protect  workers' lives.    Madam Speaker, to that end, H.R. 1195 directs  OSHA to issue an interim final standard within 1 year and a final  standard within 42 months, requiring healthcare and social service  employers to develop and implement a workplace violence prevention  plan. It protects workers from retaliation for reporting assaults to  their employers or government authorities. It also protects the  employees of healthcare facilities run by State, county, or local  governments in the 24 States that are not covered by either Federal  OSHA or a State-run OSHA plan.   Madam Speaker, I commend the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr.  Courtney) for his leadership, and I urge my colleagues to join us in  voting for this legislation.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   