 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 14, which would  increase the cost of energy for consumers and result in the loss of  good-paying American jobs in our energy and manufacturing sectors.   My district in northwest and west-central Ohio is home to over 60,000  manufacturing jobs, with thousands more to come with recent  announcements made in the past few weeks. One of the key factors that  businesses consider when they make decisions about expanding or  relocating is their ability to keep energy costs down while still being  able to maintain profitable operations.   Because of the American energy renaissance, fueled by lower domestic  oil and natural gas production costs and the Trump administration's  commonsense regulatory approach, we have seen more companies come to or  return to the United States and bring with them high-paying, quality  jobs to our communities.   My fear is that by returning to the Obama EPA standards, we will be  reasserting an outdated and burdensome regulatory regime that will  sacrifice all the gains we have made in building up America's  manufacturing sector.   If the argument is about addressing climate change, then we really  need to acknowledge the fact that the United States has been a global  leader in emissions reduction since 2005. Since that time, emissions  have fallen by more than 20 percent on a per capita basis.   We should be focusing on innovative solutions and not accelerating  the promulgation of cumbersome or duplicative regulations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose S.J. Res. 14, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Johnson), my colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Duncan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Mrs. Lesko).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Pence).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North  Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).   