 Mr. Speaker, it is necessary for me to voice my  opposition to the PRO Act, shortsighted legislation that is a bad deal  for America's workers and America's employers.   The greatest thing that I learned working in a factory is that  workers care about employers and employers care about and value the  hardworking people who come to work and get the job done every day.   The PRO Act needlessly inserts government--what I call the  middleman--into the workplace, driving a wedge between the employee- employer relationship. This bill would infringe on workers' rights and  handcuff employers, making it harder for people to make decisions that  positively impact their workforce.   Our team has met with employers and workers across central and  northeastern Pennsylvania, and the message is crystal clear: Say no to  the PRO Act.   Let's not pretend the government knows or cares about workers more  than the businesses that employ them, and let's not add more mandates  where they don't belong. Instead, it is time for the government to step  back and for businesses to continue what they do best: innovate,  produce, and provide opportunities for the American people.   If my colleagues supporting the PRO Act really care about America's  employers, workers, and boosting our economic recovery, then I urge  them to oppose this special interest giveaway.    Madam Speaker, my amendment maintains longstanding  current law, which protects the ability of employers to continue to do  business and provide for their customers during a labor relations  dispute.   One of the purposes of the National Labor Relations Act is to  eliminate ``substantial obstructions to the free flow of commerce.''  During the economic chaos of the 1930s, Congress passed the NLRA, which  struck a careful balance by protecting workers' ability to strike while  not protecting the practice of intermittent strikes that create  upheaval and uncertainty.   The PRO Act aims to make it impossible for employers to continue to  do business in the event of a labor dispute, a death sentence for  thousands of small businesses. Allowing intermittent strikes and  banning permanent replacements would be devastating to  [[Page H1163]]  our economy, our global competitiveness, and the incentive to invest in  American workers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment and to  prevent dangerous disruptions to our economy.   