 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the  opportunity to talk about this important legislation.   Before I get started, I do want to thank the chair of the  subcommittee, Mrs. Napolitano; the ranking member, Mr. Rouzer from  North Carolina; Chairman DeFazio; and Ranking Member Sam Graves as  well. I do want to thank some of the other partners from Louisiana we  worked with, Congressman   Steve Scalise, former Congressman Cedric  Richmond, and Congressman Troy Carter, who all worked with us on this  important legislation.   Madam Speaker, Lake Pontchartrain is one of the largest saltwater  lakes in the United States. It is incredibly productive. It is a  productive ecosystem. There is much fishing, shrimping, and crabbing  and oysters that are produced there. As a matter of fact, since 1997,  over 40 million pounds of blue crabs have been produced almost  annually.   The secret, Madam Speaker, if you can keep this between the two of  us, is that much of that is actually headed to Maryland restaurants to  improve Maryland crab cakes. That is right. Just don't tell anybody.  They also put spice on the outside of the shells. It is really  confusing what they do. The meat is on the inside.   But in any case, Madam Speaker, this is a huge watershed. It is about  a 10,000-square-mile watershed, that comprises 16 parishes and four  Mississippi counties, into this lake.    But more importantly, and why there is a Federal nexus here, is that,  since the first time in 1937, they open the nearly 7,000-acre Bonnet  Carre Spillway to shift water from the Mississippi River into Lake  Pontchartrain and ultimately to the Gulf of Mexico as an emergency  pressure relief valve. You see, Madam Speaker, the Mississippi River  drains 32 States and two Canadian provinces. This is one of the largest  watersheds in the world, and the Mississippi River is the largest  watershed in the United States.   When the water hits a certain level--again, since 1937, when they  began opening this, and it has been opened an  [[Page H2767]]  average of once every 10 years--it sends huge flows, hundreds of  thousands of cubic feet of water per second, out of the Mississippi  River into the Bonnet Carre Spillway and into Lake Pontchartrain, and  it shifts from a salt or a brackish lake into a freshwater lake because  of this huge surge.   As a result of the floodwaters coming from Canada and all over the  United States, they come and impact the ecosystem of this lake.   So, what this legislation does is builds upon some of the efforts for  ecological restoration.   I want to thank the great work of Carlton Dufrechou, Kristi Trail,  and others who have done an amazing job in working to restore the  ecological function of Lake Pontchartrain.   I again want to thank all the cosponsors and folks who have helped us  to work on this legislation. It did pass unanimously last Congress, and  I want to remind everybody here that there is a huge Federal nexus with  this legislation. I urge its adoption.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman  [[Page H2769]]  DeFazio; the sponsor of the bill, the ranking member of the committee,  Sam Graves; as well as Aviation Ranking Member Rick Larsen of  Washington State.   Madam Speaker, we need to be able to have the authority to make  incentive payments. We have seen an extraordinary shift in aviation  travel. In April of last year, there was a 95 percent reduction in  airline passengers. We recently saw TSA screen the same number of  passengers as before the pandemic.   The aviation demand is coming back with a vengeance. Our airports are  crowded. Our airlines are packed. Our airplanes are packed.   What this allows the FAA to do is to provide incentive payments to  expedite the completion of construction projects at airports. This is  for safety. This is for additional capacity. This is going to ensure  that the aviation industry, that our airport infrastructure can keep up  with increased demand.   And as the ranking member said, this same expedited authority and  incentive payments is allowed in other forms of infrastructure. So I  want to thank the ranking member, Sam Graves, for bringing up this  commonsense legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge its adoption.    Madam Speaker, you have heard numerous  speakers talk about the bureaucracy that happens in the aftermath of a  disaster, and we had legislation by Ranking Member Sam Graves trying to  help to cut through that bureaucracy and not have our own Federal  Government revictimize our disaster victims, who are citizens of this  country.   In the aftermath of a disaster--which, being from south Louisiana, we  experience, unfortunately, way too frequently--we have FEMA, the  Federal Emergency Management Agency, that comes in; we have the Small  Business Administration that comes in; we have the Department of  Housing and Urban Development; we have the Department of Agriculture;  and others that all offer different types of emergency aid or programs.   Madam Speaker, apparently, it appears that many of these agencies  aren't aware that there has been this invention called the internet  that connects everybody. Instead of coming in and forcing these  disaster victims, who potentially have lost everything that they own,  to come in and stop by numerous locations and fill out the same  paperwork over and over again, they should come in and apply  commonsense solutions that we have seen in the private sector for  decades now, simply coming in, providing information once, being more  efficient, truly providing service to these disaster victims, instead  of revictimizing them.   I want to thank the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico, my friend, for her  leadership on this effort. I know, being from Puerto Rico and  victimized by Hurricanes Irma, Maria, and others, this is an  extraordinary issue for her constituents. I really do appreciate  Congressman DeFazio, Ranking Member Sam Graves, and others who have  partnered with her on this legislation, allowing it to go through. I  urge adoption of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Stauber from Minnesota for  introducing this legislation and working together with Congressman  DeSaulnier from California.   As Ms. Norton, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, noted,  in 2017, at San Francisco International Airport, a NOTAM had been  issued, a notice to airmen, which is usually sent to notify pilots  about changes in airspace or construction conditions or changes of  conditions at airports.   One was issued that indicated that a runway was under construction  and an alternative runway was open. They had an Air Canada flight that  came in while four occupied planes were on the taxiway, and there was a  near miss where this Air Canada flight nearly landed on a taxiway that  they mistook for the alternative runway. It would have caused  widespread death in the event that those five planes ultimately would  have collided.   The National Transportation Safety Board, as noted, did find that the  lack of comprehension, or possibly even reviewing this NOTAM, was a  primary cause.   This legislation creates a task force to look at better ways of  informing, of connecting with pilots, to make sure that they have  accurate information and that they actually read or are aware of these  changing conditions which could, as in the 2017 incident, be the  difference between life and death.   Again, I want to thank Chairman DeFazio. I want to thank Ranking  Member Sam Graves. I want to thank Mr. Stauber, the author of this  bill, with his partner, Congressman DeSaulnier from California.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber).    Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Guest).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I want to say that the United States has  the safest aviation system in the world, and air travel is the safest  way to travel.   This bipartisan legislation by Congressmen Stauber and DeSaulnier  ensures that we maintain that level of safety for air passengers in the  future. I think it is a great bipartisan piece of legislation. I  appreciate those two gentlemen working on this together. I urge  adoption of the legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   