 Madam President, we are 1 year into the worst pandemic in  a century, and it is clear that Native Americans have felt some of the  most severe impacts of COVID.   Here is what we know: The number of confirmed cases per capita among  Native Americans is 3\1/2\ times that of White Americans; they are  almost twice as likely to die from COVID than White Americans when they  contract it; and over a third of all Native Americans are at high risk  of serious COVID-19-related complications--the highest percentage of  any group in the United States. Native Americans need help now, and it  is our job to deliver.   President Biden has proposed a bold plan, one that meets the moment  and one that helps our most vulnerable communities. The President's  plan includes more than $28 billion for Native people, making it the  largest investment in Indian Country in American history. From Hawaiian  homelands to villages, pueblos, rancherias, and other Native  communities, our fellow Americans who live on or near these lands need  immediate relief, not half measures, not delays.   As the new chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I urge  my colleagues to join me in voting for this resolution and delivering  critical relief to all Native Americans--Native Hawaiians, Alaska  Natives, and American Indians.   First, to help slow the spread in Native communities, we have to  invest in healthcare, and that is why this resolution includes millions  of dollars in critical resources to support the Native Hawaiian  Healthcare Systems and more than $6 billion for the Indian Health  Service, which is the primary vaccine distributor for more than 330  Tribes and urban Indian organizations across the country.   These funds are going to help enhance healthcare services,  particularly by improving the IHS's telehealth infrastructure. The IHS  and Tribal healthcare facilities are overwhelmingly located in rural  and isolated settings, with little access to specialty services, like  cardiology. So expanding telehealth so that more people can get the  specialty care they need wherever they are is a game changer for Native  communities. Finally, these healthcare funds will support the medical  workers who are on the frontlines every day, caring for Native families  and fighting the virus.   We also need to shore up Tribal governments and Federal programs and  services that Native people rely on with an infusion of resources. That  kind of historic, critical investment is exactly what President Biden  proposes to do. Because Tribes are uniquely dependent on their business  enterprises to fund essential government services for their citizens,  this budget resolution calls for $20 billion to support Tribal  governments. To put a fine point on it, the gaming operations are  mostly closed, and that is how they fund health and education in many  instances. These funds will enable Tribes to continue to provide  services like elder care and the deliveries of medicine and food that  are particularly critical during the pandemic, and it will help us to  keep the lights on at their businesses.   There is also $750 million to address overcrowding in homes and  homelessness--circumstances that disproportionately affect Native  Americans because housing stock tends to be scarce, and this problem  compounds with people living in tight quarters and being unable to  avoid the spread of COVID-19. Ensuring Native Americans have access to  safe and affordable housing is essential to stopping the spread of  COVID and crushing this pandemic.   The plan also includes $900 million for the Bureau of Indian Affairs  to support critical programs that keep people safe, protect kids, and  help to deliver water to Native families. Now, especially during this  pandemic, the BIA should step up, own its fiduciary responsibility, and  help the Tribes fight the negative impacts of COVID in their  communities.   There is also $850 million for the Bureau of Indian Education's  schools, colleges, and universities to address critical education  infrastructure and to enhance distance learning capabilities and,  hopefully, bring kids back into the physical classroom. Yet you can't  do that without money. You can't do that without crushing the pandemic.  You can't do that without safety. We must make sure that Native  students don't get left behind and that we protect the health and  safety of students and teachers.   We all need to work together and support Native families and  communities across the Nation. I think about the history of the Senate  Committee on Indian Affairs, and I think of my two predecessors,  Senator Daniel K. Inouye and Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka, and the  legacies that they built of bipartisanship.   I understand we are about to have a fight this week around a very  silly process called vote-arama, but we need to remember what this is  all about. This is not about a goofy 10-hour or 12-hour or 15-hour  process where we stack amendments and try to set each other up that  will somehow trick someone into taking a bad position that can be  turned into a campaign advertisement. That is tomorrow, and it is  nonsense, and everybody should ignore it if they can. Do anything to  not watch vote-arama. It is boring, and it is the worst part of the  U.S. Senate, but it is a very important means to an end.   It is a very important means to an end because we were elected to  deliver COVID relief. Once we get through this goofy process tomorrow  night--or maybe it is Friday morning or whenever it is--we are going to  be in a position to deliver COVID relief. Then we are going to be in a  position to talk to our Republican colleagues on and off the committee  representing Indian Country, representing Alaska Native communities,  and representing Native Hawaiian communities and figure out how to make  sure that the people who are suffering the worst during this pandemic  get the help they need and deserve, and that is something we can come  back together on as we move forward on this legislation.   With that, I yield to the senior Senator from Nevada, a member of the  Indian Affairs Committee, Ms. Cortez Masto.   