 Madam Speaker, I have heard it mentioned here today  Democrats telling us why we voted against the bill. They didn't ask us.   I can tell you why I voted against the bill before. And I think it is  known by the other side, because I offered an amendment to this bill  for a commission, that if you are very serious and curious about the  defense posture of this building and the posture of those who work in  it, then would you please include in this commission to investigate and  look at the events of June 14, 2017, at the baseball field?   Do you know what, Madam Speaker?   There weren't any Democrats there that day except for one, the one  that tried to kill us.   Madam Speaker, you talked about an insurrection. If not for the  Capitol Police being there that day, 20 to 30 Members of Congress from  the House of Representatives on the Republican side may have been  assassinated that day changing the balance of power in this Congress.   That is an insurrection.   Why is it the Democrats voted that down to include that as part of  the commission?   No one could explain that. It has all got to be about one event.   I do not condone for one second what happened here on January 6--not  for one second--but if you are serious, Madam Speaker, about looking at  what we need and what goes on and what inspires people to attack this  building and the people who work here, then let's take a look at  everything.   Why aren't we including the event on Good Friday when the gentleman  drove up and killed a Capitol Policeman?   He could have had a car full of explosives and pulled a Timothy  McVeigh-type of event.   Why are we not looking at that as well?   This is incomplete, and it is insufficient.   After the events on June 14, 2017, Speaker Paul Ryan stood in this  Chamber and got applause from both sides of the aisle when he said:  ``An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.''   We didn't hear that this time, did we?   No, we did not.   This has been created as a partisan issue at a time when it should  not be partisan. If you are not partisan, Madam Speaker, then you  include all the things that threaten us, that threaten this body, that  threaten this building, and that threaten the people who work in it.   Let's be serious. If you are serious, be inclusive, be complete, and  do the right thing.   