 Mr. President, I concur with the comments of my  colleague from Arizona. She put it well.   This is a really important bill because it takes our aging and  outdated infrastructure in this country and modernizes it, and that is  good for everybody. It is good for the truckdriver who can leave home,  knowing he is going to be safer on our roads and bridges. It is good  for the mom who commutes to work and is sick of waiting in rush-hour  traffic on the way to work and on the way back because she would rather  spend more time with her kids. It is good for the factory worker in  Ohio who makes things that need to be transported. We make tanks in  Ohio; we make cars in Ohio; we make washing machines. They go all over  the world. Our ports--our land ports and our seaports--are inefficient  and backed up. It is good for our consumers who are waiting for  products from all over the world because our ports are backed up.   Our infrastructure is way behind, and we will talk a lot more about  that over the next couple of days with some very specific data as to  how we have fallen behind, how we are not competitive anymore, how  China has surpassed us in terms of infrastructure. As a percent of  their economy, they spend about four times more than we do. Why?  Because they get it. This helps make the economy more efficient, more  productive, and, therefore, it actually returns an investment to the  American people.   We are also going to hear about how it is not going to increase  inflation like some of the other spending that is being talked about  around here, partly because it is long-term spending for capital  assets. It is spending that is going to add to the supply side, meaning  it is actually going to be counterinflationary and create more jobs. We  hear all about that, but one thing that I do want to make sure that we  hear about tonight is the fact that this process of starting from the  center out has worked.   People have talked about infrastructure in this city forever.  President Trump had a $1.5 trillion infrastructure package. Ours is  $550 billion, by the way. Five percent of his was paid for. Ours is  paid for. We made a commitment early on that we were going to do two  things: One, we were going to focus on core infrastructure. So, when  President Biden introduced a $2.65 trillion bill and called it  infrastructure, we said: Well, there is some good stuff in there, but  let's pull out the good stuff, the core infrastructure because a lot of  it had nothing to do with infrastructure. And, second, we said: You  know what? We are not going to do it by raising taxes. We are not going  to hurt the American worker more and make America less competitive in  this; we are going to do just the opposite.   We kept to those two principles, and I am so proud of that; that  tonight we can say the amendment, the substitute amendment, is going to  be offered, and it is going to keep to that commitment of $555  billion--no new taxes, core infrastructure only--and it is great for  the American people.   I want to thank a few people who got us here who are going to be  able, over the next few days, to tell us in great detail of the role  they played because it was significant on every one of their parts.   First, of course, Senator Sinema; she has been the one who has kept  us on track, and that has been very important, but also to my  colleagues who are here tonight on the floor, Senator Susan Collins,  Senator Lisa Murkowski, Senator Mitt Romney, Senator Bill Cassidy--my  Republican colleagues whom we have worked with over the last 4 months-- and each has made huge contributions to this.   I want to thank the White House for their work with us because they  said early on: OK. We want to do this, too, in a bipartisan way.   We said: OK. If you are serious, we do too.   And, sure enough, we negotiated. It was tough, and we had a lot of  differences, but we were able to get to this point tonight.   Just as important is the group on the other side of the aisle who  made this work, and I see my colleague Senator Manchin here. I see  Senator Warner here. It looks like he really wants to speak. I see  Senator Shaheen here, who is about to speak, and I see Senator Tester  wandering around here somewhere. These are the folks on the other side  of the so-called G-10 who made it happen.   And then a much bigger group. So to my colleagues who also helped in  the 22 working groups we had in putting this together and did such a  great job, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis,  Jerry Moran, Chris Coons, Maggie Hassan, John Hickenlooper, Mark Kelly,  Angus King, Jacky Rosen--11 Democrats and 11 Republicans.   And then, to my friends who took us over the top the other night on  the first vote we had on this, I appreciate them because they were not  involved as much on the details, but they know this is the right thing  for the country, and many of them did help to get us where we are:  Kevin Cramer, Mike Crapo, Mitch McConnell, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley,  John Hoeven, Jim Risch.   Folks, we wouldn't be here without every one of them, and we thank  all of the folks who have put so much time and effort into this.   And, mostly, we got to thank our staffs because none of us would be  here standing tonight, doing this, if we didn't have staff who had been  working their hearts out, staying here until 12  [[Page S5237]]  midnight, ensuring that every single thing in this bill has been looked  over carefully to make sure that we got it right.   And we are getting it right tonight for the American people, for our  economy, and for the future of our great country.   I yield to my colleague from Virginia.    I thank my colleague from Utah for his wise words. Yes,  it is true that there was a $2.65 trillion package proposed by  President Biden for infrastructure, and we are at $550 billion. So it  is bipartisan. Both sides made concessions. But it is very different  than what we would have seen, and again, it is an alternative with no  taxes.   I do want to say that there was another effort underway before we got  started. Actually, Shelley Moore Capito was part of our efforts early  on and then decided to try to work with the White House to come up with  a proposal. They were not successful in the end of bridging the gap  between where the White House was and where they were, and the  bipartisan approach that we used here ended up being more successful,  but we are building on the foundation that they created. So you will  see Senator Capito managing this bill for our side. I appreciate her  support the other day on our first vote, and I appreciate the hard work  they put in to help us to be able to come to this point today.   I yield back my time.   