 Mr. President, a little over 25 years ago, a Democrat  President and a Republican Congress came together, to quote former  President Clinton, ``end welfare as we know it.''   On a bipartisan basis, Congress passed, and President Clinton signed  into law, a bill called the Personal Responsibility and Work  Opportunity Reconciliation Act. Amongst other things, this landmark law  established the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families--what we go by  here in Washington, called the TANF Program. That program was replacing  the previous family assistance program.   TANF was specifically designed to promote work and to help struggling  parents back onto their own two feet. It was very successful--about 40  percent less people on welfare than before 1996.   The new program did this by creating work requirements and promoting  skill development through education and job training. While critics at  the time contended dire consequences would result--particularly for  single mothers--in the end, all these critics were proven fantastically  wrong. Welfare reform immediately led to a precipitous decline in  welfare caseloads and usage. At the same time, the single mother labor  force participation rate rose, and their incomes climbed--a step toward  getting out of poverty.   A recent research shows the gains were not only short term but led to  an improvement in the material well-being of single mothers throughout  the following decades. Additional studies show welfare reform has  contributed to higher education attainment and improved food security  for the following generation.   The 1996 welfare reforms helped families to enjoy the dignity of  self-sufficiency. It helped end the cycle of poverty. It gave parents  the hope of seeing their children grow up to be better off than they  had been--exactly what every parent dreams of for their family,  particularly for their children.   This was achieved thanks to a Democrat President and a Republican  Congress working together for the benefit of those that were elected to  serve.   Now, President Biden and Senate Democrats want to effectively end  welfare reform as we know it and reconstitute failed policies of the  past--in other words, end helping people in poverty by helping them get  out of poverty--guaranteeing a life in poverty, rejecting a successful  reform, signed by Democratic President Clinton.   So you can understand why they don't want to tell the American people  that is what they are doing. They know that trying to sell their  proposal as the largest expansion of welfare history isn't going to fly  with the American people who know how well the 1996 reform has worked  up to and including now.   As an end-run around welfare reform--and in an attempt to garner  broad public support--they want to co-opt a popular tax program for  their own political ends or what they ideologically believe in; that  the government ought to assume a more prominent role in people's lives  and in the economy.   That program that they are co-opting is the child tax credit. This  credit was established on a bipartisan basis in 1997 as a complement to  welfare reform, with the idea of assisting parents as they left the  welfare rolls to go to productive employment.   Since then, Republicans have taken the lead in improving the credit  as an anti-poverty tool that partially offset the burden of payroll  taxes on the working poor. And remember, payroll taxes on the working  poor is a regressive tax.   In 2001, as then-chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I worked  with  [[Page S7146]]  fellow Republicans to increase the credit that was set in 1997 at $500  to move it to $1,000. Moreover, the credit was made partially  refundable for the very first time.   This made low-income working families eligible to receive a tax  refund, even if they had paid no income tax--though they paid the  payroll tax. And, obviously, the child tax credit helped offset the  regressive impact on the working--low-income working people.   Then, in 2017, Republicans went even further in improving this credit  because we doubled the credit, and we increased the amount that those  who pay no Federal income tax can receive a tax refund. But a key  feature of the child tax credit through these 25 years has always been  that it is a work incentive.   In order to benefit them, the tax filer must have at least a minimal  amount of earned income, which basically means wages from employment.  As you earn more, a larger share of the credit becomes refundable,  partially offsetting the payroll taxes.   So, now, this is what the Democrats have in mind: They want to turn  this broadly popular, this bipartisan, this pro-work tax incentive into  a government assistance program akin to the old, pre-Clinton welfare  program.   What Democrats propose can no longer be considered a tax credit in  any traditional sense of the word. The benefit is entirely divorced  from the tax system in every way except how the tax system is going to  give out the benefits.   To qualify, no one in the household needs to work, needs to have  income, or needs to pay any sort of Federal tax at all. Now, even more  alarming, there are no job search requirements, no job skill  development assistance, and no educational assistance--the foundation  of the welfare reform of 1996, when the whole idea was to help people  help themselves by either schooling or productive employment.   All the requirements then that apply to those receiving TANF under  the 1996 welfare reforms would be gone. In other words, their proposal  provides no help to getting struggling parents back on their feet or to  tackle the root causes of generational poverty.   The bipartisan 1996 reform bill--everything I just said they propose  is contrary to that basic Federal reform of 1996. In other words, this  is a big step back to encouraging people into a lifetime in poverty. I  fear the Democrats' proposal will be a poverty trap for far too many  needy families.   We would be reversing the gains made since we had this bipartisan  welfare reform of 1996 signed by a Democratic President. That is  exactly what a recent University of Chicago analysis of the Democrats'  proposal suggests will occur.   According to this study, the Democrats' child tax credit proposal  would result in 1.5 million parents leaving the workforce at a time  when everybody is crying that we need to get people back into the  workforce if you want to keep inflation under control, if you want to  keep the supply chain moving smoothly.   This analysis directly contradicts Democrats' claims that their  proposal will cut poverty in half. In fact, according to the University  of Chicago authors, ``deep child poverty would not fall at all.'' I  will bet the Democrats are trying to sell this on the proposition that  it is going to reduce child poverty, but not according to the  University of Chicago scholars. In fact, it might even make things  worse.   That is exactly why Democrats and Republicans came together to reform  welfare in 1996, because it became self-evident that child poverty  could not be solved simply through money alone.   If money alone is a solution, why are my Democratic colleagues  willing to settle for only reducing child poverty by half?   Why don't they simply dedicate more of their foreign $4.2 trillion  tax-and-spending spree to completely end child poverty?   Is it that they believe subsidizing individuals to buy electric  vehicles, as their bill would do, is more important than eradicating  child poverty?   I fully support lending a hand to families in need of support, but  our policies must be focused on providing a hand up, not a handout.  Providing assistance untethered from any work or job promotion  requirement or education or work training requirement is not a  compassionate approach to helping people. You want to help people get  in the world of work because only in the world of work can you work  yourself up the ladder and get out of poverty. But being on government  programs is a certainty of a lifetime of poverty.   No, it is not compassionate. It is just the opposite. It sets up a  generation of Americans being trapped in soul-crushing government  dependencies.   I urge my colleagues to abandon their ill-conceived, ``no strings  attached'' child tax credit proposal. They would get a lot of  Republican support--bipartisan support--for improving the child tax  credit, but not this way. Do not yank away the ladder of opportunity  from struggling Americans. Take a page out of former President  Clinton's playbook. Work with Republicans to find a bipartisan solution  that will actually help low-income families together.   