 Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding. Second  Congressional District, but first in our hearts.    Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago, the average cost of gas in  America was $2.17 a gallon. Today, it is $3.07 per gallon, a 41 percent  increase.   But it isn't just gas prices. Costs for many goods and services  Americans rely on are quickly rising. The Consumer Price Index, which  tracks the cost of things, like food and energy, jumped 5 percent in  May compared to 1 year ago.   This inflation is the ultimate cost of President Biden's $2 trillion  Big Government spending spree back in January, Mr. Speaker. The Federal  Government is printing money at a breakneck pace, decreasing the  purchasing power of our dollars.   Meanwhile, businesses can't get folks to come back to work, thanks to  President Biden's generous unemployment benefits. And lately in east  Tennessee, I have heard stories from small business owners who can't  find enough workers to keep up with their demand.   They need to tell the folks at Wright's Cafeteria, where my good  friend David Wright owns his restaurant that was his mama's and  daddy's, they can't get folks to come back to work. He is still too  behind in the kitchen. He hasn't been open for months.   Another friend of mine, Mike Chase, owns Calhoun's, which is a world- famous restaurant chain in the area. And, actually, in Gatlinburg,  Tennessee, they have had to close down in a tourist section of our  community that is heavily populated during the day by well-heeled  tourists wanting to spend their money, yet he had to close down because  he can't get people to work.   Another friend of mine, Charlie Peroulas, at the Pizza Palace, world- famous onion rings. Mr. Speaker, I would literally crawl across  Magnolia Avenue on glass to eat their onion rings. They are that good.  And his pizzas are great as well. He has not been able to have full  shifts and to serve the community as he has in the past.   Stories like these, though, aren't unique to east Tennessee, Mr.  Speaker. This is happening all over the country. Businesses are raising  their prices to stay alive, and those costs are passed along to the  American consumers.   President Biden promised there would be no tax increase on working  Americans, but inflation sure as heck isn't leaving any money in the  pockets of our middle class, Mr. Speaker. His outrageous spending is  causing long-term economic damage and saddling future generations with  debt. And if President Biden isn't stopped in this venture, future  generations will inherit a worthless American dollar, Mr. Speaker.   