 Mr. President, less than 2 months ago, at his  inauguration, President Biden spoke about his deep commitment to  bringing Americans together.   Today, the Senate will consider the first major bill of his  Presidency, an intensely partisan piece of legislation. Why is the bill  before us today so partisan? It is not because Republicans were  unwilling to cooperate with Democrats on COVID legislation. In fact--in  fact--Republicans made it very clear that we were willing to work with  Democrats.   No, the bill before us today is so heavily partisan because Democrats  didn't want to work with Republicans. Democrats saw an opportunity to  use the COVID crisis to advance a whole host of liberal priorities, and  they were afraid that allowing Republicans to participate in the  process would mean that some of their pet projects would be excluded or  that they would have to pare back some of their more profligate  spending.   So Democrats decided to use reconciliation to ensure that Republicans  wouldn't be able to interfere with their Democratic legislation. And  let's be very clear about the nature of that legislation. Democrats  would like to present this as a COVID bill. It is not. Yes, there are a  handful of true COVID priorities in this legislation, such as more  money for vaccines and coronavirus treatment, something that I think  everybody here on both sides of the aisle supports. But the bulk of  this bill is either non-COVID-related or ostensibly COVID-related but,  actually, either unnecessary or excessive.   On the non-COVID front, there is the $86 billion bailout for  multiemployer pension plans, the billions for climate change and other  environmental policy issues, a new taxpayer-funded leave program for  government employees with no requirement that it be used for COVID-19,  and I could go on.   The version of the bill that came over from the House contained such  non-COVID-related measures as $100 million for an underground rail  project in the House Speaker's home State and $1.5 million for a bridge  in the Democratic leader's home State, plus a massive increase in the  Federal minimum wage that would cost an estimated 1.4 million jobs,  according to the Congressional Budget Office, and potentially-- potentially--devastate small businesses already reeling from the  effects of the coronavirus.   Then there are the ostensibly COVID-related measures, such as $350  billion for States. So what is the big problem there? Well, States  don't need anywhere near that much money to weather the rest of the  pandemic. The vast majority of States are not in crisis, and rescuing  those States that are not in crisis would not take anywhere close to  $350 billion. Democrats are going to spend hundreds of billions of  taxpayer dollars on an unnecessary giveaway to States, and on top of  that, that giveaway is heavily, heavily weighted in favor of blue  States. That is right. The distribution formula is designed to heavily  favor Democratic States.   Well, then there is the money for schools. Now, Republicans have been  very willing to give schools money to help them reopen. In fact, last  year, when Republicans were in the majority--which, by the way, during  that time we passed five COVID-19 relief bills, all with bipartisan  cooperation and support, at the 60-vote level that we use here in the  Senate for most legislation that we take up under regular order--but we  put a lot of money into giving schools money to help them reopen. In  fact, Republicans voted for $68 billion for K-12 schools.   At this point, that money is sufficient. Schools have spent just $5  billion of the $68 billion that we have already provided. Let me repeat  that. So far, schools have spent just $5 billion, or less than 10  percent, of the $68 billion that has already been given to them.   Yet the Democrats' bill would appropriate an additional $129 billion  for schools, 95 percent of which would be spent after this year--the  year of the crisis, the year of the emergency, the year of the  pandemic. You would think that, if this was a crisis, the funding would  be made available to be used this year, but it is not. It is spent in  the years 2022 to 2028.   Do Democrats really expect Americans to believe that school dollars  that won't be spent until 2027 or 2028 are urgently needed coronavirus  response dollars? This is the pattern with this bill, though.   We just passed a large coronavirus relief bill in December, the fifth  coronavirus relief bill that Congress has passed, and a lot of the  money from that bill hasn't been spent yet. In fact, a lot of money  from earlier coronavirus bills has not been spent. Yet Democrats are  throwing massive additional amounts of money at various recipients with  no idea--no clear idea--of whether or not that money will be needed or,  in some cases, when we know very well that that money isn't needed   Republicans will be introducing amendments to the Democrats' bill. I  am introducing an amendment to undo the Biden administration's freeze  on the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program, which has provided support  for farmers and ranchers who have been hit hard by the pandemic.   I hope some of my less extreme Democratic colleagues will join  Republicans to advance some of our amendments, such as Senator Graham's  amendment to change the distribution formula for States to the formula  used in the bipartisan CARES Act, which passed unanimously here in the  Senate, so that both red and blue States would get a fair shot at  funding, or amendments to remove those provisions that are in no way  related to COVID relief.   Unfortunately, Democratic leaders have made it very clear that they  are not willing to entertain Republican ideas. So I don't have a lot of  confidence that Republican amendments, even if adopted, will end up in  the final bill.   It is deeply disappointing that pretty much the first thing Democrats  did this Congress was to take a bipartisan process--the coronavirus  relief--and make it partisan. All five--all five--of the coronavirus  bills that Congress has passed to date--last year, when Republicans  were in the majority--were bipartisan. This bill could have been  bipartisan, too, but Democrats decided that Republicans and the  Americans that they represent should not have a voice in this  legislation.   Is this what the rest of the Biden Presidency is going to look like?  I sure hope not, because it is going to be really hard--really hard--to  come up with solutions that are durable and that represent the middle  of the country--those people whose voices are not heard in the  legislation that we will be taking up today.   I yield the floor.   