 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we had interesting news in Vermont this  morning. Our Governor, Governor Scott, announced that we have reached  80 percent immunity--vaccinations--and so the State will, in effect,  reopen.   Now, I mention this because, right from the beginning, I have worked  closely with our Governor. We have tried to show no partisanship in  this. I am a Democrat; he is a Republican. We are both, first and  foremost, Vermonters.   And restrictions were put in place. Efforts were made to vaccinate. I  know my wife Marcelle and I went to some of these vaccination centers.  We had everybody from Vermont National Guard to veterans groups, to  schools, to nurses who were volunteering all over those places.   And everybody would line up, and they would say: ``I am scheduled for  9:20. I will be there at 9:10,'' and they just went through, and people  wanted to get the vaccination.   It meant some hardships while it was going on because a lot of our  businesses could not open or had to open just in limited ways.   But--but they kept at it, and we all worked together to help with aid  to the State during the COVID time, and I was proud of what I might be  able to do, but I am mostly proud of the Vermonters. They set politics  aside; they set partisanship aside; and they said: How would it make us  a safer State?   So I just thought I would note that, all my trips back home, all the  times I joined with the various people--Dr. Levine, our chief physician  in Vermont, and the Governor and others, our Lieutenant Governor, Molly  Gray--all of us worked together, and it has paid off.   And I must admit, when I go home this weekend, this coming weekend, I  am going to walk off that plane with a bigger smile than I usually  have.   I always have a smile coming home to the State where I was born, but  this weekend it is going to be an especially big smile.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   