 Madam President, I am here today to join my colleagues  and first associate myself with all of the words from the ranking  Republican from the Armed Services Committee, Senator Inhofe.   Very well said, Senator, and I agree wholeheartedly.   I express my profound disappointment in President Biden's handling of  the botched withdrawal from Afghanistan. The American people and  certainly my constituents in North Dakota are upset, and they have  every right to be.   For weeks, we were inundated with horrifying stories of Americans and  our allies fleeing for their lives, paired with the constant stream of  disturbing images and videos out of Afghanistan as it was taken over by  the Taliban. Yet, somehow--somehow--President Biden has the audacity to  call the withdrawal an ``extraordinary success.'' Well, President Biden  is wrong. It was not an extraordinary success. The withdrawal was an  abject failure, and President Biden bears all of the responsibility for  it, and that is to say that he is the reason it was an abject failure,  because our heroes in uniform did an incredible job against very  difficult odds and, frankly, with very poor leadership coming from the  Oval Office.   The reality is, the President misled the American people to justify  his decisions and to downplay his failures. Now, terrorists are  emboldened, our allies are questioning the resolve of the United  States, and the United States is less safe because of it.   The reality is, his deceitful rhetoric really began several months  ago. In August, he led us to believe our military leaders were united  in their support of his withdrawal plans. Like many of my colleagues, I  expressed concerns at the time when his plans were first announced and  urged him to follow a conditions-based withdrawal. He did not.   To rationalize his choices, he worked to convince us that the most  senior leaders in the Pentagon were standing behind him, agreed with  him. They gave him this advice, he said. As we have heard from multiple  generals, that is simply not true.   The President also misled us about the conditions on the ground in  Afghanistan. In an August speech, he said the Afghan military force had  ``300,000 strong, incredibly well equipped fighters.'' The Special  Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction said in a report that  is not true. It said that of the 300,000 members of the Afghan National  Defense and Security Forces, only 182,000 of them were Afghan National  Army members and the rest were members of the Afghan National Police.   Well, when I discuss the number of servicemembers in our Armed  Forces, I don't include the number of police officers or even FBI  agents. That would be inaccurate at best, and then deceitful at worst.  Yet, here, the President is doing exactly that.   President Biden used that 300,000 number to claim the Afghan  Government could defend itself, and he later tried to say no one could  predict their forces would fall so quickly.   Was he being dishonest with the American people, or was he just not  being given accurate information by his senior leadership about the  conditions there?   Well, neither ignorance nor incompetence are a very good answer.  [[Page S6936]]    Later in the month, when it became clear the withdrawal was going to  be a failure, President Biden insisted that the United States would get  all Americans who wanted to leave out of Afghanistan. Well, he didn't.  He failed.   And no one, including him--and least of all him--wants to take  responsibility. The State Department says, you know, talk to the  Defense Department. The Defense Department says talk to the State  Department. But no one is taking responsibility.   And I say the buck stops in the Oval Office with the President, who  let that happen and who is letting his team dodge taking  responsibility, all while Americans fear for their lives in a country  run by terrorists and terrorist sympathizers.   Near the end of August, after 13 brave U.S. military members were  killed in an ISIS-K terrorist attack during the botched withdrawal,  President Biden rushed to release a statement taking credit for this  retaliatory drone strike.   He said: ``I said we would go after the group responsible for the  attack on our troops and innocent civilians in Kabul, and we have.''   Well, except he hadn't. It was later revealed, as we know, that the  strike did not take out any ISIS-K leaders. In fact, it took out 10  civilians, including 7 children. But, since then, the President said  nothing. He didn't say anything about this horrifying revelation when  it was clear that he misled the American people in the wake of the  strike.   Our military leaders did not agree with the withdrawal plans. The  Afghan Army was not prepared to defend itself. We did not get every  American out of the country, and justice was not delivered to ISIS-K or  its leaders after it killed 13 American heroes.   And what now? What do we have to show for it?   Well, America is less safe than it was when President Biden became  President. As our top military leaders testified in yet another  contradiction of President Biden's claims, al-Qaida is alive in  Afghanistan and looks to carry out a strike right here on American  soil.   How are we supposed to stop it?   Our military leaders don't have faith in the over-the-horizon  strategy that President Biden repeatedly touts to give us reliable  information.   Who is going to help us?   Our strongest allies and partners and longest standing friends  vocally distanced themselves from us amid this botched withdrawal.   All of this is what President Biden called an extraordinary success.  Well, it is an extraordinary embarrassment is what it is. The American  people are smart enough to not fall for such an obvious attempt to hide  the truth from them.   That is why we, on the Armed Services Committee, are going to  continue investigating the withdrawal and holding the Commander in  Chief accountable for his poor judgment and actions, even if he won't  take the responsibility. That is what our constituents expect and  deserve, and I urge my colleagues to join in supporting those efforts.   I yield the floor.   