 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today is a special day. It is Earth Day. I  had the privilege of actually being at the first Earth Day, at Golden  Gate Park, a million years ago. The speaker there that day was Ralph  Nader, and there was a huge crowd. Hundreds of thousands of people were  there.   Ralph Nader made a lot of fame and fortune writing a book called  ``Unsafe at Any Speed,'' about the Corvair Monza. That was my first  car, a Corvair Monza. And as he was there speaking that day, I couldn't  help but think about how much I loved my Corvair Monza and couldn't  believe he wrote that book about it.   He actually made a lot of sense and, certainly, it was a rallying  point for people in this country who realized that we were going the  wrong way in terms of the cleanliness of our air and the cleanliness of  our water.   I had gone to Ohio State and was a Navy ROTC midshipman there, and I  ended up in Southeast Asia. I remember being over in Southeast Asia on  one of our deployments, and the Cuyahoga River, up the road from Ohio  State, in Cleveland, OH, caught on fire. They had too many people  drinking the dirty water.   I liked to run outside. I know our Presiding Officer is a big athlete  as well. I know there were days that I would run outside, in the 1960s  and 1970s--and in some places, even now, around the world--and I was  doing more damage than good by breathing the air in those places.   But some amazing things happened in 1970, right around 1970. We saw  the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency. I don't think it  was done initially as a bill. I think it was actually done sort of as  an Executive order. Richard Nixon was the President then.   I think the Congress came along a few years later and sort of passed  legislation to implement the Executive order. The Clean Air Act was  signed into law. The Clean Water Act was passed. I think Richard Nixon  initially  [[Page S2160]]  vetoed the Clean Water Act. But they had huge support--overwhelming  support, Democrat and Republican--for both measures.   We didn't give a whole lot of concern in those days to climate  change. Nobody really talked, in the 1960s and the 1970s or the 1980s,  about climate change. But something started happening on our planet.  People said: I think it is getting warmer. The weather seems to be a  bit more extreme as time goes by.   Then scientists reported that a hole was being formed in the ozone  layer over the North Pole, and it started off small and got bigger and  bigger and bigger. And people a lot smarter than me said: This is not  good. We have to figure out what is going on here.   They finally figured out that it was something called CFCs, or  chlorofluorocarbons, which were actually found in our air-conditioners,  our freezers, and refrigerators. They did a really good job in keeping  things cool, including us, but, unfortunately, it led to the hole in  the ozone.   So some really smart scientists got to work, and they came up with  something called HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons. HFCs did a really good job  keeping us cool. They also did a good job in terms of the hole in the  ozone going away. But the bad thing about HFCs, or hydrofluorocarbons,  is that they are a thousand times worse for climate change, the warming  of our climate, than carbon, carbon dioxide. So some good but some bad  as well.   We passed the legislation, and it was signed--I think unbeknownst to  him--last December, by the President. It is legislation that phases  down HFCs, or hydrofluorocarbons. So now we are going to have American- made products that will keep us cool and will be good and positive with  respect to climate change, and will create a lot of jobs--tens of  thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of jobs, American jobs with  American technology--and strengthen our economy in a variety of  different ways.   So on this Earth Day, there is a lot to be concerned about, but the  HFC phase-down that I just talked about was signed into law and was  part of a much bigger package in December, that is worth a half a  degree Celsius.   Scientists will tell you that what we want is to be careful to not  see the Earth temperature go up by more than 2 or 3 degrees Celsius,  and if we do, it becomes sort of irreversible and we are in real  trouble then on this planet.   But this one thing that we did, voted on here in this Chamber,  phasing down HFCs, is worth about a half a degree Celsius. There is  still more to do, but that is a good start.   The greatest source of carbon dioxide on our planet is not HFCs, but  it is the emissions from our cars, trucks, and vans--our mobile fleet.  About 28 percent of carbon emissions come from our cars, trucks, and  vans. About another 25 percent comes from utilities, powerplants that  provide electricity for us, a lot of them powered by coal or natural  gas--mostly coal. And another large source of carbon emissions is from  industries. Think of cement plants, if you will. If you add those three  together, it is about 75 percent of the carbon emissions in our  country--just those three sources.   There used to be a guy, a bank robber, whose name was Willie Sutton.  You may or may not have heard of him. He lived during the Depression,  before either of us. But he robbed a lot of banks. He finally got  caught and ended up in trial before the judge.   And the judge said: Mr. Sutton, why do you rob all those banks?   And Willie Sutton replied, famously: That is where the money is, your  Honor. That is where the money is.   Well, one of the reasons why we focus on carbon emissions and global  warming emissions coming from mobile sources is that that is 28 percent  of the emissions. That is not where the money is, but that is where the  emissions are, where a lot of them are coming from.   And we are getting really exciting announcements from American  companies, auto companies. GM has announced this year that starting in  2035, they will not be manufacturing cars, trucks, or vans that are  burning gasoline or diesel fuel. They are just going to be electric.  They will be using hydrogen and fuel cells. That is huge--by 2035. That  is only like 14 years away.   Ford has made similar kinds of pledges. I think Volkswagen and a  number of other companies have made similar pledges. And they are not  pledges for things that will take place in like 40 or 50 years. We are  talking about right down the road, right down the road. That is great  news because the threat of climate change is imminent, and we don't  have a lot of time to meet it.   I was in a hearing this morning. One of the committees I serve on is  Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. One of the issues that we  have that we are responsible for is the Postal Service. I think, maybe  for reasons that go back to my time in the Vietnam war, of being  overseas in the war and how, every week, when we would get the mail  over there, it was the best part of the week. You would hear from your  families, loved ones, friends, newspapers, magazines, care packages. It  was a great day.    So I have great affection for the Postal Service, even today. I love  the idea of mail-in voting, and I know my friend from Georgia has some  affection for people being able to participate and exercise their  constitutional rights through the mail. And, hopefully, we will do more  of that in smart ways like that in the future.   But the Postal Service still provides a valuable service. We were  reminded of that during the election last year. But the Postal Service,  the men and women who drive around and deliver our mail, they drive  around in vehicles that are, on average, 25 years and older. Almost all  of them are diesel or gasoline powered.   The Postal Service realizes that they need to upgrade their fleet,  and they need to do that sooner than later. It is not cheap. It is not  a cheap thing to do--165,000 mail trucks that need to be replaced in  the next several years.   There is a 10-year plan that the Postal Service has put out--how they  plan to, sort of, and return to, if not to profitability, at least to  improve over time to a break-even situation. One of the things that is  in their plan is to buy and replace their existing fleet of cars,  trucks, and vans--mostly trucks and vans.   They are apparently in a contract with a company up in Oshkosh, WI,  called Oshkosh, and the idea is to build a bunch of vehicles, tens of  thousands of them, over the next decade or so.   We had three nominees today before us who have been nominated to be  members of the Board of Governors of the Postal Service. In all, there  are nine members of the Board of Governors, nominated by the President,  confirmed by the Senate. They have three vacancies, and we had three  nominees to fill those vacancies before us.   I wished them all a happy Earth Day, and then I talked to them about  what lies ahead in terms of replacing 165,000 vehicles. And,  apparently, originally, the first couple of thousand vehicles that will  be produced will be gas and diesel, and then, after that, the vehicles  could be gas, diesel, or electric--or hydrogen, for that matter.   There is an extra cost when we switch to electric, extra costs when  we switch over to, say, hydrogen, if that is the technology that is  chosen, because you need electric charging stations and you need the  hydrogen fueling stations.   It is easy to take your gasoline-powered vehicle or your diesel- powered vehicle to a gas station. It is on the corner. It is in your  town. But if you need to get the electric charger for your battery or  you need the hydrogen for your fuel cell vehicle, then that costs some  money. And it can't all be on the Postal Service. It can't all be on  the Postal Service.   As we put together this next infrastructure package for our country-- and we are going to be debating here legislation that Senator Capito  and I on the Environment and Public Works Committee have been working  on with our bipartisan team next week, a big package on wastewater  treatment and on drinking water, clean drinking water. That will be the  first big infrastructure bill that we pass, I think, in the Senate-- hopefully, next week. But there will be, hopefully, a lot more. And  part of that will be roads, highways, and bridges coming down the road.  And part of that will be charging stations in densely populated  corridors all over the country--charging stations for electric vehicles  and fueling stations  [[Page S2161]]  for hydrogen vehicles, which have a lot of potential, too.   I just want us to keep in mind, when that day comes--I want the  Postal Service to keep in mind that we need for them to set an  example--for the Postal Service to set an example. If they go out and  two-thirds of the new vehicles they buy are gasoline- and diesel- powered, shame on them, and, frankly, shame on us in this body for  allowing that to happen.   But we have to remember that the Postal Service is fighting for its  life, and we need to be there and be helpful in terms of helping to pay  for the infrastructure that they will need when they buy these new  vehicles.   I will close with this. Mr. President, I am not sure where Home Depot  is headquartered. Are they not headquartered in Georgia? If they are,  nod your head. I think they are. I love to talk about Home Depot.   Whenever I go down to Central America, to places like Honduras,  Guatemala, and El Salvador--we call them the Northern Triangle  countries--we have something in place called the Alliance for  Prosperity program. It is designed to help fight corruption, their  crime, their violence, and their lack of economic opportunity there.   And we provide money--taxpayer money--to help these countries down  there, so people will stop feeling like they have to come up here to  escape the violence, the corruption, the crime, and the lack of  economic opportunity. So we provide some money, and then we expect  them, for every dollar we provide, to provide four or five dollars on  their own. We want foundations to put up money. We want businesses to  put up money to help produce this as well.   I say to the people of Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, who live  in some really terrible situations, when I talk to them about the  Alliance for Prosperity, which has been in place now for several years:  You can do it. You, those three countries--Honduras, Guatemala, and El  Salvador--you can do it. We can help, and I think we have a moral  obligation to help.   I think at the Postal Service, they can do it. They can update their  fleet. They can do so in a way that is sustainable and is actually good  for this planet. This is the only planet we are going to have. We have  to take care of it or, otherwise, face huge, huge challenges.   So I would, on this Earth Day, say to my colleagues that the  anniversary provides opportunity. The Postal Service is going through  its share of adversity, as well, but there is real opportunity, as  well, to help the Postal Service and the men and women who work there  to do a better and a more reliable job of delivering the mail to all of  us but, also, to do so in a way that is good for our planet.   That would be a very, very good thing and make this Earth Day  especially memorable.   Mr. President, with that, I am going to bid you adieu. Great weekend  to you and the staff. God bless you. Thank you so much.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   