 Madam President, it is good to see you in that Chair, and  I am grateful for this opportunity.   I just wanted to raise a couple of issues that are relevant to the  budget resolution that we are going to be working on over the next few  days and beyond. There are so many issues to highlight. I will only  mention two issues--two big issues--but I think, most generally, when I  consider what we should do, I think it is my belief that we need a  substantial, robust bill to meet the moment that we are in. That means  dealing with the pandemic effectively and putting the virus behind us  by accelerating vaccinations, making sure that we are taking every step  possible to open our schools--to reopen schools, I should say, in some  cases.   Thirdly, to make sure we are helping those who are vulnerable,  whether they are folks without a job or folks who are hungry or their  families are hungry--so many other traumas that have been heaped upon  our families. There is a lot to do, and that requires a substantial  investment, not a limited investment.   I will just mention two issues today. One is home and community-based  services, and the other is childcare and a particular tax credit that  is relevant.   Home and community-based services, as many people know, have a huge  impact on both older citizens--seniors throughout the country--as well  as people with disabilities and even has an impact upon children. I  will focus most of the attention, for purposes of today, on the impact  on seniors and people with disabilities.   If there is ever a time when a care setting that is in the home or in  a community was more beneficial to a senior, to a person with a  disability--if there is ever a time, it is now. We know that if someone  is living in a congregate setting, they are more likely to get the  virus. And we know the horrific numbers. Just about 40 percent of the  deaths that have occurred because of the pandemic in the United States  have occurred in long-term care settings. It is, as of right now, at  last count, approaching 150,000 Americans who lost their lives from the  virus who were in long-term care settings.   I think a lot of seniors--a lot of family members would prefer,  often, that their loved one is getting care in a home or in a community  setting. The same is true, of course, for people with disabilities.   We have a chance in this legislation to finally make an investment in  home  [[Page S303]]  and community-based services. Do those services exist right now? They  do. How do they exist? Pretty much in the United States by way of a  waiver, so it is not the standard policy; it is done by waiver.   We want to make sure that it is more of a standard feature, really, a  choice that people have to get the care in the community or in the  setting that they want. It is critically important that we have in the  reconciliation instructions a commitment to home and community-based  services. We have that now, and we want to make sure it remains in the  bill in final form.   The other benefit or, I should say, the other priority here is not  simply those receiving the care in home and community-based settings;  it is those providing the care, those heroic frontline workers who  often are not talked about enough who provide this care. Most of the  care provided in these settings are provided by low-income women of  color who disproportionately make up the workforce and often are making  about $12 an hour. They should have a decent wage. They should have  benefits, like sick and family medical leave, and they should have  access to PPE protection so that they have the protection they need to  do their job and to care for those individuals.   I see the distinguished majority leader.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I will continue with the brief discussion  about home and community-based services.   It is so critical, as I mentioned earlier, to have these services  available for seniors and for people with disabilities, and it is also  relevant in the life of a child. We know--and as the Presiding Officer  knows well in her efforts to provide these services to those in the  disability community and among seniors--that it is important to  children as well. Medicaid home and community-based services provide  over $4 billion right now in support so that children can receive  therapy and other necessary services to participate in school, and as I  mentioned earlier, we know the impact upon seniors and people with  disabilities. So that is the reason we are emphasizing, among many  reasons, the investment in this bill for home and community-based  services in the context of the pandemic and the devastation of the  virus and more broadly.   The second issue I will raise--I know we are short on time--is an  issue that I mentioned earlier. In addition to home and community-based  services, this is an issue that relates to the family's ability to pay  for childcare. So it affects the parents as well as the children. It is  the child and dependent care tax credit. Obviously, it is an existing  tax credit, a credit that parents have been able to rely on, but it is  nowhere near robust enough to make it possible for more parents to  afford childcare.   Here is the reality when it comes to what happens in the midst of  this pandemic: We know that families have many reasons they can't make  ends meet, but, also, many families have members of their families who  want to get back to work. We are told that about 20 percent of working  adults say the reason they are not working is that COVID-19 has  disrupted their childcare arrangements. So it is both a childcare  access and affordability question.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics tells us that women accounted for all  jobs lost in December of 2020--not most jobs, not some jobs. All jobs  lost in the United States were among women. Women lost 156,000 jobs.  Their labor force participation rate is at its lowest point in a third  of a century. One of the big reasons is childcare. We need to expand  the child and dependent care tax credit to give parents the ability to  recoup thousands--not hundreds but thousands--of dollars in childcare  expenses.   That is what my legislation will do. That is what the new  administration wants to do, and that is what we should do in this next  COVID bill, and there are a lot of reasons for it.   I will end with this. Last year, the National Academy of Sciences  released a roadmap to reduce child poverty. We have heard of the good  provisions in this legislation on the child tax credit and the earned  income tax credit and of the substantial impacts they have had on  lowering child poverty--one estimate, by half.   Also contributing to this and to lower child poverty even more would  be to enhance the child and dependent care tax credit. Here are the  numbers: 9.2, 9.2, and 518. What do I mean? The National Academy of  Sciences says that, if you have a robust child and dependent care tax  credit, you can reduce child poverty by 9.2 percent. Guess what happens  to wages. There are raised aggregate earnings across the country also  by 9.2, but it just happens to be billions--$9.2 billion. Then the 518  refers to the jobs--increased net employment by more than 518,000 jobs  according to the National Academy of Sciences.   So, among the many, many things we are doing in this bill, we need to  invest in home and community-based services and also invest in a much  more robust child and dependent care tax credit.   I yield the floor.   