 Madam President, Senator Scott, Senator Ernst, and I  are not trying to ask for something that the American people aren't  already asking for as well and, quite frankly, the Senate and this  White House haven't already said that they wanted to be able to do:  basic transparency, efficient spending.   It is Wednesday afternoon right now. We are about to take up a bill  for, we think, $1.9 trillion. And I say ``we think'' because none of us  has seen the text of this bill yet, not one of us on either side of the  aisle. And the debate was supposed to begin on it today, but none of us  has seen the text for this.   Supposedly, we are supposed to start voting on it tomorrow night,  though no one has seen the text of the bill yet. In addition to that,  last year, this Congress, on a bipartisan basis, passed five COVID  relief bills totaling over $4 trillion. Every dollar of that $4  trillion was borrowed, every dollar. None of that was budgeted. But  there was bipartisan agreement as we walked through the process to  determine that this is an emergency; this is a global pandemic. To help  stabilize our economy from going into free fall, we have to do some  very difficult things. But in the middle of all of that, we also said  we don't need to borrow a dollar more than what we need to borrow.  Let's borrow what we need to but not more than we need to.   Interestingly enough, of the five bills and $4 trillion that was  allocated for COVID last year, only $3 trillion of that $4 trillion has  actually been spent yet. We still have over $1 trillion unspent of the  money from last year.   But before that last trillion dollars, which imagine just how big  that really is--to give you an example, every single Agency in the  Federal Government, the total budget for a year, is $1 trillion. So  this ``little $1 trillion'' that is left would cover the total budget  for every Agency in the Federal Government for all of next year.   With this $1 trillion that is still unspent, the Biden administration  and my Democratic colleagues are saying: We want an additional $2  trillion. Basically, near the end of the pandemic, they want a bill as  large as what we had the very first month of the pandemic a year ago,  when we knew we were in economic free fall.   All we are asking are a couple of things: One is, hey, can we read  the bill? No. 2, can we get real numbers of what is unspent and  anything that is unspent that we can reallocate for something in the  future? Let me give you an example. The best I can tell, we have about  $6 billion still left in the vaccine line item left over from last  year--$6 billion just for vaccine, and that is vaccine purchases. There  is another $17 billion left over just for all the distribution process  for vaccines. That is a lot of money.   Just yesterday, President Biden announced we will have all the  vaccines available for every adult in America by the end of May. It is  paid for, set aside, ready to go. Yet this bill that I understand is  coming tomorrow--maybe later today--has tens of billions of dollars  more in vaccine money. Why are there tens of billions of dollars more  in vaccine money, when just yesterday the President announced we have  all the purchases done all the way through toward the end of May to  vaccinate every adult in America? And there are billions of dollars  still left over in the two vaccine accounts even after that. Why are we  asking for tens of billions of dollars more? Where is that money going?  That shouldn't be an unreasonable question. That should be a question  everybody should ask. Why are we asking for tens of billions of dollars  more in vaccine money when we have already purchased everything related  to vaccines? Is this foreign aid vaccines? We don't know.   There is $170 billion being requested for education expenses. All of  us want to take care of education, but $170 billion is twice as much as  what the  [[Page S1014]]  American people spend on education in a year. The total education  budget is $67 billion for the entire year for all of the Federal  education budget--$67 billion. This is now very close to three times  what the annual budget is for all of spending just for COVID. And, by  the way, still unspent in the education amount from last year's budget,  we understand, is about $68 billion. So there is still $68 billion  unallocated in education entities that hasn't even been touched yet.   Hey, listen, before everybody jumps up and says, you Republicans are  just being a blockade, can we just ask a question? How much money is  unspent, and what is the money going toward that we are asking for?  That shouldn't be an unreasonable question. That should be a reasonable  question. We are not trying to be obstructionists; we are just trying  to get information.   And, quite frankly, when our team calls over to the White House and  says: Can you give us the details of what is unspent in this amount--I  know it is early in their Presidency, and they are still getting  organized, but most of the time their answer is: We will get back to  you, and they never do.   We need to know what is still left over of this $1 trillion that has  already been allocated before we allocate another $2 trillion, knowing  every single dollar of that is borrowed from China or somewhere else.   This is a real issue. We should resolve this before we move to  spending another $2 trillion. And I thank very much Senator Scott for  his leadership in this area and asking some very basic questions.   