 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote not  begin until following my remarks.    Madam President, in a minute, I am going to ask unanimous  consent for the approval of three important nominees who are not  controversial. We have been hearing reasons to oppose a nominee who has  some controversy, and I am going to raise three who are not  controversial.   In July, I had the opportunity to travel to Mexico, Ecuador,  Colombia, and Guatemala as part of a bipartisan congressional  delegation. The first question we received in Mexico was not about  COVID-19 and not about immigration. It was, When is your Ambassador  going to get here?   Fortunately, since then, the Senate has approved the nomination of  Ken Salazar to be Ambassador to Mexico, but the exchange underscores  the importance of having U.S. Ambassadors on the ground and the value  that other nations see in Senate-confirmed representatives of the  United States.   I take the floor today to talk about three noncontroversial nominees:  Adam Scheinman, of Virginia, to be Special Representative of the  President for Nuclear Nonproliferation; Marc Ostfield to be Ambassador  to Paraguay; and Cynthia Telles to be Ambassador to Costa Rica.   Mr. Scheinman has had a long history in the State Department and on  the National Security Council at the White House on Nuclear  Nonproliferation issues.   Marc Ostfield is a career Foreign Service Officer with deep  experience in the Americas.   Cynthia Telles is the daughter of the first Hispanic to be a U.S.  Ambassador. Her father was the U.S. Ambassador to Costa Rica 60 years  ago, and after a very distinguished career, she has been nominated to  inherit the post that he ably inhabited.   These were all nominees approved noncontroversially by the Foreign  Relations Committee on October 19, nearly 2 months ago.   I will just mention to my colleagues one thing about Mr. Scheinman.  It is particularly important that he be confirmed as soon as possible.  An important duty of the Special Representative of the President for  Nuclear Nonproliferation is to lead the U.S. delegation to the Non- Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons Treaty Review Conference. This  conference happens once every 5 years--once every 5 years--and it is  going to happen next month. If he is not confirmed before then, the  United States will not have an Ambassador-level official to lead the  American delegation at this existentially important meeting.  [[Page S9014]]    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 433, 436, and 439; that  the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order on these nominations; that  any related statements be printed in the Record; and that the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, may I invoke regular order? This is not a  response to any of these three nominations.    Madam President, we have no interest in silencing Senator  Cruz. In fact, the Democrats agreed to allow Senator Cruz to present  his amendment on Nord Stream 2 last week, and it was blocked by  Republican colleagues.   I have made a request for unanimous consent about two Ambassadors to  the Americas and about someone who needs to attend a nuclear  nonproliferation conference and lead the delegation from the United  States. It happens once every 5 years, and it is coming up.   The Senator is allowed to speak about Nord Stream 2 for as long as he  wants, but he shouldn't interrupt a UC for these three individuals to  give a speech that he has given many times and that he is going to  continue to give many times, and I am sure we are all going to hear it  many times.   I would like a ruling on my request for unanimous consent on these  three nominees.    Madam President, I yield the floor.   