 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the chairwoman for  her leadership of the Black Caucus for this opportunity, and I would  like to thank my colleague from the great State of New York for his  leadership and what he has done.   After listening to the mother, as the chairwoman said, I don't think  it could have been expressed better. She did a fanatic job.   Madam Speaker, in my home State of Pennsylvania, Republican  majorities in the legislature are trying to stay in power by  restricting people's right to vote. For 7 years, Governor Wolf's veto  has protected voting rights, so they are trying to amend the State  constitution to bypass him.   We are seeing these types of voting suppression plans moving forward  in several States as well as plans to override the votes after the  votes have been cast.   To those who want to suppress votes or throw out vote counts, why are  you so afraid of the voters?   Let me repeat that: Why are you afraid of the voters?   Fortunately, Congress can still act. The House has acted twice. We  have passed the For the People Act almost 8 months ago on March 3, and  we have passed the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act in  August. Now the eyes of the Nation are on the Senate.   Will the Senators let the filibuster gut the sacred right to vote?   Personally, I would support an end to the filibuster but, I don't get  to vote on Senate rules.   According to the Brookings Institute analysis, there are 161  exceptions to the filibuster already. Let me repeat that: 161  exceptions to the filibuster. Everything from executive branch and  judicial appointments to budget reconciliation, to fast-track trade  agreements, to military base closures and arms sales, but not for  voting rights. There are 161 exceptions. Madam Speaker, you heard me  just describe to you those exceptions.   At a bare minimum, Senators who support voting rights need to create  exception number 162 to the filibuster--a voting rights exception. The  right to vote is the foundation of our democracy. The right to vote is  the foundation of our democracy.   Make that exception to the filibuster. Save our democracy.   It is important to understand just at this moment, this is a moment  in history. This is a moment. I had the pleasure of serving with the  late John Lewis on the Ways and Means Committee. And I watched him when  I was growing up as he walked across the bridge. I was 10 years old. He  demonstrated to all of us in this country what it means to be the  conscience; very similar to Congresswoman Joyce Beatty leading the  Congressional Black Caucus. The Congressional Black Caucus is the  conscience of this Congress, and we stand here today to add our voices  to make sure that people understand that we are in this fight, we were  determined in every way that you can think of, Madam Speaker, to fight  for that exception on the filibuster. We want to be clear and concise  and let people know that we are not accepting this. This is something  that is unacceptable. We must have the right to vote.   