 Madam Speaker, during Democrat's leadership of the House,  we have seen an unprecedented exercise of authority that only a  Democrat could wield due to the authoritarian nature of the actions.   Democrat leadership has fined Republican Members for not masking,  installed metal detectors, stripped another Republican of committee  assignments, issued and sought to enforce sweeping subpoenas against  the former President and his top advisers, and I am not just talking  about subpoenas related to the events of January 6.   Democrats on the Oversight Committee are chilling, if not infringing,  the First Amendment rights of advocacy groups, corporations, and  individuals.   They have asked for communications between certain nonprofit  organizations and certain Members' offices. These communications fall  squarely within the right to petition and freely associate.   And today, we are debating a resolution to censure Dr. Gosar for  something he posted to his Twitter account.   While Republicans certainly do not condone violence and extreme  behavior, my question for this body is: When will we exact punishment  in an equitable--that is one of the favorite words of my Democrat  colleagues--equitable manner?   Madam Speaker, we have Democrat colleagues who routinely call for  violence in the streets, make anti-Semitic comments on Twitter, launch  obscenities at our elected officials, and engage in inappropriate  relationships with Chinese operatives.   Yet, Madam Speaker, these Democrats maintain even their leadership  positions on prestigious and sensitive committees like the Intelligence  Committee.   The last time we took this extraordinary step to censure a member of  this House it was Congressman Rangel, and that was after a thorough  Ethics Committee investigation into tax evasion, improper use of  official resources, and other improper benefits.   Instead of solving America's crises--drugs flowing across the  southern border, rising gas prices and grocery prices, and this ongoing  pandemic--we are here on the floor debating the censure of Dr. Gosar.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this  resolution.   