 Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I would  just like to bring to my colleagues' attention to the front page of the  Wall Street Journal, the lead story, the headline above the fold today,  ``Annual Drug Overdose Deaths Top 100,000, Setting Record.'' For the 12  months ending in April, alltime record number of fatalities--a big  majority of them opioids, mostly synthetic opioids, driven primarily by  fentanyl. Unbelievable. Think of 100,000 new families in the last 12  months that will have an empty seat at the Thanksgiving Day dinner next  Thursday.   Pennsylvania has been hit as hard as any State, but every one of our  States has been hit hard by this.   So why am I objecting to this?   Because I have an amendment that at least on the margins would help.  It is simple, and it is common sense. It adds fentanyl to the majors  list. The majors list is the list that includes the countries that the  President has to identify as the largest producers of illicit fentanyl.  That is China. Let's be clear. But once these countries--any country-- is identified as a big producer of fentanyl, my bill would require  those countries to prosecute drug traffickers and schedule fentanyl as  a class, and if they do not, then they are not doing all they could and  should be doing to keep fentanyl off our streets; in which case, under  my amendment, the President would be authorized to withhold certain  categories of foreign aid.   This bill is so noncontroversial and common sense, it has actually  already passed this body just last year.  [[Page S8433]]    It is bipartisan. Senator Maggie Hassan from New Hampshire, a  Democrat, is my partner on the underlying bill.   And I would point out to my colleagues, I don't have any objection to  anyone getting an amendment vote. I am not holding up anybody's votes,  as long as we get this chance to reduce the flow of fentanyl coming  into America.   So I ask to modify the request to include my amendment No. 3925.    I object.   