 Mr. Speaker, the American people are hurting, and they  need our help now. Millions have lost their jobs over the past year  through no fault of their own, and more than 100,000 small businesses  have been forced to close forever due to COVID-19. The House has tried  to do the right thing. We passed multiple relief packages last year  that began to approach the scale needed to address the suffering in our  communities, only to meet resistance from Mitch McConnell's Senate and  the Trump administration.   Let's be honest, the Federal Government's handling of this pandemic  has been largely inept. The previous administration said it was just  the flu, that it would pass before we knew it, that injecting ourselves  with unproven substances would take care of the problem.   Extend that magical thinking to testing and vaccine distribution and  it is easy to see why the American people and the economy are in crisis  today. Now those same magical thinkers tell us that more aid for people  suffering across the Nation is not needed.   The Congressional Budget Office told all of us on Monday that the  Nation's unemployment rate will not return to prepandemic levels  throughout the rest of this decade. This decade.   Let's stop nickel-and-diming our response to this once-in-a-century  pandemic. Let's follow the advice of almost every major economist who  has  [[Page H306]]  urged us to act big. Doing too little is the real threat we face.   State and local governments have been providing tests and assisting  in vaccine distribution, all while losing tax revenue. They need our  help.   The unemployed are at risk of losing their homes, and working people  are going hungry. They need our help. Small businesses have lost demand  at a time they need it most to keep people employed. They need our  help.   I am proud to support additional direct payments to individuals, aid  for schools, aid for State and localities' public health programs. I am  proud to support more aid for struggling small businesses, addressing  our longstanding need for widespread broadband access, and minimum wage  that ensures no full-time worker in America lives below the poverty  line.   Let's do this. I urge all of my colleagues to support the resolution  before us.   