 Madam President, I am here on the floor of the Senate  this evening to talk about our shared national priorities for  addressing the Nation's infrastructure needs and my concerns--really  deep concerns--about the plan the Biden administration has outlined and  specifically the way they intend to pay for it.   I don't think there is a single Member in this Chamber who does not  recognize the need for us to invest in upgrading America's aging  infrastructure. Our network of roads, bridges,  [[Page S1868]]  ports, railroads, and more has played an integral role over the decades  in growing our world-class economy. Yet, according to a 2019 report,  the most recent one we have from the World Economic Forum, the United  States now ranks only 13th in the world in infrastructure based on  factors like the quality of our roads, how efficient our trains are,  and access to electricity and water.   So we can and should do more to improve our infrastructure,  particularly as competitors like China make substantial investments in  their own infrastructure every year. We can do so in a bipartisan way,  just as we have always done. In fact, last Congress, the Senate  Environment and Public Works Committee approved bipartisan  infrastructure legislation by a unanimous vote of 21 to 0. That was  just last Congress, 21 to 0. This bipartisan approach last Congress  totaled $287 billion--a substantial amount and one we have yet to  figure out how to pay for.   The current Transportation bill that is in play, the so-called  infrastructure bill from a few years ago, is about $310 billion. Yet,  even as we have to figure out how to fund the bipartisan $287 billion  package for roads and bridges from last year--a substantial amount in  its own right--the Biden administration recently introduced its own  infrastructure plan that totals $2.7 trillion, almost 10 times as much.   At the core of this Biden administration proposal is $620 billion in  infrastructure broadly defined. It has a generous definition of the  roads, bridges, and other physical transportation and water components  that have traditionally been considered infrastructure. So a generous  definition would be that out of the $2.7 trillion, $620 billion could  be called infrastructure based on the way Republicans and Democrats  alike have always looked at it, and again, that would include water,  electricity, and other forms of transportation, not just roads and  bridges. So about 20 percent of the Biden administration infrastructure  bill actually fits the bill.   The reason the overall package costs $2.7 trillion is because they  have included a broad set of liberal priorities that are a far cry from  what has ever been defined as infrastructure by either Democrats or  Republicans. So, I guess, knowing the popularity of infrastructure--and  it is popular; people want to see their roads and bridges repaired--the  Biden administration has simply redefined the word to include hundreds  of billions of dollars of spending on priorities like healthcare,  Federal office buildings and other facilities, research and  development, electric vehicle manufacturing, and more.   According to the Biden administration, paid leave is now  infrastructure, childcare is now infrastructure, and caregiving is now  infrastructure. While many are worthy causes and should be debated and  voted on separately, they don't belong in infrastructure bills.   This approach is troubling to me and, I know, to many of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle because it is a continuation of  the raw partisanship that defined the latest COVID-19 spending package  back in March. Rather than work to find good-faith negotiations with  Republicans to craft a package that can gain bipartisan support, the  Biden administration and Senate Democrats apparently are once again  looking into potentially using reconciliation to jam Republicans--to  pass another trillion-dollar-plus spending bill with a simple 50-vote  majority. And, like COVID-19, infrastructure has always been  bipartisan. So if you can't be bipartisan on COVID-19 and you can't be  bipartisan on infrastructure, what can you be bipartisan about?    This partisan approach, by the way, is the opposite of what President  Biden pledged on the campaign trail and in his inauguration address. In  his inaugural address, he talked about the need to get back to more  bipartisanship and urged unity. I agreed with that assessment and said  so at the time.   Unfortunately, he has apparently listened to the more strident voices  in his party and has gone down the partisan path. As with the $1.9  trillion COVID spending package last March, the end result could be  another spending bill that is far higher than it needs to be at a time  of record debt and deficits and another partisan bill that further  divides us at a time when we are already too divided. In fact, about a  quarter of the Biden plan is not paid for at all, taking us further  into debt.   But even more troubling to me is that the Democrats plan to pay for  roughly $2 trillion of this plan with massive tax increases on American  workers and consumers and by making us less competitive in the global  economy. This would completely reverse the progress we have made over  the past few years in making America competitive again. Thanks to the  2017 tax reforms that the Biden proposal would largely dismantle, in  the couple of years before COVID-19, we saw record growth in jobs and  wages, with the lowest poverty rate since the Federal Government  started keeping track of it 60 years ago.   In promoting the Biden tax increases, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen  claims we need to reverse the 2017 tax reforms because they encourage  businesses to move jobs out of the country. The reality is just the  opposite. The 2017 tax reforms stopped the so-called corporate tax  inversions, which caused American companies to become foreign companies  and move jobs and investment out of America because of our  uncompetitive tax laws. This happened to a number of companies in Ohio  and in every State, practically, represented in this Chamber.   The 2017 reforms also stopped the lockout effect that kept foreign  profits of U.S. companies overseas. They weren't bringing the profits  back. Instead, $1.6 trillion in overseas earnings has come back to the  United States and was invested right here at home.   Most importantly for working families, 70 percent of the savings from  the corporate tax cuts went into workers' wages, contributing to 19  straight months of wage growth of over 3 percent annually that we  enjoyed before the pandemic. This wage growth was really welcome in my  home State Ohio. We had lower wages, or flat wages, for more than a  decade.   And, by the way, who benefited most from this wage increase--19  straight months of wage increases? Lower and middle-income workers-- exactly what should have been happening.   Thanks to the 2017 reforms, the largest U.S. companies also increased  their domestic research and development expenditures by 25 percent,  which amounts to $707 billion more R&D. And they further increased  capital expenditures by 20 percent, aided by this return of foreign  profits.   All of this U.S. investment, job creation, and new R&D would be put  at risk by these proposed tax hikes. Under the Biden plan, which we  have heard is raising the corporate rate from 21 to 28 percent, in  actuality, the combined Federal and State corporate rate would go from  25.8 percent, where it is now when you include the State and Federal-- other countries like China don't have any State income tax on their  corporations. They just have the Federal rate. So we would be going  from 25.8 percent--by the way, which is already above the average of  23.4 percent for other developed countries, so-called OECD countries-- it would go from 25.8 percent up to a staggering 32.8 percent, the  highest rate in the developed world.   Our tax rate would once again be higher than China's and higher than  any country in the developed world--Japan, Europeans. This is exactly  what we got away from in 2017, and it was on a bipartisan basis. There  was a consensus for us to do that--maybe not the exact rate, but the  idea was to make America competitive again.   I cochaired a task force with a fellow Senator, a Democrat from the  across the aisle, Chuck Schumer, on the Finance Committee, and we came  up with this idea of saying: Let's go to a territorial-type tax system,  and let's lower the rate so that we can be competitive around the  world. That is what happened, and it is working.   Now, for some reason, the Biden administration says: We want to  reverse all that. These abrupt tax hikes, which actually would be five  times as large as the corresponding corporate tax cuts in 2017, would  make our workers and our businesses less competitive globally at a time  when our economy is just starting to recover.   The Biden plan goes well beyond just making our tax rates  uncompetitive again. It also doubles the tax on so-called global  intangible low-taxed income, or GILTI, making it more costly for U.S.  companies to operate outside the United States, more costly than any  other country's companies of any  [[Page S1869]]  developed country in the world. Again, it puts us at a competitive  disadvantage. It unfairly punishes American workers who have their jobs  here in America, supporting international operations.   In Ohio, for example, we have Procter & Gamble. It is headquartered  in my hometown. They rely on overseas production to serve foreign  markets in an affordable manner. They are not going to ship diapers  from here overseas because it is not cost-competitive. So, for the  foreign markets, they will make diapers in those foreign countries.  However, by doing so, they employ thousands of Ohioans and others  around this country who support those international sales. So all the  back-office work, the sales work, the research and development, and so  on is done here. The proposed Biden tax increases would make such  companies uncompetitive overseas, resulting in our losing markets there  and losing U.S. jobs. Remember, no other developed country in the world  does this except us. No other country taxes these companies on their  foreign profits. We got away from that on purpose, and we essentially  established a minimum tax, which, again, hardly any country in the  world has, but we wanted to have some balance here.   Now, under this proposal from the Biden administration, that tax  would be more than double. It is going to hurt us. The Biden  administration also proposes to eliminate a provision regarding what is  called foreign-derived intangible income, FDII. In 2017, we put FDII in  place for a very simple reason, and there seemed to be a consensus  about that, which is to provide a carrot to U.S. companies to do their  research and development here in America. It incentivized companies to  bring that research back and to keep that research here. It worked to  create high-skilled and high-wage jobs.   For example, Google, Cisco, and Facebook brought all of their  intellectual property home--brought all of their IP home. And we heard  from other U.S. companies like Intel and Disney, which said they kept  their IP in the United States due to this tax law change. Why would we  want that to go overseas?   The Biden administration claims that it wants the United States to be  more competitive, yet these proposed tax increases do just the  opposite. It makes no sense that while China and other countries are  increasing subsidies to businesses that innovate, the United States  would be punishing our workers and global companies, making them less  competitive   In what amounts to an astounding admission of how deeply flawed these  proposals are, when Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen announced the  proposal to increase taxes we just talked about, she actually went out  of her way to make a plea to other countries around the world. She  asked them to raise their own corporate tax rates and to increase their  own taxes to ensure, as she said, a more level playing field.   Understanding the nature of the intense global competition, our  competitors are doing just the opposite. It is naive to think that  because we are going to raise our taxes and ask them to do the same  that they would do that. They want more of the jobs and investment in  their country.   In fact, just this past week, the Finance Minister of Ireland, when  asked about this, said they have no interest in raising taxes. Ireland  is one of those countries that has made themselves competitive and  resulted in our tax law changes because they were taking jobs away from  us, and now we were bringing this IP and these jobs back. Ireland,  China, and these other countries are going to continue to lower  barriers to attract capital and jobs. It is wishful thinking, at best,  to think that because we are going to raise our taxes, they are going  to raise theirs.   The Biden plan would mean America standing alone atop the corporate  tax rate chart among all developed countries--standing alone, leaving  our businesses and workers to suffer the cost, a fact borne out from  multiple studies, including from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office that shows it is workers who bear most of the burden of higher  taxes in the form of lower wages and lost jobs. It is not the  corporations; it is the workers.   As I said before, there is a clear need for us to reinvest in  American infrastructure. I think we can all agree with that.  Republicans and Democrats alike want to do it, and, right now, in the  key committee of jurisdiction, by the way, the Senate Environment and  Public Works Committee, bipartisan negotiations are ongoing. This is  the same committee that had a unanimous vote last Congress on the  transportation legislation.   They are talking right now about how to put together a bipartisan  package. That is the right way to do it: Go through regular order and  allow Democrats and Republicans alike to offer their ideas.   There is also a group of Republicans and Democrats outside of the  committee who have met and are looking for a more sensible way forward.  I am among that group. There are others as well.   The partisan approach by the Biden administration looks to be taking  us down the road of another trillion-dollar-plus spending package  jammed through Congress with no support from the other side of the  aisle. That is not good for this institution. It is not good for this  country. It is not the way to get things done.   Instead of a $2.7 trillion plan that goes beyond any reasonable  definition of infrastructure and is mostly paid for with a devastating  tax hike on U.S. workers and our economy, let's do what we know works:  a bipartisan approach focused on what we have all agreed is  infrastructure--roads, bridges, ports, rail, broadband, and other true  infrastructure.   I believe if we take that more targeted approach, we can build on the  bipartisan framework this Congress has achieved in recent years and  work together to find commonsense ways to fund infrastructure  legislation, including user fees, which is what we have always used in  the past, without resorting to partisan tax hikes, which reduce the  competitiveness of U.S. workers, U.S. companies, and undermine  investment in our country. I hope we take that better approach.   I yield the floor.   