 Madam Speaker, I will note, in response to my colleagues  across the aisle, that there is nothing wrong with enforcing the  immigration laws that are on the books. That is all we are talking  about doing at the border, and keeping the border secure.   Madam Speaker, yesterday, I visited the southern border, and what I  saw was unacceptable, full stop. I witnessed the dangerous and rapidly  growing impacts of Biden's border crisis.   I spoke to Border Patrol agents on the front line of the crisis and  witnessed firsthand what they are up against. Thousands of migrants are  showing up every week, hanging onto the words and promises of President  Biden's goal of relaxing border restrictions.   Our Border Patrol agents are underresourced and overwhelmed. They  have been put in an untenable situation, with little regard for their  health or safety.   Department of Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas recently announced  the Department would begin allocating FEMA resources. FEMA is the  agency that is in charge of overseeing the pandemic and delivering  vaccines to our American citizens. He has taken resources away from  American citizens to deal with this crisis on the border. If FEMA is  involved, it is, by definition, a disaster.   Last week, senior Department of Homeland Security officials told the  committee that Customs and Border Protection doesn't have the capacity  to test and quarantine migrants in their custody, and that there was no  planning being done to ensure migrants are not released by the Federal  Government at the border if they are COVID-19 positive. Thousands have  been released.   I saw with my own eyes hundreds of people in this facility. Not a  single one was tested. And only half of the Border Patrol agents have  been inoculated. We don't know how many have COVID-19, and quite  frankly, I don't think they want to know.   In the midst of the ongoing pandemic, it is the Department's job to  ensure it doesn't release anyone who is COVID-19 positive. For this  reason, I support efforts to defeat the previous question and bring up  commonsense legislation to require that any individual released from  CBP or ICE custody tests negative for COVID-19.    Madam Speaker, President Biden's knee-jerk reversal of  productive, effective border security policies from the previous  administration  [[Page H1402]]  was a political calculation that has, quite frankly, backfired and  created a humanitarian, security, and public health crisis.   We can't allow our Nation's progress in overcoming the ongoing  pandemic to be undermined by dangerous policies allowing individuals  with COVID-19 to be released into our communities.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to defeat the previous  question.   