 Madam Speaker, I rise today to join my voice with my Utah  colleagues, vocalizing our great concern about the runaway inflation  impacting Americans across the country.   I remember the inflation of the 1970s. When I bought my first home,  we assumed a loan at 12 percent interest and thought that that was a  bargain at the time. I remember what it is like to lose 15 percent of  the value of a savings account in just 1 year.  [[Page H6312]]    I saw firsthand the devastation to our senior citizens and those on a  fixed income with runaway inflation.   Here we are, 40 years later, pretending that trillions of dollars of  wasted government spending is okay and that it won't impact inflation.   Madam Speaker, in the simplest terms, inflation is financially  handcuffing the American people and their families, which is further  evidenced by the fact that the Consumer Price Index is now showing the  highest level in over 30 years. That is not okay.   The White House tells us not to worry about inflation; it is all  under control. I think Utahns know better. They see the gas prices, and  they see the difference they pay at the grocery stores.   Utahns, specifically, have seen their gas prices rise by over 70  percent this last year. What is the response from Washington, D.C.? We  can fix this. All we need to do is spend trillions of dollars more.   Seriously? Employers can't find employees to do the work, and the  President touts his $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill as job-creating.   We also know that inflation is an unlegislated tax on hardworking  Americans, most notably some of our most vulnerable communities, like  low-income communities and rural communities with less access to goods  and services.   But instead of focusing on finding ways to address critical supply  chain shortages, to lower our energy costs through policies designed to  generate more independence on energy, and to address the growing  behavioral healthcare crisis, we are doing just the opposite. We shut  down U.S. pipelines and then ask our enemies to produce more dirty oil.   Here are the facts: 40 percent of all the money printed in the  history of this country was printed in the last 20 months. Forty  percent of all the money printed in the history of this country was  printed in the last 20 months.   Congress has already authorized, just this year alone, $3 trillion of  additional spending in addition to our normal spending, and we are  about to spend another $2 trillion.   It is hard to get your arms around what is a trillion dollars. Let me  put this in perspective. This $5 trillion of spending is approximately  $25,000 for every man, woman, and child in the United States. It gets  worse. Thirty years from now, unless we pay that money back--and I  don't think anybody believes we will have paid it back--that is now  three-quarters of a million dollars for every man, woman, and child  just in extra spending this year. That is not okay.   It is simply time to stop the bleeding and time to earnestly focus on  bipartisan solutions that will address the growing needs of the  American people.   We literally cannot afford to play partisan politics at the expense  of our constituents and, more importantly, our children and  grandchildren and our future generations.   