 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Protecting  America's Wilderness and Public Lands Act.   Those unfamiliar with Los Angeles may think it is a series of  communities interconnected only by freeways. But in fact, the opposite  is true. It is connected by the wildlife and open spaces that bridge  our communities and bring us together.   Mr. Speaker, for nearly 20 years, I have worked with my constituents  to expand, preserve, and protect the space that surrounds the L.A.  Basin, known as the Rim of the Valley. My legislation, which is  included in H.R. 803, is the Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation  Act, and it would expand the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation  area to include these pristine lands. The legislation will protect  almost 200,000 acres of open space for generations to come.   Los Angeles is one of the most park-poor regions in the country. And  during the pandemic, while many of us are stuck in our homes, it has  caused us to reevaluate our priorities and consider what matters most.   For me and many Angelenos, it has been spending time with family and  getting outdoors--hikes through Griffith Park, runs through the  Verdugos, or walks in the Arroyo. Trails are full on weekends, and that  won't change after the pandemic ends.   By expanding the national recreation area, the National Park Service  will have the authority to make capital improvements, like repairing  hiking trails and maintaining facilities for public enjoyment, studying  wildlife and its habitats, and participating in cooperative  conservation with local landowners. It will help ensure that wildlife  corridors that allow Los Angelenos to witness mountain lions, like P-22  and P-96, black bears we have come to know, like Meatball, and other  precious wildlife are still present in our own backyards.   This package of bills will also support the Biden administration's  commitment to conserving public lands and waters, as well as protecting  communities from the effects of climate change.   Like the last Congress, it is my hope that the House can pass this  bill with bipartisan support, and we will finally see this legislation  through to the finish line.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we have a willing partner with  President Biden, who strongly supports H.R. 803.   I thank Chairman Grijalva, Representative DeGette, and my other  colleagues who have bills in this package, for all the work they did on  this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 803.   