 Mr. President, I call up my amendment 91 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, my amendment creates a point of order  against repeal of the SALT tax deduction as part of the COVID package.   Any COVID relief package should be targeted at helping those in need,  not the benefit of the top 1 percent. According to JCT, over half of  the benefit from the repeal would go to those with incomes over $1  million, and $50,000 or lower wouldn't benefit at all.   According to an analysis of the Tax Policy Center, the top 1 percent  would receive an average tax cut of $144,000. No COVID relief package  should include six-figure tax cuts to multimillionaires when millions  of middle-class Americans are struggling to make ends meet.   And for the benefit of my friends on the other side of the aisle, it  is not progressive to give tax cuts to the top 1 percent of the people.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act and the waiver provisions of applicable budget  resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and  applicable budget resolutions for the purpose of Senate amendment 91,  and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I want to speak in opposition to it. I  ask unanimous consent to speak for 1 minute.    Mr. President, can you imagine the free market person  that Senator Cruz is wanting the government to set prices? This is  dirty Big Oil versus clean-burning ethanol.   (Applause.)   And for the benefit of people on the other side of the aisle, I had  conversations with Mr. Regan this week. He said that your President-- our President--was for ethanol. He also said, and I know, campaigning  in Iowa, Biden campaigned for ethanol.   So this is an opportunity. And this business that this isn't going to  cost anything--EPA itself said that there is no compliance cost. And  EPA in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals made very clear that these  waivers for small refineries were violating the law.   (Applause.)   