 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support  of this critical legislation. I want to start by thanking my partner,  Ranking Member Mario Diaz-Balart, for his collaboration and his  cooperation, which have made this a better bill reflecting many  bipartisan priorities which we can proudly support.   Division G, the T-HUD section, represents a renewed commitment to the  upgrading of our aging transportation infrastructure, addressing our  Nation's affordable housing and homelessness crises, bolstering our  resiliency to natural disasters and climate change, remedying  inequities and disparities in our housing and transportation systems,  and promoting safety--whether it be preventing carbon monoxide  poisoning in public housing or improving the certification of  complicated aircraft to improve aviation safety.   Overall, the bill includes $84.1 billion in discretionary funding.  That is an increase of nearly $8.7 billion over the fiscal year 2021  enacted level.   The bill also includes major increases in contract authority for  formula grant programs that draw on the highway trust fund rather than  discretionary funding, and in that respect, of course, we are mirroring  the INVEST in America Act recently passed by this body.   On the housing side of the ledger, we are preventing the evictions of  more than 4.8 million households by fully renewing all housing choice  vouchers and meeting the renewal needs of several other programs. This  is coupled with critical new investments, including more than 125,000  new tenant-based vouchers for low-income families and people  experiencing or at risk of homelessness, and over 4,000 new affordable  housing units for seniors and people with disabilities.   The bill increases the public housing fund by 11 percent to preserve  nearly 1 million units of affordable housing and improve the living  conditions for more than 2 million individuals served by our public  housing programs. The bill also includes significant increases for  Community Development Block Grants, the HOME Program, and NeighborWorks  to help expand affordable housing, spur community revitalization, and  generate jobs and economic activity.   Our bill, Madam Speaker, does right by transportation as well. All  modes receive robust funding, including highways, transit, rail,  aviation, bike and pedestrian projects, and ports. This bill nearly  doubles our investments in passenger and freight rail. It expands port  infrastructure programs by about one-third and emphasizes safety at the  Federal Aviation Administration. The bill includes the necessary  resources to ensure all projects in the Federal Transit  Administration's Capital Investment Grants pipeline--New Starts and  Small Starts--can move forward in 2022 and provides $1.2 billion for  the oversubscribed RAISE program.   Madam Speaker, we are proud of this bill, and we urge our colleagues  to support it with confidence.    Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose this  particularly reckless amendment. Surely, we can do better in this body  than undiscriminating, mindless, across-the-board cuts. It doesn't  matter what works or what doesn't. It doesn't matter what deserves  investment or what doesn't. Just cut it all.   Look at the damage to individual initiatives including many, and I  have singled out some, that Republicans are noteworthy for having  supported at least in the past.   Think about the FAA's Contract Tower Program that has been so  important for aviation in small communities; our improvement and  certification processes for major aircraft; the NeighborWorks programs  to support expansion of affordable housing opportunities; the housing  opportunities in this bill for veterans; the supportive service for  disabled people; housing opportunities for all kinds of people in need;  critical investments in our port infrastructure. Funding in this bill  increases that by about a third, and on it goes.   This amendment would not encourage DOT or HUD to do more with less.  It would force our constituents to do less with less.   Surely, we can do better than this. This is the opposite of  responsible, discriminating legislating, and I urge defeat of this  amendment.   