 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question. There is absolutely no denying that the Democrats want to  control every part of your life by allowing the IRS to snoop into your  bank accounts.   This is wrong. And for what? It is really truly all about control.  This unlawful surveillance is their latest gambit.   The Democrats' snooping scheme would include hiring 87,000 new IRS  agents at a cost of almost $80 billion. That is almost enough IRS  agents to fill up Sanford Stadium at the University of Georgia for a  Saturday football game. Now, I will take a college football stadium  full of SEC fans cheering on the Dawgs, but not one full of IRS agents.   The proposal that the Democrats have put out claims to only go after  wealthy tax cheats, but at its core, this is going to target every  single farmer, every single family, every single gig worker, every  single small business owner, and just about anyone who pays rent or  pays a mortgage.   Their bogus attempts to scale it back are meaningless. At any number,  this is wrong. Think about how long it would take, paying $200 a month  out of your bank account, or $200 a week out of your bank account, to  get to the $10,000 number that they have proposed.   Mr. Speaker, simply put, the Democrats' IRS surveillance plan is flat  out wrong. It is an outright violation of the Fourth Amendment of every  American. Government has no business sifting through our personal  information. This is a foundational principle that this country was  built on.   I will say it again. Whether the amount is $1, $600, $10,000, or $1  million, giving the IRS this kind of unfettered and unchecked power is  wrong. The threshold is irrelevant. Americans know that this is wrong.  We know it is wrong, and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  know that it is wrong.   Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so desperate to  find revenue to fund their Big Government socialist programs that they  are willing to violate the constitutional rights of our fellow  Americans. This is wrong. It is egregious on every front. Once again,  we know it; they know it; the American people know it; and that is why  we are pushing back.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so  that we can restore some reason and sanity and put an end to this  absurd proposal for the IRS to snoop on Americans' bank accounts.   Defeat the previous question so we can vote to prohibit IRS financial  surveillance of Americans' bank accounts.   