 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of what is now our  only remaining opportunity to understand the attack on the Capitol.   January 6 was a day when democracy in America almost gave way to  anarchy. It was also the worst day for law enforcement in America since  9/11.   Yes, the courts can tell us who brutally attacked our brave police  officers that day; who tried to stop, by violence, the peaceful  transfer of power from one President to another.   But they can't tell us why this happened; how and why did so many  ordinary Americans come to believe that storming our Capitol was a  perfectly normal thing to do; how did this movement become radicalized,  and what drives it to this day.   Because the lies are still being told, and I am not going to move on  from confronting a lie as others refuse to move on from promoting that  lie.   If somebody voted against a bipartisan commission and opposes this  select committee, it can only be because they don't want to know the  answers to the questions that still remain.   Madam Speaker, I am going to vote ``yes'' because I want to know  those answers so that this will never happen again.    Mr. Speaker, the INVEST in America Act will put  millions of Americans to work building 21st century infrastructure that  will make us again the envy of the world.   This is not Eisenhower 7.0, as the chairman often reminds us. Of  course, we are going to fix our highways, but we are not just going to  keep building bigger and wider ones. We are going to do something as  new and as bold today as the Interstate Highway System was in the  1950s.   So, yes, the bill invests in EV charging. Yes, it makes record  investments in passenger rail, including our important Hudson Tunnel  between New Jersey and New York.   And please, don't tell New Jersey commuters that they are riding the  Green New Deal to work every day. They just want better trains that  will get there faster than they did 100 years ago.   Anyone who wants to do just what we have been doing here for the last  few decades is basically saying they want to let other countries, like  China, master and market the clean energy technologies of the future.   Well, I am not going to cede our leadership. I want America to win. I  want America to do big and bold and great things again.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote for this bill.   