 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Oklahoma for  having this Special Order tonight.   Madam Speaker, my message tonight is simple. We are more than $28  trillion in debt and sinking fast. If we don't make drastic changes to  the way we govern, we won't have a country left to govern.   In 2011, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike  Mullen, famously proclaimed that the national debt is the single  greatest risk to our Nation.   When I was elected in 2014, 7 years ago, the national debt was $18  trillion. In just 7 years, Madam Speaker, we have increased the debt by  more than $10 trillion. In fact, we have spent more in the last year  than the annual economic production of every single country in the  world, with the exception of our own, China, and India.  [[Page H2805]]    Shockingly, President Biden's only idea of how to deal with our  rapidly increasing debt is to spend $6 trillion more. The President and  my colleagues across the aisle throw the word trillion around like it  is nothing. It is hard to contemplate the magnitude of a trillion, but  think about this: one trillion seconds is around 32,000 years. Let that  sink in.   The left's out of control spending and blatant disregard for our  future must absolutely be stopped. Our failure to do so will  undoubtedly lead us down the road to economic ruin, which is exactly  why the Republican Study Committee's, the RSC's balanced budget is our  best chance at reclaiming our fiscal future.   Madam Speaker, I am incredibly proud that one of my bills, the State  and Local Pensions Accountability and Security Act, which prohibits the  unelected bureaucrats at the Treasury Department or the Federal Reserve  from bailing out irresponsible State or local government pension  systems was included in the RSC's final budget proposal.   So let's eliminate the deficit and let's balance the budget in the  next 5 years, as this does. Let's cut spending by $14.4 trillion over  the next decade, and reduce taxes by $1.9 trillion, and get our country  back on the right track, and that is exactly what this budget proposal  does.   To quote my colleague from Alabama, Congressman Mo Brooks, he says,  ``Great nations weaken from within before they fall from without.'' Our  future generations are counting on us to get this done.    