 Mr. President, I think I am like you in one respect. You  know, I don't hate anybody, and I try to look for grace everywhere I  can find it. I have always believed there is always something to be  thankful for.   I came today to thank the Biden administration but also to ask for  its help.   First, I want to thank the President for encouraging everybody to  take the vaccine. I don't think anybody should be required to take the  vaccine, and I am not saying President Biden does, but he and his team  have been very aggressive in encouraging Americans to take the vaccine,  and I think that is the proper approach.   Do you have polio, Mr. President? I know you don't. I don't either.  Thank you, science. The vaccine, I think, works. And once again, we are  not telling anybody they have to take it, but I wish people would stop  and reflect on it and weigh the pros and the cons, and I think they  will see the pros outweigh the cons. I want to thank President Biden  for his efforts in that regard.   Here is my criticism: President Biden, at the worst possible time, is  about to raise the insurance premiums for every flood insurance  policyholder in America or almost all of them. So much for not hurting  the middle class. So much for not taxing the working people.   As you know, the National Flood Insurance Program, which is  administered by FEMA, began in 1968. Many people don't know this, but  if we own a home and we have homeowners insurance, our homeowners  insurance doesn't cover flooding. If we do want flood coverage and we  call our agent and ask them to place our flood coverage with a private  company, they are very difficult to find.   Almost no private companies offer flood insurance. So in 1968, the  U.S. Congress decided to form the National Flood Insurance Program and  have FEMA administer it. We insure, through our National Flood  Insurance Program--which, once again, is the almost exclusive source of  flood insurance for the American people--we insure about 5 million  people. About 500,000 of those people are in my State, Louisiana, but  we are not alone. I am sure we have people in Colorado. I know we have  people in New Jersey and New York, in most of the coastal States and in  many of the inland States, who have flood insurance.   Now, FEMA has decided to implement a new program called Risk Rating  2.0. They always come up with a fancy name when they are going to screw  you. Risk Rating 2.0. If you ask FEMA about it--you say: Well, what  does this do, FEMA? Well, they try not to answer your question first,  and they dodge and they bob and weave, but if you pin them down and  read their literature, they will say: Well, with Risk Rating 2.0, we no  longer are going to assess premiums on the basis of area; we are going  to look at every specific home and assess its risk and assign a  premium. We are also going to consider the future of climate change,  what things are going to be like 15, 20, 30 years from now.    I didn't come to debate climate change. I will save that for another  day. There is a lot not to debate about. There is a lot we agree about.  But this is coming from so-called experts. They are going to be able to  predict things 30, 40, 50, 100 years from now, when they can't tell us  if it is going to rain on Friday.   This is all a very clever way to raise everybody's premiums. As best  I can tell, about 80 percent of the people in my State who have to have  flood insurance are going to see their rates go up. FEMA is probably  going to start by doing a little bit the first year. They are going to  say: See, we told you that wasn't going to hurt. But then they are  going to do it the second year and third year and fourth year and fifth  year and sixth year.   Some of FEMA's minions who are advocating this say: Well, Kennedy, it  is not right for the American people to be subsidizing wealthy people  who have two or three homes and one of which is on the beach.   I agree with that. Those are not my people. Those are not my people.  My people who have flood insurance get up every day, go to work, obey  the law, pay their taxes, try to do the right thing by their kids, try  to save a little money for retirement, and their biggest financial  asset is their home. Through Risk Rating 2.0 or whatever clever name  they call it, when they start raising premiums, a lot of my people  can't afford it, and it is going to impact the value of their home.  They are going to lose equity in their most valuable asset, and they  are not going to be able to sell it. And you don't have to be  Einstein's cousin to figure this out. FEMA knows what it is doing.   This is the most dramatic transformation and change to the National  Flood Insurance Program since 1968. You would think that Congress would  have something to do with it. Wrong. FEMA is doing this on their own.  The first increases for new policyholders are going to take effect in  October; for everybody else, in April 2022.   You go to FEMA and say: Can we talk about this?  [[Page S3178]]    No. Read our pamphlet.   They haven't had any public hearings. They haven't allowed the public  to comment. They hired a very expensive consultant. They love expensive  consultants at FEMA--the more expensive, the better; the more expensive  the lawyers are, the better. They have hired a consultant to try to  cover their tracks on what they are doing here. This is just a flat-out  rate increase.   Insurance companies help FEMA administer the program. FEMA has told,  we found out, the insurance companies: We can't tell you about the new  program unless you sign a nondisclosure agreement because we don't want  you to tell anybody.   I mean, President Biden's FEMA is just going to drop this on us. And  it is not just Louisiana. Look, this does involve Louisiana. I mean,  last year, my people, we got hit by two major storms. We got hit, like  a lot of States, by an ice storm. Right now, South Louisiana, or a big  portion of it, is underwater. We just got hit with between 8 and 20  inches of rain, and we have people who are flooding who are not even  near a body of water.   I promise you, if you get 8 to 20 inches of rain in a short period of  time, you are going to flood--I don't care if you are in the desert. I  don't care if you are on Pikes Peak--you are going to flood. The water  has to go somewhere.   So, yes, this impacts Louisiana, but do you know who else it impacts?  New York. New Jersey. They are going to get devastated.   Chairman Brown, the chairman of our Banking Committee, very  generously held a hearing the other day on Risk Rating 2.0. We had some  really smart people come and testify about it. Of course FEMA wasn't  there. You can't find FEMA with a search party. You can't find FEMA  with Google. They are nowhere to be found. They don't want to answer  questions.   But we had a very intelligent, impressive lady from New York--I am  sorry, I have forgotten her name--who testified very eloquently about  how this rating increase across the board, willy-nilly, arbitrary,  capricious--we don't have any input--is going to devastate New York.   I am just very disappointed, and I am asking President Biden today to  pick up the telephone and call his new FEMA Director and say: Slow  down. At a minimum, don't treat the American people like morons. Sit  down and talk to them and explain what you are proposing to do and why  you are doing it, and let them have input   The second thing I wish the President would do is pick up the phone  and call his FEMA Director and say: Would you please consult Congress  and talk to Congress about it and let Congress have a little input?  Because last time I checked, there are three branches of government,  and this is unilateral action by one Federal Agency.   This is serious stuff. This is going to impact a lot of people. I  said this before, and I don't mean to overuse it. I try to save it for  really serious situations. But this is as serious as four heart attacks  and a stroke, and it is going to happen out of the blue come October.   I would just like to ask President Biden to consider asking his FEMA  Director to please slow down and let us think this through.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   