 Mr. Speaker, I do rise in opposition to both the rule and  the previous question so the House can consider H.R. 6235, the  Strategic Production Response Act, introduced by the top Republican on  the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mrs. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of  Washington, in the recent weeks.   This President and the Democrats are waging a war on fossil fuels and  affordable American energy, and American families are paying the price  in the form of skyrocketing energy bills and inflation that is surging,  frankly, out of control. We see that constant increase at the pump  literally every time we get in the car and pass a gas station in  virtually every State in the Union.   Before this President came into office, the U.S. was more energy  secure than ever before. Energy prices were low, stable, and  manufacturing was coming back to the U.S. after decades of offshoring.   Today, America's energy security is under siege by President Biden  and the Democrats. In fact, in the span of a year the price of crude  oil and many energy commodities has risen to a 7-year high. Gasoline  prices have nearly doubled, while more Americans are struggling  certainly to make ends meet.   Forecasts--even before this winter's heating costs season started,  American families were expected to pay some 54 percent more for  propane, 43 percent more for heating oil, 30 percent more for natural  gas, and 6 percent more for electric heating.   Even as millions of Americans depend on reliable and affordable  supplies of fossil-based fuels for home heating, electricity,  transportation, manufacturing, and agriculture, Democrats have doubled  down their anti-American energy agenda.   It was a mistake when President Biden canceled the Keystone XL  pipeline, which would have transported almost 1 million barrels a day  of stable energy supplies to the U.S.   President Biden issued a moratorium on energy development on Federal  lands. Now the administration is even considering killing Line 5,  another important pipeline that provides critical heating fuels and gas  to the Midwest.   Yes, faced with skyrocketing energy prices and low poll numbers, this  President has begged OPEC--of all places--OPEC and Russia--to pump more  oil. When OPEC and Russia refused to increase supplies, guess what,  President Biden then turned to China and resorted to tapping America's  Strategic Petroleum Reserve, rather than encourage drilling here  domestically.   This President turned to China for oil. China is persecuting more  than a million Uyghurs, Muslims, and other ethnic minorities. They  certainly don't share our values. America's Strategic Petroleum Reserve  is one of the Nation's most valuable energy security tools, and this  President and the Democrats are squandering it, using it for a  political coverup for their anti-fossil fuel agenda.   If allowed, this motion is pretty simple. It would protect the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve and lower gas prices by unleashing American  energy production.    The Strategic Petroleum Reserve was created by Congress to  respond to several oil supply disruptions, not as a bailout. This  administration has to end its hostility to producing energy right here  under our feet and reverse the policies that have contributed to the  energy crisis facing Americans today.   If this administration is serious about lowering gas prices it has to  stop encouraging other countries, and rather encourage ours to produce  gas and oil rather than relying on OPEC, Russia, and China.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question so we can consider this resolution.   