 Mr. President, right now, American families are  worried. The White House thinks inflation is a high-class problem. I  clearly imagine the price of Prada bags has gone up, but what the White  House continues to miss is that inflation is killing the buying power  of Americans on low and fixed incomes.   Across America, families are going through grocery store aisles,  seeing higher prices, and having to figure out what they can afford to  eat this week. Folks are passing by gas station after gas station,  looking for lower prices--to no avail. These aren't just headlines and  stories; these are real families who are living paycheck to paycheck  and struggling to keep up.   I grew up poor. When my parents' bills went up, it made it more  difficult for my family. When gas prices went up, it meant we had less  food to put on the table. None of us would wish that on anyone, but  that is exactly what is happening in Biden's America--high prices on  food, high prices on gas, empty shelves and supply shortages,  skyrocketing debt, and Big Government overreach--and that is just the  start. Energy prices are through the roof.   Let's take a look at the rising cost at the pump.   Just this week, the South Florida Sun-Sentinel ran a story with the  headline: ``Gas prices hit their highest levels since 2014. When will  we get a break?'' As gas prices keep rising, the message from Florida  couldn't be more clear.   Last week, the national gas average was $3.36 a gallon. It was $2.16  per gallon this time last year. That is a 55-percent increase in just 1  year. If you are driving a car, that means you are seeing an extra cost  of about $800 annually. If you are driving a truck, that means you are  probably seeing an extra cost of $1,400 annually.   More than 5,000 gas stations across the country are charging more  than $4.50 a gallon. In one California community, gas was nearly $8 per  gallon last week. That is insane. Prices may go up even more as  forecasters warn that oil could rise to more than $100 a barrel.   But rising costs don't stop at the pump; they follow you home. For  the nearly half of U.S. families who use natural gas to heat their  homes, it is going to cost them $746 just to stay warm during the  winter months. If you are using electric heat, prepare to spend more  than $1,200 on your electric bills. Reports show that, this winter,  home heating prices are going to rise by more than 40 percent for homes  that use heating oil, more than 30 percent for homes using natural gas,  and 54 percent for homes using propane. Factor in the rising cost of  meat, diapers, milk, and other everyday items, and things are looking  pretty dire for the American family.   Last week, President Biden said he ``doesn't have a near-term  answer'' for reducing gas prices. He doesn't appear to have a long-term  answer either. In the meantime, he expects families to just hang tight  while he does nothing until next year, when things will magically get  better.   We all know President Biden likes to play the blame game. This time,  he is blaming OPEC for not pumping out more foreign oil. Remember when  America was energy independent? Not anymore, thanks to Joe Biden. He  has done everything in his power to cut off America's domestic supply  and resources needed to warm our homes and run our cars.   In his first month in office, he cut the Keystone Pipeline permit and  killed thousands of American jobs. Then he suspended new oil and gas  leasing and drilling permits for Federal lands.   He filled his administration with people who have been longtime  advocates of a carbon tax, including Treasury Secretary Yellen, which  would only make the current problem worse. He has others, like Interior  Secretary Haaland, who want to completely ban fracking.   Oddly enough, he supported Russia's getting the Nord Stream 2  Pipeline, which gives Russia a massive win, and he has put us back into  the Paris climate accords, which are already ruining Europe. European  countries are scaling back on oil and gas production to meet the Paris  Agreement. In Portugal, electricity prices have tripled over the past 6  months, and Germany's prices are three times the U.S. average. Across  Europe, they have to rely on energy imports from Russia.   Instead of pursuing a path of energy independence, Biden continues to  push ridiculous energy policies in his massive $5.5 trillion spending  package that will cut our legs out from under us and cause America to  become even more dependent on Russia and the OPEC countries, and he is  relentlessly pursuing a reckless tax-and-spending spree even though we  know reckless spending causes inflation.   These effects might not be felt by President Biden, but I can tell  you that, since Biden took office, more families across the State of  Florida and across the Nation have felt the pain of having to count  their pennies.   For the sake of American families, we need to figure out what the  heck is going on. This is why I have introduced a very simple bill to  get to the bottom of these sky-high prices. I am thankful for Senators  Marshall, Lummis, Capito, Johnson, Moran, and Blackburn, who have  cosponsored this legislation.   The GAS Price Act will simply require the Energy Information  Administration to report publicly to Congress on any Federal Agency  policies or regulations that it determines will cause energy prices to  rise. All my bill does is ask a Federal Agency to provide important  information to us in Congress with a statement of facts on what is  causing rising energy prices since President Biden was sworn into  office. Then we can take this information, see what needs to be fixed,  and help the American people. That is it. Let's tell Americans why this  is happening, and let's figure out how to fix it. It is as simple as  that.   I am sure none of my colleagues would disagree to keeping Congress  informed about new rules or policies that have a negative financial  impact on families in our great State.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3086,  which is at the desk. Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    That would be interesting if it was true. When  you think about it--and you can look at oil prices, and they are  international oil prices--it is illogical to believe that the American  oil companies want to spend the transportation dollars to send the oil  overseas if they could sell it in America.   So, first off, I am truly shocked that my colleague would say those  things. I am shocked that he would object, but I get it. I know my  Democratic colleagues have to bend over backwards to protect the Biden  administration's disastrous energy policies. But I find it hard to  believe they would go so far as to object to having basic transparency.  Maybe, if what my colleague said was true, then my bill would show-- they would come back and say: Yup, that is exactly what happened.   My bill would simply provide us with greater insight into the cause  of rising gas and energy prices in the United States.   We must be committed to making the American dream work for everyone,  ensuring that every family, including poor families, have a chance to  get ahead.   I think about my mom and dad. I watched them struggle to make ends  meet. This inflation, these gas prices, food prices, all these things,  are hurting the poorest families in this country. When you get very  little, like we did, and prices go up--gas prices, food prices--it  means it is a very difficult time for these families. Hard-working  families are trying to get by.   We need to provide more information to Congress so we can make good  decisions to figure out why these gas prices are going up the way they  are.   So I am disappointed that my colleague would object to a simple way  of trying to figure out exactly what has happened here, why gas prices  are going up, and what should Congress be doing to make sure that  doesn't continue.   I yield the floor.   