 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman   John Garamendi, a  friend and a person who I have worked with on a host of issues over the  years, and Congressman Dusty Johnson. This is a good example of what  bipartisan cooperation is all about. Mr. Speaker, I commend Congressman  Garamendi's leadership in this effort--a member of the subcommittee and  the full committee--with Congressman DeFazio in working out the  differences, which was important.   Having said that, the Ocean Shipping Reform Act, of which I am a  cosponsor, is the first major update in Federal regulations for global  ocean shipping since 1998. Think about how much the world has changed  in 23 years in terms of trade.   This legislation, as I said, is a result of bipartisan efforts.   This legislation supports U.S. exporters who have been  disproportionately impacted by unfair trade practices in our ports and  harbors.   No ship arriving with imports should leave an American port empty  when products are ready to go, and that is what is happening, sadly.   Enacting strong regulatory framework will help end these disruptions  to deal with the issue of demurrage and backup on the supply chain that  has created this bottleneck.   We can and must do more to ensure that all exporters in this country  have a fair and level playing field. California agricultural producers,  as well as other U.S. exporters should be able to ship their products  without unnecessary delays. It is a national security issue.    The increased shipping container costs and delays exporters are  facing only continue to impact our recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.   Let me give you a local example. California is our Nation's largest  agricultural producer and exporter with more than 400 commodities, over  a third of the Nation's vegetables and two-thirds of the Nation's  fruits and nuts. Forty-four percent of California's agriculture  production is exported.   The San Pedro Bay Complex, which we otherwise call the Los Angeles  and Long Beach Ports in southern California is the ninth busiest in the  world and provides importation of 40 percent of the container industry  in America. Think about that. This is where the bottleneck is most  acute.   It is necessary that we utilize all resources to reduce port  congestion and empower the Federal Maritime Commission to do what they  can and should do. This is about short-term and long-term solutions to  relieve the bottleneck in this supply chain. This is about an effort  to, in fact, provide relief that benefits American workers, American  consumers. It is about the economic recovery; it is about trade; and it  is about jobs.   I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan piece of  legislation. It is a part of the short-term and long-term solution. I  recommend a ``yes'' vote on this legislation.   