 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I understand Senator Whitehouse has  reserved time on the floor, and I will yield to him when he does  arrive, but I would like to say a few words.   I would like to talk about the state of the coronavirus epidemic in  our country. But before I do I want to respond to the Senate  Parliamentarian's ruling last night on immigration reform.   While I am disappointed by this decision, I am not giving up on this  fight. There are too many lives at stake. Over the past 18 months,  thousands of DACA recipients and other immigrants have saved American  lives as doctors, intensive care nurses, paramedics, respiratory  therapists. They have risked their own lives for us, for our friends  and loved ones. The least we can do to honor their sacrifice is give  them a path to legal status in America.   In the coming days, Senate Democrats will present an alternative  proposal to the Senate Parliamentarian. But the fact is, we already  know how essential immigrants are to America and our economic future.   During the pandemic, undocumented immigrants have not only been  saving lives in our Nation's hospitals. They have been toiling in  extreme heat on farms across the country to secure the food that we eat  every day in America. They have defended our national security as  members of the military. They have been working as home health aides,  helping care for our parents and family members with disabilities. And  they have been caring for our children as teachers and childcare  workers.   They are Americans in every way except for their official legal  status. It is far past time to fix that, and that is exactly what  Senate Democrats intend to do through budget reconciliation.   This is an issue which is not new to the Senate. It is certainly not  new to me. It was 20 years ago that I introduced the DREAM Act--20  years.   Of course, many people have said: Durbin, if you are such a great  legislator, what are you waiting for?   And a lot of these Dreamers and DACA-protected people have said the  same.   I will tell them that, on at least five separate occasions, we have  brought the DREAM Act to the floor of the Senate only to be stopped by  the filibuster--five times during the course of 20 years.   The one time that it was passed during comprehensive immigration  reform, the Republican leadership in the House refused to consider the  measure, and it was left in the current state.   I recall the previous President, Donald Trump, assuring me that he  was going to take care of those kids--in his own words. Well, he  certainly did. He tried to abolish DACA and to remove the protection  which 780,000 of these young people have.   You see, these are young people who came to the United States as  infants, toddlers, and little babies. They were brought here by their  parents, and they grew up in America and did everything you were  supposed to do--went to school, had the odd jobs, worked around the  house, believed in the future of this country. But when they showed up  in the classrooms every day, they lifted their hands and pledged  allegiance to that flag. They believed it was their flag. And it wasn't  until later in life that their parents leveled with them, told them  that wasn't the case at all; they were undocumented--technically  illegal, in the words of some.   I can't imagine having that hanging over your head, knowing that any  day there might be a knock on the door, that someone in your family  might be removed, or your whole family deported, for that matter. They  lived under that shadow their entire lives, and they still did  remarkable, courageous things.   I have come to the floor of the Senate 125 times to tell their  stories individually with color photographs, to let my colleagues know  that there are people behind these numbers--real people, amazing  people. And over the years that I have told their stories, more and  more of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have come up afterward  and said: What can we do?   Well, what we can do is we can pass legislation to give these young  people a chance, to give many others a chance too.   These farm workers, for goodness sakes--half of the farm workers  toiling in America today are undocumented. We don't think twice about  whether we are going to eat the fruit that they pick or the vegetables  they deliver to the market. We take it for granted that it will be  there. Many of these people have spent a lifetime working for dirt  wages in miserable jobs that many Americans wouldn't consider.   To give them a chance to become legal in America is a reflection on  who we are.   I know my critics will say: Aren't you paying any attention to the  southern border?   I am. There is a lot to be done. Right now, we are dealing in Del  Rio, TX, with thousands of Haitians who were lured by some of these  smugglers and others to come to that port in the hope of being able to  enter the United States. That is not happening in most cases. Many of  them are even being returned to Haiti.   It doesn't solve the individual family problem but addresses the  reality of immigration in America today. There are certain fundamentals  we need in any immigration system. We won't get those fundamentals with  the current laws.   What are they? Basically, we need border security. In an age of  terrorism and drugs, we need to know who is coming into this country  and whether they are bringing anything with them that will hurt anyone.  Secondly, we should never knowingly allow a dangerous person to come in  the United States or to stay in an undocumented status, period. And  number three, America cannot absorb, at any given time, everyone who  wants to come and live here. We have to have an orderly process, one  that reflects our values, particularly for those who are seeking asylee  and refugee status.   The refugee issue was brought home to us a few days ago in  Afghanistan, where families in that country, who had helped American  soldiers in every way that they could and risked their own lives, asked  for refuge in the United States. The outpouring of support for those  refugees outweighed the numbers of critics and cynics, and I am glad  because I think that reflects who we really are.   In the next few hours and days, we will be preparing an alternative  approach to the Parliamentarian in the hopes that it can be included in  reconciliation and not be stopped again by the filibuster, which has  held it in the past.   I see my colleague, Senator Whitehouse, has arrived.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) are  necessarily absent.   