 Madam Speaker, I rise this evening in opposition to H.R.  5665.   All Americans can agree that persecution against any person or any  group on the basis of religion is wrong. Religious tolerance is a  fundamental value upon which this Nation was founded, which is why the  free exercise of religion is protected in the very first amendment to  our Constitution.   That same fundamental principle is why I persistently, in a  bipartisan manner, supported the Rohingya Muslims who have been  oppressed, victimized, and suffered genocide at the hands of the  Burmese military. This principle also explains why the Ambassador At  Large for International Religious Freedom and two other human rights  offices at the State Department are already doing the work called for  in this legislation.   However, the reasons to oppose this bill go beyond mere redundancy.  It is also significantly flawed because Democrats have refused to  include a definition of Islamophobia and Islamophobic incitement--the  very subject matter the bill purports to address. In fact, Democrats  voted down an amendment that I offered in committee to exclude  legitimate criticism from what counts as Islamophobia.   As a result, this bill doesn't make it clear whether the term  Islamophobia includes, for example, criticizing radical Islamic  terrorist groups or calling out the persecution of Christians. Is it  Islamophobic to oppose unacceptably intolerant blasphemy laws, or  criticize those who call for the destruction of Israel?   What about criticizing the Taliban's brutal repression of women, or  condemning those who deny the Holocaust, as Iran's Supreme Leader has  repeatedly done?   While clearly, none of these criticisms should be considered  Islamophobic, it is deeply concerning that this bill's supporters have  refused to protect such legitimate free speech. Thus, this legislation  could be used to label almost any criticism of Islam, including  criticism of Sharia law as Islamophobic.   It is almost as if its goal is to shut down all debate and protect  Islam from any criticism in polite society. Thus, we get to the core  problem of this bill--it treats the persecution of Muslims as uniquely  unacceptable. Let's face it, pretty much every religion faces  persecution, as anyone who has studied history can attest.   Arguably, Christians endured global persecution equal to or worse  than Muslims. Further, Hindus, the Falun Gong, the Baha'is, Tibetan  Buddhists, even atheists all experience repression on some corner of  the globe. While Muslims do face heinous genocides in China and Burma,  Christians and Yazidis also faced genocide at the hands of the Islamic  State not long ago.   Finally, this legislation ill-advisedly evaluates the persecution of  Muslims to a special category similar to the legislation that created  the special envoy to combat anti-Semitism. Unlike alleged Islamophobia,  anti-Semitism is a truly unique problem. In the aftermath of the  Holocaust, the world realized just how pernicious anti-Semitism was and  has been for centuries, and rightly sought to eliminate it.   Putting Islamophobia in the same category as anti-Semitism  dramatically understates, even trivializes the historic and pervasive  nature that makes anti-Semitism such a difficult problem to overcome.  Such a dangerous false equivalence might be used by extremists to  justify further anti-Semitic activity.   Madam Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  legislation.   