 Mr. President.    Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator  Tuberville for leading this very important effort.   I want to be very clear. What President Biden is proposing here is as  close to policy from communist China as we have seen in the United  States. In oppressive regimes like Cuba and communist China, we have  come to expect a surveillance state where the government has access to  every part of a person's life. Now Joe Biden wants to bring that here  to America.   Let me explain what the Biden administration and Democrats in  Washington are proposing. Democrats want to open your bank account to  Federal agents. Under Joe Biden's America, the Federal Government's  authority would be vastly expanded so the IRS can get a look at any  account over $600. The madness doesn't stop there. This new rule from  Joe Biden would also require banks to report every transaction of $600  or more. Does anyone honestly think the Federal Government will keep  your private information safe?   Want to buy a bed? Here comes the Federal Government. But say you  want to buy a new shotgun. Hunting season is coming up. Again, here  come the feds. How about giving money to your favorite charities;  supporting a cause or a political candidate you care about; for  childcare or paying for mental health counseling? Perhaps you are just  selling off a little furniture and want to put your profits in a  savings account. For every one of these transactions I have just  described, the government is going to come take a look.   Every American should be disgusted and furious by this insane  overreach of the Federal Government. Think about the private, personal  information the government would have access to. It is incredibly  intrusive, and Joe Biden wants to make it nearly limitless. Again, does  anyone honestly think the Federal Government would keep your private  information safe? I understand that families are angry. I have heard  from more than 18,000 constituents over just the last 2 weeks about how  disgusted they are with this plan.   Biden wants to expand the surveillance state of the Federal  Government to target every American family. Ninety-five percent of  American households have a bank account, and this policy will have  impacts on every single one of those accountholders. But it is not just  banks; Joe Biden is expanding the Federal surveillance state to monitor  your finances across the board. They will be watching your local credit  union and your PayPal and Venmo accounts. They will even be watching to  see how you spend and earn cryptocurrency. This is an outrageous  violation of Americans' privacy.   I think the Democrats are also hearing from their constituents.  Recent reports say the President and Democrats in the House are looking  at raising the threshold from $600 to $10,000. That would still hit  many Americans families.   We are not just talking about checking accounts; this applies to  savings, retirement, and investment accounts. You name it, the feds  want to take a look.   Again, I am not describing something in Cuba or communist China; I am  talking about what Joe Biden and the Democrats want to do right here in  the U.S.A. I can't wait for my Democratic colleague to explain why  President Biden is even proposing this. How can you possibly justify to  the American people that the IRS should be snooping around in their  bank, retirement, or investment accounts?   There is only one explanation, and it is simply terrifying. The  Democrats want to control how you spend your money. Democrats want to  control your expenditures, your charitable and  [[Page S6958]]  political giving, and your investments. The more power Democrats can  grab from American families, the more control they think they will get  over each and every American.   This all boils down to Joe Biden and the radical left bringing the  American people under the thumb of his socialist tax-and-spend agenda.  After all, how else is he going to be able to squeeze every last penny  out of American families' bank accounts to pay for his socialist plans?   Here is how the Democratic Party works: They refuse to audit our  Federal Agencies that year after year send billions in improper  payments to the wrong people, which they rarely ever recover. They  refuse to hold their government accountable for reckless waste and  massive debt. But they want to put the magnifying glass on hard-working  families who are just trying to live their dreams.   Under Biden's socialist regime, it is rules for thee but not for me.  How is that different from communist China, where the government lives  in opulence while their citizens live totally dependent on the  government in poverty?   I will not stand for this outrageous plan. No American should  tolerate this unprecedented overreach. I am proud to support Senator  Tuberville's legislation and hope every one of my colleagues looks at  this for what it is: communist China-style totalitarian surveillance.   I yield back to Senator Tuberville.    President Biden ran on a promise to be a  unifying moderate. He promised to bring America together. On the  campaign trail, he promised to ``shut down the virus, not the  country.'' As we have seen with his vaccine management, the opposite  has happened.   Joe Biden and Democrats in Washington have adopted an agenda of  systemic socialism focused on expanding government and Federal control.  In Joe Biden's America, the government knows better than the people,  and President Biden has shown that he is eager to use government  mandates to keep families in check.   President Biden's latest vaccine mandate for private companies  tramples on the personal freedoms of Americans. This unconstitutional  order will push more Americans out of the workforce, devastate our  economy with product and service shortages that cripple supply chains,  and throw America into a stagflation crisis not seen since the 1970s.   By forcing some working Americans to choose between keeping their  jobs or doing what they believe is best for their health, Biden's  mandate hurts the people he claims to help--workers, low-income  Americans, and seniors on a fixed income, who will all be either hit  with higher unemployment, higher prices, or a shortage of available  goods.   When I think about the impact of burdensome government regulations, I  think about my dad. My adopted father was a truckdriver. Anyone who has  driven trucks or been close to someone in that line of work knows how  demanding that job can be. It is hard work, and it is one of the most  critical jobs in our country. Truckdrivers are like the offensive  linemen of America's supply chain--often overlooked but absolutely  essential to getting things moving. Our country is already experiencing  a significant shortage of truckdrivers. We can't afford to lose any  more.   Of course, trucking isn't the only industry that will be affected by  Biden's unconstitutional mandate; nearly every sector is under the gun.  In an economy where simply keeping shelves stocked is an everyday  challenge, losing workers in almost any critical industry will have a  catastrophic impact across our supply chains and drive prices even  higher.   Just this week, a month and a half before Thanksgiving, Amazon began  already giving Black Friday discounts on goods because they expect so  many delays and shortages on goods. That means families who have to  wait for holiday bonuses before they can go shopping are going to be  facing ``out of stock'' signs online and in stores.   Joe Biden needs to answer this question: How is he going to fix this?  How can Joe Biden guarantee that our supply chains won't completely  crumble under his failed policies and mandates?   In fact, I urge President Biden to have Transportation Secretary Pete  Buttigieg and Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo testify to the Commerce  Committee on the shortages we are already seeing and the shortages that  we anticipate.   Ensuring the stability of American supply chains requires the urgent  attention of the Biden administration. As a member of the Commerce  Committee and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tourism, Trade, and  Export Promotion, I know this testimony from Secretaries Buttigieg and  Raimondo would be useful in understanding how this will be addressed.   We are already starting to see major supply issues. Seafood  restaurants in Miami are seeing price increases of 50 to 60 percent on  fish. Furniture stores in Florida are seeing wait times of 6 to 8  months before they can deliver certain products. Florida grocery stores  are warning of product shortages as customers are starting to see empty  shelves.   Small business owners and families aren't able to afford those kinds  of drastic increases, but if President Biden has his way, those  transportation difficulties are going to become even worse and prices  will rise even higher. Right now, rising prices on everyday goods are  forcing American families to make hard choices.   I have said it on this floor countless times, and I will say it  again: Reckless government spending causes inflation. The reckless  spending agenda of Joe Biden and Democrats here in Washington is having  disastrous effects on families across our country.   We can never forget that, as inflation worsens and prices surge  higher, it is the poorest Americans and those on fixed incomes who are  hurt the most. There are single moms wondering if they can put an extra  few gallons of gas in the car and still afford to put dinner on the  table this week or moms like mine who took on odd jobs to make ends  meet and watched the smallest price changes at the grocery store to  make sure we could still get by.   If President Biden actually spoke with small and midsized employers  and hard-working families instead of big banks and CEOs, he would learn  that massive Federal mandates won't help us get our economy back on  track. His Big Government mandates will only hurt us.   I want to be clear. I got the vaccine. I had COVID. And I encourage  every American to talk with their doctor and consider doing the same.  But getting the vaccine is a choice every American  [[Page S6964]]  gets to make for themselves. We can't give people an ultimatum to  comply, quit, or get fired. It is a gross overreach by the Federal  Government at a time when we need more jobs, not less; lower prices on  everyday goods, not higher.   Unlike Joe Biden and Democrats in Washington, I don't believe that  government knows better than the American people. My parents didn't  have much of a formal education, but they worked hard and made the  choices they felt were right for the health and well-being of our  family. They relied on government to keep them informed, and they made  their own choices. That is how government should work.   That is what I did when I was Governor of Florida. In 2016, Florida  was faced with the Zika virus, which impacted newborns. Rather than  placing mandates on pregnant women or restricting their travel to areas  with local transmission of Zika, which we knew where they were, we  simply informed Floridians. We worked to be as transparent as possible  and offered free Zika testing to all pregnant women in Florida. That is  how the Federal Government should deal with COVID. The government's  role in public health is to inform and support, not mandate.   Our country has seen labor shortages caused by Democrats' failed  policies of rewarding unemployment, paying people more to stay at home  than to get back to work. Energy prices are surging, and inflation is  raging. American families can't afford more of President's Biden's  radical policy decisions that are inflicting lasting damage and driving  our economy backwards.   Restoring and strengthening our supply chains is a critical step in  getting the American economy rolling forward.   It is time for President Biden to acknowledge that massive,  unconstitutional mandates on private companies won't do anything but  hurt American business and throw gasoline on the already raging  inflation crisis he has created.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   First, happy birthday. Is it your birthday?    As my colleague knows, the Census Bureau  performs critically important functions to collect accurate and timely  data. Unfortunately, I am concerned that this nominee will politicize  the Census Bureau and will not perform his duties in a fair and  unbiased fashion, which this position demands.   I cannot and will not consent to allowing this nominee to move  forward in an expedited manner. We should take a vote so every Senator  can get on the record with their support or opposition to this nominee.  Therefore, Mr. President, I object.   