 Mr. President, I appreciate my friend from Texas and his  comments, but I have trouble following some of them.   When he came to the floor after the deserved credit for the Trump  2017-2018 tax cut for the rich--70 percent of the benefits went to the  1 percent--he did take credit for his work in the Finance Committee. He  should take credit for that, but that is what drove this hole in the  deficit where the rich got richer.   I remember during that--and the Presiding Officer was not here at the  time, but he can still see it here.   You can look out the window, and you can see Senator McConnell's  office there and the lobbyists lined up. You should have seen it back  when Senator Cornyn was talking about this tax cut--this tax cut for  the rich--when they made these promises: You know, if you give tax cuts  to really rich people and corporations, it will trickle down, and we  will all do better. They will hire more people, and they will raise  wages.   Well, we know what they did. In fact, they just announced another  round of it--a whole bunch of stock buybacks for the executives. So we  know what happened during those years. Profits went up for  corporations, and stock markets soared. Executive compensation exploded  through the roof, and wages for most people in Mansfield, GA, and  Mansfield, OH, and Marietta, GA, and Marietta, OH, stayed flat. We know  that. That is why Build Back Better makes sense. It begins to put money  in people's pockets.   And what my friend from Texas--and we sit across from each other in  the Finance Committee and work together on some issues, and I  appreciate what he has done on some other bills. But what he didn't  explain is why every one of them opposes the child tax credit. On the  child tax credit, we know a number of things. I have been working on  this since 2013. It started with not a lot of support, but it built  huge support by this year, early this year. Sitting at this desk, on  March 6, I voted--as did the Presiding Officer from Georgia in the  first really big vote he cast as a Member of the Senate, in the  majority--for the child tax credit.   Two different times, every single Republican voted no. Every single  Democrat voted yes. Do you know what that meant? It meant that starting  in July, when we got it set up, 90 percent of the families in Georgia,  90 percent of the families in Ohio who have children under the age of  18 got at least a $3,000-a-year tax cut.   Think about that. There are families who struggle with paying rent.  Twenty-five percent of renters in this country before the pandemic paid  more than half their income in rent. Think of the pressure those  families are under if, at the end of every month, they cobble together  $700 to pay their rent. They get a $3,000 tax cut. The family who is  struggling to pay for diapers or childcare, especially--the cost of  childcare has exploded.   Whether it is Metro Atlanta or Metro Columbus, OH, or whether it is  smalltown Milledgeville or smalltown Shelby, OH, families struggle with  childcare, and this $300 a month per child--or $250, depending on the  age of the children--makes a huge difference in those families.   One father said: You know, for the first time, I have money now to  buy my daughter fast-pitch softball equipment.   A mother said to me: I have money now. For the first time, I can send  my son for a week to summer camp and buy school supplies in the fall.   And, as I said, for diapers and other expenses for infants, it makes  all the difference in the world.   I expect the Presiding Officer, I hope, has a long career in this  body. I don't know if he will ever get the opportunity to vote on  anything as big as what we did in March with the recovery act and what  we are about to do with Build Back Better. For me, they are the  highlights of my career.   I hope the Presiding Officer has a lot of years in front of him, but  this is the most consequential thing this Congress has done, not just  to fight poverty, lift poor kids and struggling parents who are working  so hard to raise kids and balance two jobs and all that, not just to  help kids get out of poverty but to make life easier.   As I said, 90 percent of the families who have children under 18 in  Georgia, in Ohio, and every State in between are going to get a $3,000- a-year tax cut. That alone is so important.   I wish my colleague from Texas would address why they all vote no.  They have had two chances. It sounds like they are going to take their  third chance and vote no again.   I don't understand it. Is it that the lobbyists who line up in  Senator McConnell's office have some weird philosophy that markets  always know better? Is it just that they don't really care about  helping kids? I don't know what their logic is. I just know what our  logic is, and it will make our country better.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Will Sheehan,  a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the 117th Congress.   