 Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleagues in support of life  and against the so-called Women's Health Protection Act, which would  radically expand abortion nationwide through all 9 months of pregnancy.   Importantly, rather than protecting women and their children, it  removes essential protections that are currently in place for both of  them.   Here is what the bill does instead. It abolishes informed consent  laws that ensure parental involvement in the decisions of their  children. It abolishes laws that regulate the prescribing or dispensing  of dangerous chemical abortion drugs.   Think about this for a minute. This bill would prohibit laws that  actually protect women from the harms of a dangerous, do-it-yourself  chemical abortion without seeing a doctor first. It abolishes laws that  regulate or restrict abortions performed via telemedicine. It abolishes  health and safety regulations for abortion clinics. It abolishes  waiting period laws. It abolishes laws that prevent abortion prior to  fetal viability, legislatively imposing the viability rule.   In addition, the bill would strip the rights of States to pass  lifesaving regulations on abortion and also requires that new pro-life  laws be approved by the Department of Justice before taking effect.   The radical nature of this bill goes so far as to make it impossible  to protect unborn children who have been diagnosed with Down syndrome  or other fetal anomaly diagnoses from selective abortions, as well as  enabling sex-selection abortions. It denies basic science.   But here is what we do know. At 6 weeks, the unborn baby has a  heartbeat of approximately 98 beats per minute. By 10 weeks, the unborn  baby has arms and legs, fingers and toes, and is sucking his or her  thumb. By 15 weeks, all of the unborn baby's major organs have formed.  They can feel pain, and surgeries have been successfully performed on  unborn babies at this age.   That is why I strongly oppose H.R. 3755. Since my first day in  Congress, I have stood to protect life and be a voice for the  defenseless, and I won't stop now.   