 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, inflation is hammering working families  from coast to coast, but Democrats want to print, borrow, and spend  billions more. Our economy is already sputtering on their watch, but  Democrats want to wallop the country with massive tax hikes that would  kill American jobs and discourage industry from locating here in our  country.   Everybody with a lick of common sense knows the massive, reckless  taxing-and-spending spree that Democrats are writing behind closed  doors is crazy. A supermajority of Americans--67 percent--say that  inflation and rising costs are harming everyone in the country and  government should cut back on spending and printing money as a result.  Sixty-seven percent of the American people--two in three Americans-- want Washington Democrats to step back from the precipice--an  overwhelming consensus.   But a few loud voices on the far left are yelling at Democrats to  ignore the people and take the plunge. The sheer financial cost of what  Democrats want to do to our country is literally jaw-dropping.   Even when the Congressional Budget Office had to swallow all the  Democrats' budget gimmicks and fuzzy math at face value, they still  found that this reckless taxing-and-spending spree would add--listen to  this--$800 billion to the deficit in the next 5 years; even with  swallowing all the gimmicks, another $800 billion in deficit spending  during a time of inflation.   But even that almost certainly undershoots the impact. The Democrats'  legislation pretends that liberals will let all of these huge new  entitlements simply expire after a few years. We all know that is a  total accounting fiction. They are marketing these new welfare programs  as moral imperatives. Democrats don't want them to expire, but they  draft bills with these fake expiration dates to make it appear like it  costs less.   Outside experts have tried to estimate the real cost of the bill. So  listen to this: If all these new welfare entitlements did not magically  fall away after a few years, they say the bill would actually cost  double--double--what Democrats say and leave us with $2.8 trillion in  new debt. Nonpartisan experts who look past the Democrats' fictional  accounting and fake assumptions find the bill would add $2.8 trillion  to the deficit.   So that is how you risk turning a couple years of inflation into a  full-on lost decade--a full-on lost decade.   But the problem with their reckless taxing-and-spending spree is not  just the pricetag. It is not the case that Democrats have cooked up a  great list of investments that would strengthen America but we just  can't afford it at  [[Page S8841]]  this particular moment, no. Our colleagues want to ram through a far- left wish list that would hurt families and help China.   So, look, there is no grand national project waiting on the other  side of all these trillions, no 21st-century version of the Hoover Dam  or the Interstate Highway System or the space race, nothing to really  make us proud; just a mediocre assortment of new welfare programs, new  transfers, and new bureaucratic power grabs.   And somehow it all seems tailormade to take existing problems in our  country and actually make them worse. Take, for example, the nationwide  labor shortage facing our economy right now.   One of the most vocal of the House's self-styled Democratic  socialists said last year that even after workplaces were once again  safe, people should simply refuse to go back to work--refuse to go back  to work. Forget science, forget economic recovery; just say no.   Well, this spring, the far left got their wish: a massive,  unnecessary spending package that stunted our comeback and literally  paid people to stay on the sidelines. By summertime, unfilled positions  were setting new all-time highs.   Yet Washington Democrats now want to double down with a plan that  would shatter a decades-old consensus about the link between welfare  and work. They want to massively expand access to welfare, including to  people in this country--listen to this--who are in this country  illegally by hijacking the child tax credit that was designed for  working families with actual tax liabilities. That is what the child  tax credit was for: to help working families who had actual tax  liabilities.   Or look at the ongoing obsession with the Green New Deal policies.  President Biden's cave to the far-left's climate agenda started on day  one: canceling American jobs, the Keystone XL Pipeline, and freezing  exploration on new sources of domestic energy.   Last year, the United States was a net energy exporter. Now, on  Democrats' watch, we have doubled our imports of Russian oil, and  American households are staring down an historic spike in home heating  costs.   Was it time to pump the brakes on green radicalism? Not if you ask  Washington Democrats. Their reckless taxing-and-spending spree would  heap a fresh batch of fees and mandates on producers of the most  affordable domestic energy while showering incentives on the pricey and  unreliable alternatives blue State liberals prefer.   Pouring government subsidies into green pet projects like electric  cars and solar panels would mean handing a massive windfall to Chinese  producers that dominate the markets for a slew of the rare earth  materials these products require. So it would hurt our families and  help China.   Look at education. The same Democrats who let their Big Labor  benefactors rob kids of in-person schooling are now letting the Justice  Department of the Biden administration scrutinize parents who dare to  question woke propaganda. Their reckless taxing-and-spending spree  would go even further to take power and control away from parents.  Democrats want to bring even more of kids' learning, down to pre-K,  under the thumb of woke bureaucrats and Big Labor.   Even prior to pre-K, Democrats have cooked up a crazy new labyrinth  of regulations and subsidies and mandates for daycare. President Biden  and Speaker Pelosi want to tell the American people how to raise their  kids and how to structure their private family arrangements. These  liberals want to take families' most personal life decisions and have  Washington pick winners and losers.   So listen to this: The cost of childcare would actually be driven up.  Families who have made different sets of sacrifices to have a parent or  grandparent raise their young kids would get absolutely nothing. Oh,  and listen to this: Many Americans' faith-based providers would be  intentionally shut out from important funding, and the culture warrior  Secretary Becerra would be calling the shots.   So it is like I said. The actual substance of their bill is as awful  as the pricetag. Democrats' plan wouldn't just waste trillions and  exacerbate inflation; it would also make American families' lives  considerably worse.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   