 Chairman Carper, thank you. Thank you for managing this  important legislation and all the work you have put into it.   You know, I asked my team today: Can you give me a sense of how much  of this underlying legislation we are talking about on the floor this  week that was already written? In other words, what did Senator Capito,  Senator Carper, and others on the EPW Committee, as an example, already  write with regard to this surface transportation bill that we are  simply picking up in this legislation and moving forward to be sure it  gets reauthorized, certainly before September 30, and we hope far  before that. And about half of the pages of the bill is language that  was written through the committee process here. Now, some may be happy  to hear that, and some may be unhappy to hear that, but that is the  truth. And, frankly, it made our job easier because a lot of the hard  work was done.   In the case of the legislation that Senators Carper and Capito  shepherded through their committee with regard to our highways and  bridges, it was a 20-to-nothing vote, as I recall, out of committee,  unanimous. So we thought it was appropriate for us not to tell them how  to do their job but to help them by picking up that legislation, and as  they have improved that legislation, their underlying authorization  legislation, and ensure that it is  [[Page S5543]]  included in the package. And I appreciate Senator Carper and Senator  Capito working with us on that even over the past few weeks. So, yes,  we have added more on top of it because we believe our Nation needs a  shot in the arm. We have enormous infrastructure needs. But without  Senator Capito and Senator Carper's involvement, 20 to nothing out of  committee, we wouldn't be where we are today, and that is the  foundation upon which this was built. So, again, I know that is not  understood by everybody, but that is a fact.   And our Nation's infrastructure does need the help. And this  legislation, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act before us right  now, is an unprecedented investment. It is historic, but it is that  because a historic investment is needed. It is important to note that  we did so without raising taxes on the American people or causing  further inflation in an already overheated economy. I heard some of my  colleagues on my side say: Gosh, I want to support you, but I am  worried about the spending and its impact on inflation. Well, this is  what the economists would call supply-side spending. This is long-term  spending for capital assets that may last 40, 50, 70 years. Think of a  bridge or think of another infrastructure project like a big water  infrastructure project. So it is a different kind of spending. It is  not going to be spent over the next year. In fact, very little, if any,  will be spent in the next year, but it will be spent over time--over 5,  10 years for these kinds of projects. That is the kind of money that  goes into building infrastructure and building jobs. Therefore, again,  on the supply side rather than the demand side of the economy, as  economists would say, it is not stimulating the economy in that way; it  is growing the economy long term.   Most economists who have looked at this, including economists like  Doug Holtz-Eakin, who used to be here at CBO, or an economist like  Michael Strain at the American Enterprise Institute or the Penn work- study at the University of Pennsylvania. They all say the same thing,  which is that this is actually counterinflationary kind of spending.  That is important.   I will say that this is needed because we are falling behind as a  country, and every State has its own needs here. I will tell you what  my needs are in the State of Ohio, which is that we make a lot of  stuff. So our factory workers who make tanks and cars and washing  machines, we want to be sure that our infrastructure works to be able  to get that to market. Sometimes that market is the United States, and  sometimes it is overseas. Therefore, our ports are important but so is  our rail and so are our highways. Our farmers--we have got a lot of  farmers in Ohio who plant crops. We want to make sure that those crops  can get to the elevators so that the grain can get out.    We have a lot of people in Ohio who live in cities and commute. And  so the mom who is looking at her commute every day and saying, ``Why do  I get stuck in traffic at rush hour both ways and have to spend all  this time in the car when I could be spending it with my kids,''  wouldn't it be great to improve those highways and those bridges to be  able to reduce the amount of time that someone is stuck in a car? So  this is about helping our country at a time when we need it.   There is probably no better example of that than broadband because  think about the child in Appalachian Ohio who has no Wi-Fi service-- like none. I am not talking about slow Wi-Fi; I am talking about no Wi- Fi. I look at my colleague from West Virginia and think of all the  counties in West Virginia that are in the same shape that they are in  Eastern Ohio. We are expanding broadband in an unprecedented way. The  deployment of broadband into the rural community but also access in the  more suburban and urban communities, that is really important because  that child now can be able to do the schoolwork at home. And during the  pandemic, of course, this has been a huge issue, but it is an issue  every day. Rather than having to drive with her mom to the local  library, which some girl might have to do in Appalachia to find a Wi-Fi  signal, she can actually get it at home because of this deployment we  have provided here, which is unprecedented.   So all of this is in this. It is all part of it. It is important.   The American Society of Civil Engineers has given our Nation a report  card every year. Our report card right now is a C-minus. We get a C- minus.   Now, I did get a couple C's in high school and college, so I don't  think C's are always terrible, but I don't want our infrastructure to  get a C, much less a C-minus.   They estimate that somewhere in America there is a water break every  2 minutes. Water infrastructure is part of this. They also estimate  that 43 percent of our public roads are in poor or mediocre condition.  This hasn't improved in years.   We are now listed 13th in the world for infrastructure in the most  recent rankings by the World Economic Forum. They, every year, look at  all these countries around the world and say, where do you rank? The  United States is right up there. I think Singapore and the United  States are some of the most competitive countries in the world, in  terms of all the analysis they do, but not on infrastructure. On  infrastructure, it drags us down because, frankly, we haven't invested  as other countries have.   The number out there that people use is that China spends four times  more than we do as a percent of their economy on infrastructure. I  think it is actually higher than that from the numbers I have seen. But  let's say it is four times more. China gets it. They know  infrastructure is important for economic growth. I talked earlier about  how it makes the economy more efficient and therefore more productive  and therefore you have more tax revenue generated. They get that. We  have allowed our infrastructure to get to the point where we are not  competitive as a country with so many others, not just developed  countries either.   We have cut back funding over the years, and so it is probably no  wonder this has happened. The Aspen Economic Strategy Group calculated  that as of 2017, our total spending on infrastructure across the public  and private sectors hit its lowest point since at least 1947. So  relatively speaking, we have less expenditures on infrastructure, and  this lack of investment has real impact. Historian Henry Petroski  estimates that the delays caused by traffic congestion alone cost our  economy more than $120 billion every year.   So I talked about the mom who is commuting and not being able to  spend more time with her kids because she is sitting in her car--$120  billion a year is the economic impact. That is important, too. One 2017  study by the American Society of Civil Engineers estimated there was a  total infrastructure gap of more than $2 trillion that we need to  address by 2025; otherwise, we could lose nearly $4 trillion in GDP,  economic growth, that we otherwise would have produced as a country.   Now, those are big numbers. Those are big numbers. These are the  engineers who say we have a gap of $2 trillion we need to address by  2025. Ours is $550 billion over the next 5 years--historic levels. Some  would say it may not be enough. I think it is. And you will hear a lot  about this, this week, all the different places where the  infrastructure investments are made. But others would say we need to do  even more. You can see that there is a need for renewed infrastructure.   Let me give you a really specific example, and it is one reason I am  interested in this project, honestly. For, gosh, 25 years now, we have  been talking about fixing our bridge in Cincinnati, OH. It is called  the Brent Spence Bridge. It is where I-75 and I-71 come together, so  think about all the commercial traffic. Actually, 3 percent of the  Nation's commerce goes over this one bridge every year. It is a huge  economic issue for us in Greater Cincinnati. There is congestion there  every day. It is a bottleneck. The bridge is busy. In fact, it is  carrying twice the number of cars that it was built to carry already.   There are no shoulders anymore on it because they tried to expand the  lanes as much as they can. We recently had two trucks crash there  partly because there is no shoulder, and the safety problems are huge  on that bridge. It took the bridge out for a couple months--a huge  economic impact, huge economic impact. This bridge, again, for 25  years, people have said: We have got to replace this bridge. It is not  safe. It is not big enough. It doesn't connect 71 and 75 in the way  that it  [[Page S5544]]  should for our commercial activities. It is a bridge that has been  deemed by the U.S. Department of Transportation as ``functionally  obsolete.'' That sounds pretty dramatic--``functionally obsolete.''  Unfortunately, again, these accidents continue to happen because it is  not safe. You have got 160,000 vehicles on it rather than the 80,000  per day it was designed to accommodate. It needs to be fixed, but it is  really expensive, and the local community and the State just simply  can't do it alone.   There are critical pieces of infrastructure like the Brent Spence  Bridge in States all over our country, from roads to railroads, to  ports, to broadband networks that all need upgrades to stay competitive  in this global economy. It is no surprise, then, that infrastructure is  an area where the American people really do want action. They get it on  this one. They want us to come together as Republicans and Democrats  and fix this problem.   There was a recent poll by CNBC saying 87 percent of Americans think  it is important we invest in improving our crumbling roads and bridges.  There was another poll that came out a couple months later, a very  recent poll, saying--again, this is a CBS poll--87 percent of Americans  support more Federal spending on repairing roads and bridges. Two  polls, 2 months apart, same number, 87 percent. Eighty-seven percent of  the American people don't agree on anything, but they do agree on this,  which is let's fix our infrastructure. Let's do what Presidents in  modern times have all said we ought to do: President Bush, President  Obama, President Trump, President Biden. President Trump had a proposal  for $1.5 trillion. Ours is $550 billion. President Trump is a  developer, a builder, and he understood the need for infrastructure  investment, but, frankly, Congress didn't work with him to get that  done. There were also issues about how that was to be paid for. But I  commend President Trump for raising that issue. He ought to be given  some credit because we might not be talking about it. At the end, he  continued to say we need to invest big time in infrastructure.    Then President Biden, in his campaign, said the same thing, and when  he took office, he said the same thing: We need to do an infrastructure  plan. His original plan wasn't one that Republicans could support  because it had huge tax increases in it and it had a lot of  infrastructure that wasn't core infrastructure. That is why we came  together as a bipartisan group.   Senator Capito is here. She worked with the White House on this to  try to come up with a way to move forward, and, again, that helped  create the foundation for what we have done here.   But the point is, Republicans and Democrats alike over the years have  said the same thing, which is, it is time; let's fix this  infrastructure.   Finally, we are giving infrastructure the help it needs and deserves  and giving the American people, more importantly, the infrastructure  that they want. And it is a good investment. One 2014 University of  Maryland study found that each dollar spent on infrastructure can  generate a return of as much as $3 to the U.S. economy--$1 in, $3 out.  It is smart spending if done correctly. That explains again why  President Trump put forward the $1.5 trillion package, why President  Biden put together a package, and why Democrats and Republicans alike  up here on Capitol Hill talked about infrastructure for years.   American workers need infrastructure. They don't need new taxes. That  is why, in this proposal, again, we say: Let's take the taxes out.  Let's pull the core infrastructure out so it is more focused on what is  really needed, and let's do it on a bipartisan basis. That is what we  do in this proposal.   The pro-growth policies put in place by Congress through the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act of 2017 was very good for our economy in every respect.  Wages went up, lowest poverty rate since we started keeping track of it  back in the 1950s. It had a lot of very good things. Unemployment was  at historic lows for many groups, including Blacks and Hispanics. It  was an overall 15-year low in unemployment.   We have to be sure that we are not raising taxes now because we went  into this pandemic with a strong economy, and we have to come out of it  with a strong economy. But infrastructure is something that we should  do without raising taxes.   There was a lot of discussion, after President Biden talked about  infrastructure, as to whether it could be partisan or bipartisan. There  were some people saying: Let's put it in what is call reconciliation,  where you don't need a single Republican vote. I applaud President  Biden and Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber for saying: You  know what, this is one where we ought to be able to get together. If  you can't get together on a bipartisan basis on infrastructure, where  can you?   That is why we were able to figure out a way--again, without raising  taxes and focusing on core infrastructure--to ensure that the critical  infrastructure we rely on every day--our roads, our bridges, our  railways, our electrical grids, our water supplies, our broadband and  more--will get fixed. Again, 87 percent of the American people are  looking for us to do that. It is no wonder. Go home and talk to the  people you represent in your State, and they will tell you this is one  where we can come together. We need to deal with the infrastructure  challenges we face and the digital divide that is out there.   What this does not include is a grab bag of social spending  priorities that the Democrats want to include in the other bill they  are talking about, which is the $3.5 trillion spending proposal they  unveiled earlier this month, and that is an important point my  colleagues should not miss.   The President has said that the $3.5 trillion package, the so-called  reconciliation package, will not include more core infrastructure  funding. In other words, the President has said: I propose $2.65  trillion. The bipartisan group pulled out core infrastructure and said  it is going to be $550 billion. I am now not going to put the  additional amount I wanted into reconciliation.   Simply put, Republicans and Democrats alike, coming together to focus  on the core part of this, without taxes, have ensured that the ``lot  more'' is not going to be spent both on core infrastructure and on so- called social infrastructure with huge tax increases in another  package. So this is the best thing for the American economy by far, to  have a bipartisan proposal.   The President has said that we are not going to double-dip. In other  words, infrastructure won't be in the next package. He said that  privately, he said that publicly, and I believe he will keep his word  on that. Certainly, those of us who were involved in this will ensure  that that is not part of the agreement that is violated.   So we are seeing these studies come out that show that this is the  right approach for the economy. We talked about the University of  Pennsylvania Wharton School of business proposal that says our proposal  will actually increase the economy, raise wages for workers, and  actually lower our national debt over the longer term. Again, because  of this feedback loop we talked about earlier, it makes the economy  more efficient, more productive, grows the economy, and more revenue  will be coming into the economy, and, again, we do so without raising  taxes.   A Democratic economist, Larry Summers, and many on the Republican  side of the aisle have been warning for months about inflation. Again,  as I said earlier, this is counterinflationary.    The bottom line is that the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act  will provide a historic investment in hard infrastructure, with input  from a bipartisan group of Senators, while avoiding the tax hikes and  the reckless spending proposed by the Biden administration.   Importantly, for the sake of future bipartisan hearings here in  Congress, this is an infrastructure plan that allows us to avoid the  repeat of the COVID-19 $1.9 trillion spending bill that passed under  the partisan process called reconciliation. It demonstrates to the  American people that, in fact, we can figure out how to work together  to get big things done. President Biden said he wanted to work in a  bipartisan way. Well, this is a great example of it. It is a genuine  effort on behalf of Republicans and Democrats to find common ground and  move our country forward.   I am committed to working with my colleagues here in the Senate to  see  [[Page S5545]]  this legislation through to the end. We have come a long way, and I  believe we are close to achieving a historic victory for the American  people. I encourage all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act so that we can truly make an  important bipartisan investment in the next generations of Americans.   I yield the floor.   