 Madam Speaker, the right to life is one of the founding  principles of our Nation. Every human being, born or unborn, is  entitled to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.   Yet today, we see this right under attack as the Biden administration  continues their war on the unborn by seeking to remove the Hyde  amendment, a  [[Page H3792]]  longstanding pro-life protection that has saved 2.5 million lives from  abortion since 1976.   Not too long ago, President Joe Biden stated: ``Those of us who are  opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.'' But his  proposed budget fails to include the Hyde amendment, making it clear  that President Biden does not continue to value the life of the unborn.   This is why I am a cosponsor of H.R. 18, the No Taxpayer Funding for  Abortion Act. I, like many Tennesseans, believe taxpayer dollars should  never be used to fund abortions.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    Madam Speaker, I rise tonight because I am outraged by the  Biden administration's lack of effort to protect our Nation from the  invasion of illegal immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border.   I have visited our southern border twice now this year, and I can  say, without a shadow of a doubt, it is a full-blown catastrophe on  every front: humanitarian, national security, and public health.   President Biden's irrational reversal of the Trump administration's  border security policies, like canceling construction of the border  wall, reversing the remain in Mexico policy, and sending mixed messages  about America's southern border, is why we face this unmitigated  disaster today.   There has been a surge of crossings, with more than 188,000 border  crossings reported in June, a 450 percent increase from just a year  ago.   On top of that, more than 7,500 new COVID cases were reported in  detention centers from April through the beginning of July--a surge at  the border, a surge of COVID.   U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents have seized 7,450 pounds of  fentanyl so far this year, enough to kill every American several times  over, and it is just getting worse.   States across the country are feeling the consequences of the border  crisis, including my home State of Tennessee. Although our State is  1,000 miles from the southern border, Tennesseans will bear the brunt  of this disaster in many ways, including in our school systems,  healthcare systems, and police departments, as planeloads of illegal  immigrants are offloaded in our communities.   We must reestablish law and order at the southern border by finishing  the border wall, fully reinstating the remain in Mexico policy,  robustly implementing title 42 authority, and sending a clear message  that our borders are not open to illegal crossings.   When it comes to the border crisis, Americans, including Tennesseans,  are looking for leadership, not denials, deflections, and distractions  from our sleepy leaders in the White House.   