 Mr. President, today I rise to ask that the Senate grant  unanimous consent to pass a bill that restores parents' rights to be  part of medical decisions for their children.   More than 70 percent of Americans agree that parents should have the  legal right to stop an abortion from being performed on their minor  child. Consequently, more than half of the States have laws on the  books that require some form of parental notification. Unfortunately,  the State laws cannot be fully enforced when children travel over State  lines or abortion providers assist minors in circumventing State laws.  [[Page S986]]    More troubling, evidence has surfaced in recent years that abortion  clinic staff deliberately fail to report suspected cases of statutory  rape as required by Federal law. In some cases, staff even help to hide  these crimes from parents and law enforcement   An undercover operation revealed that a disturbing 91 percent of  Planned Parenthood employees agreed to help conceal an instance of  statuary rape when a caller posing as a 13-year-old girl indicated she  wanted to conceal a relationship with a 22-year-old boyfriend by  getting an abortion. This too often means that children seeking  abortions are left alone and vulnerable when making a very difficult  decision.   My bill, the Parental Notification and Intervention Act, would combat  the troubling trend that cuts parents out of medical decisionmaking.  The bill prohibits an abortion provider from performing an abortion on  an unemancipated child without written notification to parents. This  creates legal protections for parents and ensures that children are not  left alone or unsupported when making difficult medical decisions with  long-lasting consequences.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 294 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   