 Mr. President, I want to thank my good friend Senator  Moran for actually all he has done to try to make it possible to see  the FIFA World Cup games come to Kansas City.   This is the biggest sporting event in the world. Frankly, soccer has  become a bigger part of the entire American society. Kids are playing  soccer out there before they can really focus on which way the soccer  ball is supposed to go. There is maybe nothing more fun than watching  the 3- and 4-year-old soccer match just to see what happens in that  match. But around the world, it is important. It is important where  Jerry and I live. Giant banners with the phrase ``We Want the Cup'' are  proudly displayed on buildings. They are on the streetcar. They are  everywhere you want to look. The Kansas City Chiefs' quarterback,  Patrick Mahomes, and the Royals' catcher, Salvador Perez, are leading  the charge to bring the World Cup to Kansas City.   There is no question that sports are a major part of where we live,  professional and nonprofessional. The Women's World Cup in 2019 was  celebrated by fans watching games in the Power & Light District. They  were broadcast on TV all over the world. Watching Kansas City fans  watch the World Cup, we saw hundreds of thousands of fans flood the  streets to join the Kansas City Royals in celebrating their World  Series title in 2015. We saw an incredible crowd when the Kansas City  Chiefs brought home the Lombardi Trophy in 2019. In 2023, Kansas City  will host the NFL Draft.   So if our friends from the World Cup selection team are watching,  there are others things that have happened to give evidence to the  great sports heartbeat of Kansas City. There is plenty to look at and  plenty to see. We have the infrastructure we think we need to meet that  world sporting event.   Arrowhead Stadium, as Senator Moran mentioned, is top notch. It is a  great place for fans. It is a great place to feel the sense of the game  and what can happen there. Local leaders have done everything they  could, I think, to secure the right kind of practice fields, the right  kind of facilities. Children's Mercy Park would be one of those. In  2021, the Concacaf Gold Cup was hosted there.   Mayor Quinton Lucas is here today. In fact, he is here watching us  today from the Gallery. He is here advocating for all things Kansas  City but is a particular advocate for seeing this world-class event  come to Kansas City.   Location is another advantage we have. We are right in the middle of  the country. We are close to the host cities in Canada and in Mexico  that would be part of this event. I think we are better positioned than  the other 16 cities to really move forward on this bid.   The new airport, as Senator Moran mentioned, will be welcoming to  whoever comes to this event if they come to Kansas City. They are going  to be pleased with that facility.   There are lots of opportunities in Kansas City to spend your free  time and enjoy what we get to enjoy all the time: the famous barbecue,  the world-class museums, the Negro Leagues Museum in Kansas City, the  Nelson-Atkins art gallery. There is really a vibrant nightlife and  music scene in Kansas City today.   Nearby States have agreed that Kansas City is the right choice. It  has become the Midwest choice for this event. In May, associations that  represent 310,000 youth soccer players, coaches, and referees from the  Midwest came together to endorse the Kansas City bid.   The financial benefits are obviously benefits that we would be  excited about if we get a chance to host this. According to the Kansas  City Sports Commission CEO and president, Kathy Nelson, the economic  impact on the region could be up to $1 billion.   With a rich sports culture, endless entertainment options, strong  infrastructure, and an easily accessible central location in our  country, Kansas City is the right choice for the 2026 FIFA World Cup  host city, and Senator Moran and I and our colleagues from Kansas and  Missouri endorse this effort and are glad that the selection team is  looking today at what they are going to get if they decide to come to  Kansas City.   I yield the floor.    Well, Madam President, in just a few short months this  year, we have seen a long list of problems develop in the country. Some  of them my good friend the Senator from West Virginia just talked  about. They range from inflation and debt to the hiring crisis, major  disruptions in the supply chain.   When I was home in Missouri last week meeting with all kinds of  employers and all kinds of businesses, big and small, everybody said:  We can't find workers; we can't get the supplies we need; and we can't  keep up with inflation.   What is astonishing to me is the Democrats continue to move forward  with their $3.5 trillion reckless tax-and-spending spree. And, you  know, it is easy to take that number and just reduce the length of time  you are going to try out all these new policies, and we are going to  have to talk about that because that is going to be a big mistake.   In fact, the $3.5 trillion reckless tax-and-spending spree, I think,  easily--if you extend all of the policies through the whole 10 years-- becomes a $5 trillion reckless tax-and-spending spree. If you reduce  the policies, it is pretty easy to get it to $2 trillion.   But if you reduce the policies by just saying, ``Instead of 10 years,  we are going to have this policy for 3 years; instead of 5 years, we  are going to have this policy for 1 year,'' all you have done is put  future Congresses in a place where, frankly, Democrats would hope they  can't say no.   After a year of the program, they can't say no to the second year of  the program; or after 3 years of the program, they can't say no. I  wouldn't take a whole lot of solace in the idea that we are going to  reduce the number unless we look at the policies behind the number.   Now, some of my colleagues and some of our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle--the side of the aisle that the Presiding Officer  will be sitting on now, the majority side of the aisle--have jumped  headlong into this for the most part, but some of our colleagues have  really raised some important questions.   For instance, one Senator said recently that expanding social  programs while ignoring the millions of open jobs--this is that  Senator's quote--``will only feed a dysfunction that could weaken our  economic recovery.''   And, of course, that is exactly right. Businesses across the country  are trying to hire workers for the more than 10 million job openings.  Half the small businesses say they have jobs that they are struggling  to fill--one-half of all small businesses.   I was in Farmington, MO, one day last week, and somebody at that  roundtable said: I used to say we need to do whatever it takes to get  skilled labor, and then occasionally I would say we need to do whatever  it takes to get part-time labor. Now I am saying we need to do whatever  it takes to get labor.   Because they can't fill the jobs they have.   What I was hearing all over our State, and I think every Senator in  this body is hearing the same thing, which is that people can't find  the people they need to do the work. Part of the reason that there are  empty store shelves is you can't get people to keep those store shelves  stocked, but part of the reason is that they can't get things to the  stores to put on the shelves.   Everything from shipyards to trucking routes, to supply chains aren't  working the way they should right now, and, largely, it is because they  don't have the help they need to have.   Now, I am all for looking at our long-term supply chain needs,  bringing things closer to our shores when we can do that, but that is  not the problem right now. The problem right now is we can't get the  things that come to our country to the places that they need to go, nor  the things that are made in our country to the places they need to go.   Businesses are trying to keep up with worker demand, but worker  shortage is making that impossible. Expanding and creating government  pay--government handouts, I think, was what one of our colleagues on  the Democratic side had referred to them as--if they are not connected  to need or to work  [[Page S7120]]  doesn't make sense. We all want to help people who are in need, but we  all want to do that in a rational way.   Another Democratic Senator pointed out the danger of all this extra  government spending the President wants is going to really drive up  inflation. And that is also correct. You can't put hundreds of billions  of dollars into the economy and not have that drive up inflation.   If people have money that they wouldn't have otherwise, particularly  money we had to borrow to get there or money we had to take out of the  functioning economy to get there, that money gets spent, but not in the  way that you would want it to be spent to grow an economy and do the  best things for individuals and families.   The big spending spree really began in March with a partisan--a  totally partisan, one-side-of-the-aisle only--$2 trillion so-called  COVID-19 relief law.   But, frankly, it was a recovery plan when a recovery was well  underway. I think the recovery plan slowed down the recovery and made  it less likely that people would get back to work. It made it more  likely that people would have money to spend that they wouldn't have  otherwise and drive inflation.   The expert opinion of economists on both sides of the aisle, who said  that what was done in March of this year would assure inflation would  rise, it is exactly the same thing they are saying about the bill that  is being debated right now. It has already happened, and it is  happening. Americans are paying more for everything from groceries to  gasoline, to a big purchases, like a new car, or even a used car is  selling at a new sudden premium.   Consumer prices have jumped 5.4 percent from 1 year ago. That is not  the kind of thing that does anything to help families. In fact,  according to Moody's Analytics, a family earning an average income of  about $70,000 is spending an extra $175 a month on food, fuel, and  housing because of what that article referred to as President Biden's  inflation.   The White House Chief of Staff the other day, when I asked about  inflation, said: Well, inflation was really a ``high class problem.''   I am not exactly sure what a high class problem means. If it means it  is a big problem, that is right. If it means as I think it means, it is  a problem that only wealthy Americans have to deal with, that couldn't  be right. It is not an upper-class problem or a high-income problem. It  is a problem that hits low-income households the hardest.   In the University of Michigan's latest survey of consumers said that  only 70 percent of the people in that survey--that consumer survey,  only 30 percent of people expect to be financially better off next year  than they are right now. Seventy percent thought they would either be  worse off or not make any gains at all.   That is not what we were seeing in 2018 and 2019 under the other tax  policies where, for the first time in a couple of decades, the  distribution of new income was strong at the lowest levels of working  families.   The Democratic response is: Let's raise taxes. Let's spend trillions  of dollars. Let's pile up more debt.   Or that one theory: No, it won't cost anything because we are paying  for it.   Well, obviously, if you are paying for it, it had to cost something.   And how are you paying for it?   You are paying for it by taking things out of the economy in one hand  and shoving them back into the economy with another.   At one point, one of our friends on the other side of the aisle  expressed his opinion, as he put it, that ``any expansion of social  programs must be targeted to those in need and not expanded beyond what  is fiscally possible.''   That is, of course, the right position. All of us want to help people  in need, but we don't want to expand that group beyond what you can  fiscally deal with and not harm their own opportunities in the economy.   This reckless tax-and-spending spree includes a number of ways on how  to expand social welfare programs and to cover people with high  incomes. They are trying to create permanent, expanded subsidies for  ObamaCare insurance plans. Now, we clearly have subsidies. They are  clearly permanent. They are clearly substantial. But the bill wants to  not only make the subsidies higher, but it wants them to be higher for  more people who have higher incomes to start with.   They are also talking about tuition-free community college. Well,  there is almost no community college in America today that is not  already tuition-free for those people who we have decided are in the  greatest need. That is what Pell grants are all about.   There is no community college in Missouri, and few community colleges  anywhere in the country, where the full Pell grant doesn't pay all  tuition, all books, and all fees with a little money left over to  travel back and forth to the campus.   I am a big supporter of Pell grants. I worked a few years ago to go  back to where we have year-round Pell grants. So if you are going to  school and something is working for you, you can stay in school. You  don't have to take a summer off and get a different job and then think  you are coming back in the fall to find out that that just didn't work  out.   We have solved this problem. If we haven't solved it adequately,  well, let's increase the Pell grant amount. And if that doesn't do the  job, why don't we increase the amount of family income you can have and  still qualify for the maximum Pell grant or some other portion of the  Pell grant?   There is an obvious solution here. As a matter of fact, in the markup  of the Labor-HHS bill, I think we added $400 to the annual Pell grant  this year, which is a pretty substantial increase in that grant. The  government already spends more than $28 billion every year for Pell  grants.   If you really want to make higher education expensive, make it free.  Go to every higher education institution in America, starting with  community colleges, and say: We are going to make this free.   I was a university president for 4 years, and we have all seen what  happens as we increased the government support for higher education.   I was the first person in my family to graduate from college. I am a  big advocate for higher education, but everybody needs to have a stake  in the game. You value what you pay for. You value what you have a  commitment to. Free usually doesn't get you where you want to get. We  don't want to duplicate what we are already doing, and we don't want to  create free programs for people who don't need free programs.   Finally, obviously, a lot of emphasis and unease on these tax  increases. One of my colleagues on the other side said our Tax Code  ``should not weaken our global competitiveness or the ability of  millions of small businesses to compete.''   That is undeniably true.   The 2017 Republican-led tax law followed a consensus that we need to  bring the U.S. in line with our global competitors. Let's not get out  of line and make it harder for us to compete. We were on an incredible  trajectory of job creation and pay for all of the working-class  families that had been left out of the system for too long. We could  easily wipe out those gains with a corporate tax rate increase that  loses our competitive advantage to people who we don't want to lose it  to.   Democrats are also aiming several of their tax hikes at small  businesses and family farms. They plan to hike, we hear, those taxes by  57 percent of the top marginal rate, from 29.6 to 46.4. There are a lot  of concerns with the legislation that President Biden and his allies in  Congress are trying to push through.   The American economy is struggling against the headwinds of an,  frankly, administration that has done so much to create on its own.  This terrible legislation would just make everything worse. Let's not  work on one side only to make everything worse. Let's see what we can  do to work together to make everything better.   With that, I yield the floor.   