 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in recent days the Biden administration  has backed away from its original goal to reopen most schools within  the first 100 days. This comes despite new Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention research recommending that schools can safely reopen for  in-person instruction.   Arkansas schools reopened their doors in August of 2020. Currently,  the Arkansas Department of Education reports that 67 percent of K-12  students are attending school in-person full time, almost 13 percent  have a hybrid schedule, and 20 percent are entirely remote.   Natural State school districts invested in cleaning supplies,  barriers, and retrofitting classrooms. Educators thought creatively and  found solutions to these new problems. And although every school and  community has different challenges, they moved ahead with the same  goal: finding the best and the safest way to get and keep children and  teachers in the classroom.   I had the opportunity to visit several school districts last fall. I  was so impressed with their daily efforts to keep their doors open,  keep their staff healthy, and provide the learning that children  desperately need.   These heroes need our support. Over the course of this past year,  Congress has delivered $113 billion--and over $686 million to  Arkansas--to support education through the COVID-19 pandemic, including  nearly $68 billion to help bring K-12 students back into the classroom.  That money is already hard at work. However, much of it remains to be  spent.   Parents can see that virtual learning simply isn't working. If you  need more evidence of the unbalanced impact of 100-percent virtual  learning, a study by the RAND Corporation in fall 2020 highlighted  tremendous areas of concern. Researchers surveyed educators across the  country and concluded that State and Federal Governments needed to  prioritize making schools safe to attend. One particularly shocking  result of the survey found that principals in America's highest poverty  schools reported only 80 percent of their students had adequate  internet access at home. When schools are virtual, we are knowingly  failing 20 percent of those students without even getting to the  question of how effective the instruction is or addressing the negative  effects on students' social needs and development.   This crisis in education also means that families are falling behind.  Women, in particular, are shouldering an incredible burden through this  pandemic. In February 2020, women held the majority of nonfarm payroll  jobs. They outnumbered men in the workforce for the first time in  American history. Today, the number of women in the workforce is at a  33-year low. Much of this is attributed to the outsized role women are  playing in balancing their families' financial, educational, and  caregiving needs.   Of all the challenges we have faced through the COVID-19 pandemic,  the mission of educating children continues to be one of the most  critical and complex. It has been rewarding to see educators receive  their much needed COVID-19 vaccine. These heroes are essential to our  recovery.   Arkansas is setting the example. The Natural State can be proud of  the teachers, administrators, and elected leaders who continue to find  ways to keep schools open and provide critical services that children  deserve. It is time that students in other States have the same  opportunities.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   