 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today to speak in favor of the  underlying resolution and urge my colleagues to support it. I will be  very brief.   I would like to tackle three topics, amongst many, in this package. I  would like to talk a bit about the crisis that stands ahead of us with  respect to summer learning and summer programming for kids all across  this country. I would like to talk a little bit about the importance of  expediting the pace of vaccinations and then, lastly, about the global  fight that lies ahead of us to make sure that we are building a  pandemic response infrastructure around the world that makes sure this  never, ever happens again.   Before delving into those three topics, let me just say that we have  an opportunity to pass programming to meet this moment that is wildly  popular. There was a poll out yesterday that suggests that many of the  most important programming in this package enjoy 70 percent support  amongst the public. The relief checks, which will total $2,000--$600  from last year, $1,400 in this package--have 74 percent support among  the American public. Only 13 percent of Americans oppose those checks.  Increased Federal funding for vaccinations--69 percent favor that  increased funding; 17 percent oppose it. Those are difficult numbers to  get on any major area of policy in the United States today. To have 74  percent in favor of anything is pretty impressive.   But it speaks to the moment. It speaks to the expectations that  Americans have. But it also speaks to the  [[Page S309]]  fact that there is unity in the American public about what we need to  do.   President Biden rightly talked about unifying the country around an  agenda to build back this country better, and these polling numbers  show that he has done that because you don't get to 74 percent support  for an initiative without a whole bunch of Democrats, Independents, and  Republicans supporting that measure.   So we hope--we want to get to a place where we have bipartisan  support in the Senate, but we know we have bipartisan support for this  agenda out in the American public. These polling numbers and polling  numbers to come will prove that. The reason is that the crises we are  trying to address don't really care what your politics are.   Let me talk about these three distinct areas.   First, I want to talk about what is happening in our schools. Others  have done that in a far more articulate way, so I want to drill down  specifically on what is going to happen this summer.   Schools are in crisis right now. I know that because I have two kids  in public school--in a big, urban public school. They haven't been back  in the classroom at all. They have continued to learn from home the  entire time. But they have all the support that they need around them-- two loving parents who are willing and able to help in any way that we  can. Not every child has that. So schools have been scrambling just to  make sure that they are doing instruction right, that they are opening  schools safely, that they are building support systems around students.   But come this summer, you are going to have all sorts of kids who  aren't going to have programming ready for them, aren't going to have a  safe place to go, and are going to have tremendous amounts of learning  loss.   You are also going to have kids who are in need of a really healthy,  safe place to be this summer. Some kids will need deep academic  experience, but others kids are just going to need some emotional  growth, are going to need something fun to do so that they have the  ability to restart and be ready to reenter what will, hopefully, be a  much more normal-looking classroom.   In this bill is over $100 billion for schools, to support the safe  reopening of schools. And what we do in this plan that the President is  proposing to us is to allow for some of that money to be used for  summer programming.   I am going to make a pitch to have a set-aside, a portion of money  dedicated to summer programming. But what we all agree on--those of us  who support this package--is that the challenge ahead of us is not just  how we keep schools open and open those that have had their doors  closed, but what we do to support kids for 12 months of the year, not  just 9 months of the year.   This is going to be a tough summer for a lot of kids, and we have to  have a specific focus--as this plan does--on meaningful summer  programming for kids--programming that is emotionally healthy, that  addresses some of this learning loss.   In a typical year, middle-class kids--kids with families that have  some means--are five times as likely as those living in poverty to  attend a summer camp, twice as likely to visit a museum or go to a  performance. We can't allow for that disparity to be present this  summer, not this summer. We have to have funding in this bill. We have  to pass funding through Congress to make sure that every kid in  thi country, especially kids coming from limited-means backgrounds, can  get into quality summer programming. This summer we have to make that  promise to them.    Second, let me talk about vaccines. I know my colleague from  Connecticut is going to talk about this as well.   We did well this past week. There were 1.36 million doses  administered. I say ``well'' because that is 20 percent more than we  did the following week, but it is not good enough.   In this plan from President Biden is $10 billion to operationalize  the Defense Production Act. Senator Baldwin and I have been working on  this issue for the better part of a year. If you want to produce more  vaccine, if you want to produce more testing equipment, more PPE, then  you have to organize America's industrial base better than what was  happening under the Trump administration. You have to go out and find  every potential manufacturing partner who can help Pfizer and Moderna  and Johnson & Johnson and any vaccine maker that comes after them be  able to make more and make it faster.   We are standing up capacity in Connecticut. We are doing well--No. 3  nationally in terms of the percentage of shots that we get into  people's arms--but we can do a lot more. We just need that production  to be ramped up. In this bill is specific money to operationalize the  Defense Production Act so that we can make more vaccines. That is one  of the most important parts of this bill.   Finally, I wanted to talk about the global challenge that we have  ahead of us. This virus didn't start in the United States. But, man, it  moved quick--from a wet market in China to the west coast of the United  States to today, with 400,000 lives having been lost. And the question  is: Why? Why was this virus able to move so quickly? Why weren't we  able to contain it? Why didn't we learn more about it earlier? Why  wasn't the world ready for this moment?   Now, China has a lot to answer for. But, frankly, the whole world has  to understand that we didn't allocate resources properly. The United  States didn't allocate resources properly. We spent, last year, $740  billion on hardware for the Department of Defense and $12 billion on  global public health. Nobody today, living in the United States, would  tell you that that was the correct allocation. So inside President  Biden's package is funding to start to rebuild the global pandemic  prevention infrastructure.   I won't go into the details of how we do that today, but there are  estimates suggesting that we are going to need over $20 billion  globally in order to stand up greater capacities. That means more  resources at a reformed WHO. That means more U.S. diplomats who are  working in the public health space. That means doing partnerships with  developing nations in which we put some money on the table in exchange  for public health reform so that they can strengthen their own systems  of pandemic detection and prevention.   But even if you drive this thing down in the United States, so long  as there are outbreaks that exist on the other side of the world, we  are still at risk. And there may come along a virus down the road that  is even more contagious, that spreads even faster than this one, so  shame on us if we don't, at the same time, lock down this virus  domestically and set up a system of defense internationally to make  sure that we are ready for the next one.   We can walk and chew gum at the same time. And President Biden's  focus on rebuilding our alliances comes at the right time because we  are not going to be able to do this by ourselves.   We have to meet the moment. We can't go small right now. The problems  are too big.   Senator Blumenthal and I have spent lots of time at food banks in  Connecticut. We have never, ever seen the desperate need that exists  today in our State. Shame on us if we don't use the power that has been  granted us to both take on this virus and deliver economic prosperity  to people who have had it robbed from them through no fault of their  own.   I urge my colleagues' support for the budget resolution.   I yield the floor.   