 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 486, I call up  the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 14) providing for congressional  disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule  submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ``Oil and  Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and  Modified Sources Review'', and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on S.J. Res. 14.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today, we are here to consider S.J. Res. 14, a joint  resolution providing for congressional disapproval of the Environmental  Protection Agency's 2020 methane rescission rule. This Trump EPA action  removed direct Federal limits on methane pollution from new and  modified oil and gas facilities, essentially increasing pollution and  exacerbating the climate crisis.   While we are voting on the Senate version of this joint resolution  today, I want to thank my colleagues, Representatives DeGette, Peters,  and Lamb, for leading this effort in the House. The House version of  this resolution advanced out of the Energy and Commerce Committee  earlier this month.   Mr. Speaker, methane is a potent climate-disrupting greenhouse gas  that is responsible for approximately one-third of our warming and  resulting climate disruption. Addressing methane is an urgent and  essential step to mitigate climate change.   The greatest and most cost-effective way to curb methane pollution  over the next decade is through the fossil fuel sector, which is the  largest industrial source of methane emissions in the United States.   Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA has a responsibility and obligation  to protect public health and welfare from dangerous climate pollution  like methane. But because of the Trump rescission rule, there are now  no clean air protections in place to curb dangerous methane pollution  from the oil and gas sector.   What is more, the Trump rule created massive regulatory loopholes  that shield the vast majority of climate pollution produced by the oil  and gas industry from critical Federal standards for years to come.   The Trump action was a thinly veiled attempt to block regulation of  the worst oil and gas industry actors at the expense of our health, our  safety, and our planet; and it came at a time when we need these  protections more than ever.   Mr. Speaker, without bold action to curb emissions from the hundreds  of thousands of sources in the oil and gas sector, methane pollution  will continue to cause significant harm to public health, threaten the  stability of our economy, and compromise the well-being of future  generations and the planet.   That is why this joint resolution disapproving of the rescission rule  and reinstating the 2016 Obama-era methane standards is so important.   Ambitiously addressing methane can yield tremendous climate, public  health, and financial benefits across the country. It is why we see an  outpouring of support from business and consumer groups, State and  Tribal officials, local government officials, outdoor recreation and  tourism leaders, environmental and conservation groups, and health and  faith leaders. We even have significant support from within the oil and  gas industry itself.  [[Page H3140]]    So, today, we are using the Congressional Review Act to soundly  reject and nullify one of the most egregious environmental rollbacks of  the Trump administration.   With today's vote, Congress stops the significant retreat we  witnessed during the previous administration in the fight against  climate change, and we reinstate an essential tool for addressing the  harm a warming world means for our communities, our health, our  economy, and the planet.   With today's vote, Congress restores the robust Clean Air Act  pollution standards established in 2012 and 2016, while clearing a path  for stronger protections in the future.   With today's vote, Mr. Speaker, Congress recognizes the danger  methane poses, as well as the economic opportunity and certainty  created with commonsense and cost-effective limits on this pollution.   Since the Senate already passed S.J. Res. 14 with a bipartisan vote  of 52-42, it is now up to the House to do the same so we can send this  resolution to the President's desk.   For the sake of our communities, our families, our country, and our  future, I strongly urge all Members to join me in supporting this joint  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DeGette), your neighbor and the prime  sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Peters), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee  and a strong environmentalist.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Lamb), one of the chief sponsors of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining on  each side?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes now to the gentlewoman  from New Mexico (Ms. Leger Fernandez), who also represents one of my  favorite places, Santa Fe.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Peters).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. Leger Fernandez).    Mr. Speaker, can I inquire as to how much time is  remaining on each side?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentleman is.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, it is quickly becoming clear that the greatest potential  to curb methane, and thus climate change, in the next decade is in the  fossil fuel sector.   The U.N. Environment Program and the Climate and Clean Air Coalition  published the ``Global Methane Assessment'' just last month, and they  found that fast and ambitious methane mitigation is one of the best  strategies available today to deliver immediate and long-lasting  benefits for climate, agriculture, human, and ecosystem health.   They also found that rapid and dramatic methane pollution cuts could  both slow global warming and prevent a quarter-million deaths every  year.   Also, reduction measures used to curb methane from the oil and gas  sector would also cost the least or, in some cases, even have negative  costs, as captured methane can be resold for revenue in the oil and gas  sector.   These relatively inexpensive methane reduction methods are possible  with currently available technology, like fixing leaks in gas pipelines  and stopping venting in gas drilling.   These findings support what many already know to be true, that  ambitiously addressing methane pollution can yield tremendous climate,  public health, and financial--and I stress ``and financial''--benefits  across the economy. This is why we see most of the oil and gas  companies supporting this resolution.   Disapproving a rule that would lead to an increase in methane  pollution, and reinstating the 2016 rule's commonsense and cost- effective safeguards, should be an easy ``yes'' vote. For that reason,  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I am here today to oppose S.J. Res. 14, the Methane rule  Congressional Review Act repeal. The Democrat majority and the  Administration are not passing this legislation for climate change,  they are passing it to support big oil and foreign petrol dictators.    We are in a weird place in this Nation when the action of hurting  American energy development in favor of foreign development is  celebrated by the majority, but that is where we are today. While my  Majority colleagues are celebrating this as a massive win, the reality  is the only people winning from this action are people who don't need  wins, and the losers are the American people.   By repealing this common sense balanced rule, this Congress will now  put the agencies in a place with fewer tools, fewer options, and on a  path for a rule which will directly harm most of our nation's oil and  gas producers, while leaving the world's worst actors free to continue  polluting the globe. America's oil industry isn't made up of supermajor  oil players, much of America's oil comes from small and mid-sized  producers. The rules proposed by the Obama Administration would have  decimated that sector of the oil and gas industry with burdensome costs  and massive paperwork requirements, all for a fractional impact on  methane emissions. The rule drafted by the Trump Administration  recognized this and would have protected all industry while at the same  time working to lower our national methane emissions. However, as a  result of this action today the Democrat Majority is deciding that they  want to side against small businesses and join the side of Big Oil  pushing costly, burdensome, and ineffective methane regulations on all  American producers. The result will be an oil and gas industry  dominated by bigger and bigger oil companies using their size and  buying ability to squeeze out small producers.   But Big Oil isn't the only winner Democrats are picking today.  Foreign petrol dictators are winners as well. Not a single foreign  producer is obligated to meet our methane rules for their production.  So while the result of this bill will be to squeeze small oil and gas  producers in Bakersfield and Kern, California, the foreign, Russian and  Saudi imports that make up a majority of the California oil consumption  will be untouched. There isn't a single Aramco, Saudi, oil well in the  world that will comply with the methane rule that will be produced as a  result of this action today. But there will be millions and billions of  barrels of Saudi oil consumed in California over the next decades.   Again, don't let the majority fool you today, this action isn't about  reducing methane emissions or impacting climate change, this action is  about Big Government supporting Big Oil and giving foreign petrol  dictatorships an advantage over American producers. That is why I am  voting no on this bill and urge all my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   