 Madam President, good afternoon. I rise today to talk  about  [[Page S1450]]  the American Rescue Plan and its effect on my economy.   It has been a tough year. It was a year ago tomorrow that I sent my  Senate staff home for a trial-run, 2-day telework in case we ever were  to need it, and they never came back. Until now, as people are starting  to get vaccinated, they are coming back personally to the office after  having worked, in a pretty amazing way, virtually for the year.   It was just about a year ago that I got coronavirus. It was just  about a year ago that I gave my wife coronavirus. It has been a long,  long year: more than 500,000 Americans dead, more than 10 million still  out of work. After sizable work by Congress in five bills in 2020 to  inject resources into the economy, we are still down 10 million jobs.   But today is a bright day. Just within the last few hours, the House  of Representatives passed the Senate bill that we sent to them Saturday  afternoon on the American Rescue Plan, building off the original House  proposal, and that bill is filled with things that will make a tangible  difference nearly immediately in the lives of so many Americans:  payment to everyday families, individuals, children; acceleration of  the vaccine deployment; resources so that we can open our schools and  our colleges and our childcare centers, which are all preconditions to  seeing the economy reopen.   In Virginia--just making this about my home Commonwealth--State and  local governments in Virginia will receive about $6.8 billion to cover  costs of COVID, revenues lost due to COVID, but also projects that can  help the economy accelerate so that we can climb out of the economic  catastrophe that has been COVID.   Eighty-four percent of Virginians--that is more than 7 million  people, 2 million of whom are children--will receive stimulus checks  because of the bill the Democrats got passed in the House and Senate.   Just think of that. Seven million Virginians will receive stimulus  checks. The average per filer--and many file jointly, so this will be  sort of a household average--would be nearly $3,000.   The child tax credit portion of the American Rescue Plan will provide  additional resources on top of those checks to 1.6 million Virginia  children, lifting 85,000 currently below the poverty level to above the  poverty level. Just in my State, 85,000 children below the poverty  level will no longer be there.   The expanded earned income tax credit in Virginia will affect nearly  420,000 adults, enabling them to work with more dignity, with less  financial stress, as they try to manage the challenges of their life in  this tough time.   Also, 250,000 adults whose unemployment benefits were in danger of  expiring are now protected through early September because of the bill.   Small businesses, which have suffered so much, will get a significant  uplift--just restaurants, with the $28 billion restaurant fund in the  American Rescue Plan. There are 15,000 restaurants in Virginia, all of  which have suffered because of COVID, because of social distancing  requirements, supply chain challenges, workers who have been out sick.  That $28 billion fund offers great hope for my restauranteurs.   For Virginia education, our local school systems--134 cities and  counties operate K-12 systems--will receive more than $2 billion to  deal with the costs of COVID, including expanded broadband so that  their students can have better access to online course curriculum,  including money that could be used for summer instruction, for example,  so that we can tackle learning gaps that occurred during the last year;  and $845 million for Virginia higher education institutions   And something that I am particularly excited about--I have a child  who is an early childhood worker. That is what he does. Forty percent  of Virginia childcare centers were closed for much of the year because  of the pandemic. Virginia will receive nearly $800 million in  additional childcare support so our childcare centers can be open,  which will not only be good for children but will enable their parents  to return to work more easily.   In the healthcare space, accelerations of vaccines, lower healthcare  premiums because of expanded subsidies for those who are purchasing  insurance, mental health expansion to deal with the significant  psychological and emotional traumas of the last year, housing, food,  transit, broadband, pension reform.   There is so much in this bill for Virginians. There is so much in  this bill for the residents of red States, blue States, in-between  States. Every ZIP code in the United States, every family in the United  States will see some impact that they can see, touch, and feel.   It is not often that you pass a bill where you can say this about  it--that the tangible results for virtually every American will be seen  so quickly.   I want to focus a little bit, having talked about the tangible  benefits in Virginia, just on the analysis of the bill nationally, and  I have a couple of charts I want to show.   Coincidentally, or maybe not coincidentally, the size of the American  Rescue Plan was pretty close to the size of the Trump tax cuts that  were done in December of 2017. The Trump tax cuts were about $1.9  trillion, and the American Rescue Plan ended up being at about $1.75  trillion. So they are pretty close.   And what these two plans demonstrate, if you look at the Trump tax  plan and you look at the American Rescue Plan, is that you will see how  very, very different the priorities of the two parties are. The  recovery plan passed in this body with every Democratic vote and no  Republican votes. The Trump tax plan passed in 2017 with every  Republican vote and no Democratic vote. I believe these two plans are  almost a perfect representation of the priorities of the two parties  right now in this body--not just in this body but all around the  country.   If you analyze the content of these two bills, which were nearly  identical in size, you can definitely understand a lot about the  priorities of the two parties. On the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Trump  tax cuts, 54 percent of the $1.9 trillion benefit went to people making  more than $75,000 a year, 16 percent went to people making less than  $75,000 a year, 31 percent were tax cuts for businesses.   If you look at the American Rescue Plan, you see something very, very  different: 44 percent of the aid was aid to individuals, 21 percent was  pandemic and other policies that focus on getting us out of the  healthcare crisis, 9 percent is to our schools and universities, 18  percent for our State and local governments to try to forestall massive  layoffs of governmental employees, and then 8 percent are tax cuts to  individuals.   These are very different priority sets between the GOP's key  accomplishment with the 2017 tax cuts and now this accomplishment that  the Democrats have worked so hard to achieve in the American Rescue  Plan.   This tells you about priorities, but the next chart is probably my  favorite because I think it makes it even clearer. This is a chart that  shows the benefits of both the American Rescue Plan in blue and the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act in red, and I don't think those colors were  coincidentally done by my staff.   It shows how the benefits of these two bills--they are identical in  size--were arrayed across the income groupings, income quintiles of the  American public. The top 20 percent of the American public in income  got 65 percent of the benefit from the Trump tax cuts. They get 11  percent of the benefit from the American Rescue Plan.   In the 60-to-80-percent quintile, you will see that the two plans  were pretty close to equal. Not exactly--the Democratic plan was a  little bit better in terms of the benefits at that level. But as you  move into the 40-to-60-percent quintile, that midrange of Americans,  the Democratic proposal gave much more of the benefit to people in that  income frame, that income quintile, than the Republican proposal.   In the 20-to-40-percent range, it is quadruple the Democratic  allocation of benefits to that lower middle-class portion of the  American public, quadruple what the Republican tax plan allocated.   But what you really see is, in the lowest quintile income of the  American public, the people who struggle the most and during the  pandemic were hurt the most, 23 percent of the benefits of the American  Rescue Plan went to that lowest 20 percent of the American public while  only 1 percent of the  [[Page S1451]]  benefit of the Trump tax cuts was allocated to that hard-hit,  struggling group of people.   Again, if you want to look at the priorities of the two parties by  analyzing these two sizable bills that each side claims is an  accomplishment they are proud of, you just need to look at this  particular chart and understand who each side, each party, is battling  for and who is each side, each party, trying to help.   Finally, one last chart and then a concluding comment. The last chart  shows the poverty rate in this country beginning in 2007. Now, we know  we had an economic challenge in 2008, 2009, 2010 that was significant,  and then the poverty rate started to come down late in the Obama first  term and continued to come down into the Trump first term. But you will  see what has happened since 2017 with the passage of the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act. If that had not happened, the poverty rate would have started  to tick back up again after having come down for a number of years.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did have an effect on the poverty rate. It  knocked it down a little bit. So there was a positive effect on the  poverty rate from the Republican tax proposal, but it was not very  significant.   But the projection about the American poverty rate following the  passage of the American Rescue Plan is a dramatic reduction--a dramatic  reduction of poverty from more than 12 percent down to poverty just  above 8 percent--and we would expect to see that by the end of the  year.   We are not talking about by the end of the decade or by the end of 5  years or by the end of this Congress. We are talking about by the end  of the year.   I think these charts--and, again, particularly this chart that arrays  the benefits of both the tax cuts bill of 2017 and the American Rescue  Plan and shows to whom the benefits were allocated--speak volumes about  two very different philosophies about the economy, two very different  philosophies about equity, two very different philosophies about how to  truly include everyone in legislation that is big, tough, challenging  legislation.   Finally, I will say this as I conclude: The passage and the signing  of the American Rescue Plan will also start a realtime economic  experiment because the Republican tax plan was done in 2017, and we can  measure what that has done and what it hasn't done from 2017 to the  beginning of the pandemic. You would not want to include the pandemic  necessarily; that wouldn't be a fair way to measure. But if you look at  the passage of the tax cut plan in December of 2017, say, to March of  2020, you can get a pretty good view of what that tax bill did or  didn't do to the American economy.   Now, in the passage of the American Rescue Plan and the allocation of  the benefits of the plan, as demonstrated here, we are going to start  the clock on a realtime experiment of a different economic philosophy.  If you take government action and you try to direct the focus of it on  middle and lower income people, my surmise is, those dollars will  likely be spent; they will be spent in community institutions and  stores and purchasing properties or maybe buying a car. They will be  spent, and they will have a multiplier effect throughout the economy.  They are not going to be used to buy back stock. They are not going to  be used or socked away because there is nowhere to spend it.   I think you will see that the spending effect of allocating benefits  in this way is going to have a significant, positive effect on the  American economy at a time when it needs it and at a time when the  people who are most helped are most in need.   We need to build an economy coming out of this crisis that is not  only robust but that is also sustainable, meaning environmentally  sustainable but sustainable and less subject to boom, busts in areas  that leave people high and dry. We also need to build an economy that  is more equitable, not measured just by GDP increase or stock market  increases that can affect some but measure more in statistics like  wages, reduction of poverty, startup of new businesses that demonstrate  an economic vitality that is spread broadly among the population.   We are starting the realtime clock on that experiment today. We will  be able to compare the value of the $1.9 trillion tax cut to the $1.75  trillion American Recovery Plan in years to come. And I am very, very  excited to understand that because I think it may point the way forward  to additional economic advances that will make us stronger.   With that, I yield the floor.   