 Mr. President, I was presiding on Tuesday. Sometimes my  staff will give me a folder of things to review while I am presiding,  and often they will be upset when I come back having not reviewed what  they have given me. The reason for that is simple: When there are  Members speaking before the body, I am, frankly, very interested to  listen and to hear what our colleagues have to say. We don't do enough  of that in this place. We are so busy during the day, we don't spend a  lot of time on the Senate floor. We might have the floor on on our TV  in our office, but we are not always paying attention to what our  colleagues have to say. One of the benefits of being able to preside is  that you do get to listen to the arguments that are being made right  here on the floor.   In the hour or so that I was presiding on Tuesday, I got to hear  about four or five of my Republican colleagues come down in sequence to  make their case as to why they would be voting against the American  Rescue Plan, and so I got to hear a number of themes being developed.   I don't think coincidentally a number of arguments were made  repeatedly by many of our friends on the Republican side of the aisle,  and so I decided it might be worthwhile to just spend a few minutes  talking about the claims that are made about this bill by Republicans,  the reasons why they are voting against it, and to talk about how some  of these arguments may be a little bit more disingenuous than we might  like.   The first thing that I heard was that this bill was just too  expensive. It is $1.9 trillion. That is a lot of money, no doubt, but  this country has never ever faced a healthcare crisis or an economic  crisis like we do today. This is an unprecedented moment in our  Nation's history, and it requires us to step up and do something that  isn't just going to sound like it will work and help people but  actually will.  [[Page S1041]]    What is, I guess, to me ironic about this claim that it is too  expensive, that it is going to cost our kids and grandkids too much  money, is that Republicans passed a tax bill that was almost to the  dollar the exact same amount as this relief bill is. They passed a $1.9  trillion tax bill where the majority of the benefits went to the  richest Americans who needed no more help. There was no crisis in 2017  amongst American millionaires and billionaires. Yet Republicans were  very willing to draw down $1.9 trillion in debt-financed tax cuts; $1.3  trillion in corporate tax cuts; $83 billion to let heirs of huge mega- estates be able to inherit more money without taxation; $435 billion  tax cut for the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. So it is a little  hard to listen to my Republican colleagues claim that this bill is too  expensive when they were willing to spend the exact same amount of  money in 2017 on tax cuts for their wealthy corporate and millionaire  friends.   It is also hard to listen to this argument because just a year ago,  Republicans were willing to spend $1.9 trillion to address this crisis.  It isn't as if Republicans haven't understood, when they were in  control of the White House and the Congress, that we needed to step up  and meet this moment. Republicans have said: Well, this is different  because we are turning the corner. Well, as Senator Durbin laid out  very well, we may be able to see the corner, but we are not there yet.   March 24 was the day that we passed the CARES Act--almost the same  amount of money as we are considering today. On that day, 737 people  died of COVID-19. Yesterday, 2,369 people died of COVID-19. So in many  ways, the crisis today is exponentially worse than it was a year ago  when Republicans, to a person, were willing to spend $2 trillion on the  crisis. Now, all of a sudden, when Democrats are in charge of the White  House, when a Democratic majority leader sits here in the U.S. Senate,  $1.9 trillion is too much money to spend on a crisis that is taking on  a daily basis three to four times as many lives as it did when we spent  this money a year ago.   By the way, the economic crisis is still acute. There may be  technically more people at work today than there were in April or May  of last year, but surveys suggest today 80 percent of Americans don't  have enough money to pay their bills. Why? Because a lot of people are  back to work, but they are working fewer hours, right? They have less  reliable work. So there is still a crisis that exists amongst 80  percent of Americans today. This is no less than the crisis that  existed in 2017.    Here is the second critique that is made over and over about this  bill: It is a partisan bill, Republicans say. Well, that is a complaint  of Republicans' own making because it is only a partisan bill in the  U.S. Senate. Three out of four voters support the American Rescue Plan.  This is a recent Morning Consult poll. It has been referred to before  on the floor. Seventy percent of all voters support the American Rescue  Plan. Not surprisingly, there is some difference between Democrats and  Republicans but, frankly, not much. Ninety percent of Democrats support  the American Rescue Plan, and 60 percent of Republicans support the  American Rescue Plan. Why? Because everybody is hurting in this  country. Everybody is hurting. Republicans and Democrats need an  extension of unemployment benefits. Republicans and Democrats both want  cash payments. Republicans and Democrats know that their kids can't get  what they need in schools without additional support.   This is a unifying proposal in the American public. President Biden  made a commitment to govern in a way that unified the country. He has  done that. He has proposed a bill that has the broad support of  Republicans and Democrats. I don't know that it is his fault that it  can't draw Republican support in Congress despite the fact that it  draws Republican support from the public.   Finally, this was maybe the most interesting theme of the complaints:  It is not COVID relief. I have heard different statistics thrown out by  my Republican friends. Some of them suggest that only 5 percent of this  bill is COVID relief. I am not sure exactly how they come to that  calculation, but what I understand them to say is that anything that  isn't directly related to putting shots in people's arms or treating  people with present cases of COVID is not COVID relief.   Well, let's just take a look at what was broadly part of the CARES  Act that was supported by every single Republican and what is broadly  part of the American Rescue Plan, because my Republican colleagues  thought that everything in the CARES Act was COVID relief, whether it  was designed to immediately attack the healthcare crisis or whether it  was designed to address the economic crisis.   There were stimulus checks in the CARES Act--not as big as the ones  in the American Rescue Plan, but they were COVID relief when we passed  the CARES Act. Now, according to Republicans, they are not COVID  relief.   There was an unemployment extension and a plus-up in the maximum  benefit under the CARES Act. That was COVID relief back in March of  last year, but now, according to Republicans, it is not COVID relief.   There was money for vaccines and for testing in the CARES Act. In the  American Rescue Plan, there is money for vaccines and testing.   Small business relief was, of course, conceived in the CARES Act, the  PPP program. That is a big part of the American Rescue Plan, but now it  is not COVID relief, according to my Republican colleagues, whereas it  was last year.   There was State and local funding in the CARES Act. There is State  and local funding in the American Rescue Plan.   There was rent and mortgage relief in the CARES Act. There is rent  and mortgage relief in the American Rescue Plan.   All of a sudden, since Democrats took control of the White House and  took control of the Senate, all of these things, which were categorized  as COVID relief by Republicans in March, are no longer COVID. You are  just supposed to think of these as extras, as Democratic priorities.   Ninety percent--ninety-five percent of what is in the package we are  voting on today is simply an extension of the same set of funding  streams that we authorized in a bipartisan way a year ago. And so this  idea that this is some Democratic wish list, when we are essentially  just extending or increasing the same funding streams that were in the  CARES Act, is nonsense. It is nonsense. Of course, this is all COVID  relief. Of course, it is COVID relief when you are increasing  nutritional benefits to people who can't afford to feed their kids  because they have lost their job or they have lost hours because the  economy melted down due to a pandemic. That is not, all of a sudden,  not COVID relief today.    This one is maybe the most bizarre of Republican claims. This bill is  expensive, but it is not too expensive. This moment is unique, and we  are mandated by our oath of office to meet this moment. Republicans  didn't have a problem spending $1.9 trillion to give tax breaks to  their wealthy friends. I don't know why they, all of a sudden, have a  problem putting money in the pockets of hard-working Americans who are  suffering through the worst healthcare crisis this country has seen in  a century.   Republicans say this is a partisan bill. Out there in America, guess  what--it is not. It is not. Republicans and Democrats support this  because it is full of commonsense ideas that make a lot of sense to  people, no matter what their political ideology is outside of  Washington.   Republicans say this bill isn't COVID relief but a Democratic  progressive wish list. No, it is simply an extension of the things that  were bipartisan priorities last year. We thought they were good ideas  then. We think they are good ideas now, especially given the fact that  four times as many people are dying today as were dying in March of  2020, when we passed the first bipartisan CARES Act, and as the economy  today is in just as dire straits as it was.   I hope we are turning the corner. I hope we get vaccines into the  arms of individuals such that we are soon back to the numbers of deaths  per day that we saw in March of last year. I hope that we are on a road  again to full employment. But I am confident that none of that can  happen unless we make this investment in COVID relief and in economic  relief. It is an obligation as stewards of the economy and  [[Page S1042]]  the welfare of the American people for us to step up to the plate and  get this done this week.   I yield the floor.   