 I wrote a speech for today. I was planning to say that I  fear the chaos of establishing a precedent that Congress can overturn  elections. Boy, was I right. Chaos, anarchy--the violence today was  wrong and un-American.   The vote we are about to cast is incredibly important. Now more than  ever, the question is, Should Congress override the certified results  from the States and nullify the States' rights to conduct elections?   The vote today is not a protest; the vote today is literally to  overturn elections. We have been told that this is a protest, that this  is about an electoral commission. No, it is not. It is about whether to  seat the electors certified by a State. It is not about an electoral  commission. It is not about a protest. You can go outside if you want  to protest. This is about overturning a State-certified election.   If you vote to overturn these elections, wouldn't it be the opposite  of States' rights Republicans have always advocated for?   This would doom the electoral college forever. It was never intended  by our Founders that Congress have the power to overturn State- certified elections. My oath to the Constitution doesn't allow me to  disobey the law. I can't vote to overturn the verdict of States. Such a  vote would be to overturn everything held dear by those of us who  support the rights of States in this great system of federalism that  was bequeathed to us by our Founders.   The electoral college was created to devolve the power of selecting  Presidential electors to the States. The electoral college is, without  question, an inseparable friend to those who believe that every  American across our vast country deserves to be heard.   If Congress were given the power to overturn the States' elections,  what terrible chaos would ensue every 4 years. Imagine the furor  against the electoral college if Congress becomes a forum to overturn  States' electoral college slates.   It is one thing to be angry. It is another to focus one's anger in  constructive ways. That hasn't happened today, to say the least.   We simply cannot destroy the Constitution, our laws, and the  electoral college in the process.   I hope, as the Nation's anger cools, we can channel that energy into  essential electoral reforms at the State level. America is admired  around the world for our free elections. We must--we absolutely must  fix this mess and restore confidence and integrity to our elections. We  must.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Democratic leader.   