 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 2022  National Defense Authorization Act, which is before us this evening.   As chair of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, this  bill is proof that our panel upheld its duty under Article 1, Section 8  ``to provide and maintain a Navy.''   Our bill authorizes 13 new ships, continuing our tradition to  independently scrub the budget and augment our Navy fleet responsibly.  Within that total, we authorize three destroyers and two additional  Fast Transport ships to support the rapid deployment of equipment and  personnel.   The agreement also reflects our panel's ongoing efforts to  recapitalize our aging sealift. The bill fully authorizes the new  sealift Tanker Security Program, an initiative our panel started last  year to meet gaps in our at-sea refueling capabilities.    It also authorizes the fifth National Security Multi-Mission Vessel,  another initiative our subcommittee led to boost maritime training and  sealift capacity. Later this week, the historic Philly Shipyard will  lay keel for the first in a series of NSMVs, which is tangible proof  that our Nation can rebuild its decrepit sealift fleet with our  [[Page H7218]]  domestic shipbuilding industrial base. To that end, this agreement  rejects a request to further our reliance on used foreign-built sealift  ships.   Madam Speaker, of particular note, is the mark on undersea  capabilities, which at the end of the day is the most effective path to  deter the pacing threat of China. For proof of this, look no further  than AUKUS, the recent security agreement between the U.S., U.K., and  Australia, whose centerpiece is building a new fleet of Aussie nuclear- powered submarines. This NDAA funds two per year Virginia-class subs  and full production of the Columbia program. It also includes House  provisions of $200 million for a new facility, $130 million for  supplier development, and $20 million for workforce development.  Altogether, this will increase production capacity to help both our  allies and our Navy to maintain dominance in the undersea domain.   Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Rob Wittman and all the  members on the subcommittee for their great bipartisan work building  the NDAA this year, as well as Chairman Smith and Ranking Member  Rogers.   I also thank Phil McNaughton, Dave Sienicki, and Kelly Goggin for  their great staff work, and Lieutenant Commander Matt Harmon, my Navy  fellow, who is sadly leaving us soon. His really solid contribution as  a SWO really was instrumental in terms of the work that our  subcommittee was able to produce.   