 Madam President, I am here to join my colleague from  Iowa who just spoke and others to talk about the President's budget.   The budget is comprised of a couple of things. One is what the  spending is going to be for the country. The spending, which is  unbelievably high and at unprecedented levels of spending at a time of  unprecedented deficits and a long-term debt that is at the highest  level ever, is concerning.   The second is that the budget is about revenue. So on the spending  side, we all expected it to be a very high number--over $6 trillion in  new spending--but on the tax side, we also have huge new tax increases.  The Senator from Iowa just said it is the largest tax increase in the  history of the country. He is the former chairman of the tax-writing  committee, chairman of the Budget Committee here, and he has been  through a lot of tax increases over the years. This is the largest one  in the history of the country. It is coming at a time when you don't  want to raise taxes because we are coming out of this pandemic, trying  to get the economy back on track.   One reason that we were in good shape before COVID-19 is because we  actually put in place some tax reforms and some tax cuts that really  worked. Let's be very specific about that. In the months just before  COVID-19 hit, we had an economy that was hitting on all cylinders in  every respect.  [[Page S4009]]    In February of that year--so February before the COVID-19 crisis  hit--we had the 19th straight month of wage growth of over 3 percent.  That was great news in my home State of Ohio, I will tell you, because  we had years of flat-rate growth, even declining growth, when you take  into account the effects of inflation. So we had really nice wage  growth.   And guess who was made the beneficiary of that wage growth. It was  lower and middle-income workers, which is also something you would all  think people would hope for in this Chamber. That was partly because  the tax cuts the government put in place in 2018 from the 2017  Republican bill provided tax relief to middle-class families, doubled  the standard deduction, doubled the child tax credit, lowered the tax  rates, and put more money into people's pockets. And the 2017 reforms  also spurred needed investment in our communities, growing economic  opportunities, particularly in low-income neighborhoods.   And the reforms on the corporate side--on the international side and  on the corporate side--generally meant that more companies were  investing in America, creating more jobs and investments here rather  than overseas.   At the time, the Congressional Budget Office did an analysis of the  lower corporate rate, as an example, and said that 70 percent of that  benefit was going to go to workers in terms of their wages and  salaries. That is exactly what we saw. So, again, there were 19  straight months of wage growth of over 3 percent in February before  COVID hit.   By the way, also in that time period--the year before COVID hit--we  had the lowest poverty rate in the history of the country. Let me  repeat that because I think it would be a surprise for a lot of people  to hear this who are so critical of the tax reforms in 2017 on the  other side of the aisle, saying this is not going to help ordinary  people. Of course, it did.   We talked about the wage growth, but also the lowest poverty rate in  the history of our country. We also saw a 50-year low in unemployment.  We saw record low unemployment among certain groups of Americans,  including Hispanics, Blacks, and Asian Americans.   We also saw a situation where there were a lot of jobs being created  that were higher wage jobs because wages were going up, and we had the  kind of opportunity economy that everybody in this Chamber should hope  for.   What is this budget saying? This is the budget, again, that President  Biden has just put out. He has said: Let's get rid of all that tax  reform and those tax cuts. Virtually, every one of the 2017 tax cuts  expires under his budget or is ended now before it would normally  expire. Let me repeat that: The budget that they put out wants to  increase taxes, and that includes taxes on everybody, including the  middle class. In only a few months in office, the Biden Administration  is committed to spending about $6 trillion.   Again, just put this in context. That is bigger than the annual  budget of the United States. When you add up all the plans the  President has put out there, it is $6 trillion in new spending. One of  the problems with that has been that it has primed the pump. In other  words, it put so much stimulus into the economy that it has created  inflation. That was something that was warned by Republicans, including  me and others, but also Democrats, like Larry Summers, who is a  Democrat, an economist, and former Secretary of the Treasury.   Unfortunately, it looks like that prediction was correct because  inflation is up. If you ask folks back home about it, they will say:  Yeah, I went to the gas pump, and it was $3.50 a gallon   That is what I heard last weekend. That is what I experienced myself.  Also, it is the price of food.   Certainly, it is the price of materials. If you are trying to build  something today and you want to buy some plywood, good luck. The costs  have skyrocketed.   This inflation is real and it is happening, and people are feeling  it. In a way, that is a hidden tax, isn't it? If everything costs more,  it is sort of a regressive tax that is built into the system. That is  what is happening when we have inflation. We are also seeing pressure  on interest rates, of course, which is going to make it harder on  people to buy a home, buy a car, to be able to get by.   This $6 trillion has made a difference in the sense of sending a  message out from the Democrats that we would like to spend much more,  but they already did spend quite a bit that has primed the pump--$1.4  trillion in a COVID package, as an example.   By the way, that $6 trillion, when you add it up, is about six times  more than the government spent in response to the Great Depression.  That is adjusted for inflation. I am talking about inflation-adjusted  terms. It is about six times more than the government spent in the  1930s in the Great Depression.   It is a very radical budget, really, both on the spending side and on  the tax side. The philosophy of more and more spending at a time of  record debt and record deficits isn't going to help our economy  recover. I think it is simply going to drive inflation, as we talked  about, put pressure on interest rates, keep people out of jobs, and put  more financial pressure on everyday Americans.   Instead, what we ought to do is help people get back to work. COVID- 19, thank God, is finally passing. In my own State of Ohio, we are  finally opening up again because our COVID-19 rates are so low. The  vaccines are working. I encourage people who haven't been vaccinated to  step forward and do it because it helps you and your family and also  our communities to be able to recover more quickly--get people back to  work and back to school, get our children back to school and get back  to our churches and our synagogues, and get back to our normal life. It  is starting to happen, and it is exciting.   One of the problems is, again, higher inflation, higher interest  rates, and also that there just aren't adequate workers out there, in  part, because the government is paying more and more for unemployment  insurance--$300 in Federal supplement on top of the normal unemployment  in the States. There are still 25 States that have that, and this means  that people often are making more on unemployment than they would be  making at work. On average, about 42 percent of people, with the  additional $300, are making more on unemployment than they were at  work. That creates a little disincentive.   There are other disincentives, too, out there to go back to work. As  a result, there are 9.3 million jobs open in America. That is the  latest figure from the Department of Labor based on the April numbers.  We don't have the May numbers yet, but 9.3 million is a record number  of job openings in America. We never had this many jobs open.   This is a problem because if you don't get people back to work and  filling these jobs, some of these companies are going to downsize. Some  will leave our shores for elsewhere, where they can find workers.  Others, frankly, are automating. You could argue that may be a more  efficient, economic decision, but I don't like to see that. I don't  like to see that. I think the technology and the automation, where  appropriate, are great, but I want to see people get jobs where they  get the dignity and self-respect that comes from working, and they get  the opportunity to have a fulfilling life with work.   So 9.3 million jobs are open. Let's fill those jobs. Let's not do  this incredibly high spending level talked about in this budget. Let's  not raise these taxes at a time when we are finally seeing economies  start to rebound after COVID-19. Let's get back on track. We had a  great economy--an opportunity economy--before COVID-19. That is what we  want to return to.   I yield back.   