 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1482.   I thank my colleague from Minnesota, Representative Angie Craig, for  working with me on this bipartisan bill.   I also thank the other cosponsors, Representatives Sharice Davids and  Young Kim, for their work; as well as the full chair of the committee,  Ms. Velazquez, who I worked with many years either with myself as chair  and she as ranking, or her as chair and myself as ranking.   I thank Mr. Luetkemeyer for the great job he is doing. At this point  he is the ranking member of the committee. Hopefully he will be chair  next time, depending on what the American people think a year and a  half down the road.   So what does this legislation do?   A number of things. It streamlines the 504 loan closing process,  clarifies the loan closing and oversight process, and enhances the  program for small manufacturers. And small manufacturers are absolutely  critical in the economy nowadays. And we were actually making great  strides in bringing back more and more jobs there until COVID hit. So  that is why programs like this are so important to give them the  assistance that they need to get those jobs growing once again in that  sector of the economy.   The 504 program has been one of the more successful of the SBA--the  Small Business Administration--loan programs over the years, and it is  really crucial as we recover from COVID-caused hardships of the past  year.   The SBA CDC/504 loan program provides the Nation's smallest  businesses with long-term and fixed-rate financing. Importantly, it  requires that certain economic development criteria are in place to  qualify for the program. And job creation and job retention are  critical goals of the program.   This bill passed the House last December in the previous Congress,  and I am happy to see it on the floor again this Congress. Hopefully we  will get this bill signed into law this time and help provide small  businesses with the support they need to recover from the pandemic, and  hopefully we will be looking at the pandemic in the rearview mirror  sooner rather than later.   I thank the Small Business Committee for the great work they are  doing on behalf of America's small businesses. It is one of those  committees that really does work in a bipartisan manner, Republicans  and Democrats working together, and that is absolutely critical if we  are going to get anything done.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   