 Madam President, it is a pleasure, and I appreciate  my friend, Senator Blunt.   I am here today to rise for the 10th time to talk about the rightwing  scheme to capture our Supreme Court.   As the Presiding Officer knows, I have delivered a lot of speeches on  the Senate floor, and a majority of them--279 of them, to be precise-- addressed climate change. These were my ``Time to Wake Up'' speeches,  many of which focused on the network of phony front groups and trade  associations used by the fossil fuel industry to block any meaningful  climate legislation.   That vast web of climate denial and climate obstruction is one of the  main reasons that we are in the climate crisis we face today. I am here  today to report that there is common technique behind that smelly  climate denial operation and the rightwing donor operation to capture  the Court.   They both rely on massive amounts of dark money. They both rely on a  small number of ultrawealthy donors who supply that dark money. And  they both rely on an armada of front groups and phony corporate  entities, funded by those big donors, to hide their hands. At this  point, it is, actually, depressingly, familiar.   But it is worse than just common technique. It is the same entities:  the Koch operation, Americans for Prosperity, DonorsTrust, the Bradley  Foundation, the Scaife Foundation, the Competitive Enterprise  Institute, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The list goes on and on and  on. These are the exact same players on both sides of the operation--on  the climate-denying web and on the Court-capturing scheme.   My colleagues and I showed in a number of Web of Denial climate  speeches how a few ultrawealthy, rightwing foundations, corporate trade  groups, and so-called donor-advised funds supply the bulk of the dark  money for modern-day climate denial.   Big oil companies used to do that directly, but they got burned and  learned that it is bad for their public image, and I suspect they are  hiding now behind those anonymizing entities and trade groups.   The big funding guns included the Koch network; the Lynde and Harry  Bradley Foundation; the Searle Freedom Trust; the Sarah Scaife  Foundation; Donors Capital; and DonorsTrust, which has been called the  rightwing's ``dark money ATM.''   This is the Web of Denial graphic that we used in many of those Web  of Denial speeches, and you will see these groups turning up over and  over again. They are central in the web of climate denial.  [[Page S9072]]    Now, if you look at the big funders behind the scheme to capture the  Court, you will see this--in my last scheme speech, I talked about the  flotillas of amici curiae--or ``friends of the court''--who come in and  orchestrate phalanxes to file briefs for the rightwing in cases of  significance to the scheme's big donors. Well, it turns out that those  funders also inhabit the web of denial.   This is an appendix that I filed in the case of Seila Law v. Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau--a case that was the rightwing's shot at  weakening a consumer watchdog agency they hate. This appendix--a first  of its kind in the Supreme Court, which was attached to my amicus  brief--looked at some of the other amici who had filed briefs and  cross-referenced where their funding had come from.   My point then was that the Court was not told that there was this  huge overlap of funding. Each brief came in as if it were independent  rather than part of an orchestrated cascade. So nearly every one of  these groups is part of the web of denial: DonorsTrust, Donors Capital,  the Charles Koch Foundation, the Sarah Scaife Foundation, the Bradley  Foundation, the Searle Foundation.   But the overlay isn't just with the phony amicus flotillas that are  orchestrated up at the Supreme Court; it is right in the cases  themselves. Take the notorious anti-labor cases of Friedrichs and  Janus. According to a trove of documents uncovered in 2016, legal  groups funded by the Bradley Foundation brought those cases. They  weren't just amici filing briefs; they were the litigating law group in  those cases. The law group went out and found the plaintiffs-- plaintiffs of convenience, and they paid the plaintiffs' legal  expenses. Those same donors, Bradley has shown in this, funded that  whole boatload of amici who came in to support their also-funded group  that was bringing the case on behalf of a nominal plaintiff. By the  way, they funded a flotilla of amici in Janus. Seventeen Supreme Court  amicus briefs came from groups funded by DonorsTrust, Donors Capital,  and Bradley.   The front groups in those labor cases actually played a little bit of  switcheroo amongst themselves. Think of the pea-and-shell game. The  group that brought the case in Friedrichs became an amicus supporting  the plaintiff in Janus. The group that brought the case in Janus had  been an amicus supporting the plaintiff in Friedrichs. All of those  groups--the ones that brought the two cases and the groups that chimed  in as amici--were funded by the same organizations. It is a little bit  like that pea-and-shell game except, if you know the parties, it is  being played with transparent shells; but for some reason, the Court is  incapable of noticing this scheme that is being pulled in plain view,  in their presence.   Now, some front groups are invented shells--purpose built--just to  hide whoever is behind them. Others are preexisting, captured, and co- opted. The key common characteristic, whether invented or captured and  co-opted, is that they got to hide the donors. The U.S. Chamber of  Commerce is the easy example of a captured and co-opted group.   According to the watchdog group InfluenceMap, the Chamber is one of  the biggest climate obstructors in Washington.   Why?   The Chamber has lots of members who don't support climate  obstruction, but someone--someone--gave the Chamber enough money to  become a worst climate obstructor. And guess what. The Chamber is also  a major player in the scheme. It is the biggest filer of scheme amicus  briefs; it campaigned hard for all three of Trump's dark money-chosen  Supreme Court Justices; and way back, it commissioned the Lewis Powell  memo that launched the entire scheme.   Other major front groups serving both the web and the scheme include  the Heritage Foundation, the Cato Institute, and the Competitive  Enterprise.   Again, the common thread?   They all hide the donors so they can provide that vital screening,  anonymizing function, which is key to the donors because they have to  hide their identities and their motives in order to do their dark work.   On the scheme side, each one of these groups gets gobs of scheme dark  money, helps hatch hot-house legal theories to present to scheme  Justices, helps locate plaintiffs of convenience to bring cases for  and/or joins the orchestrated flotillas of scheme amicus briefs. You  see the same players over and over and over again, and how the Court  manages not to notice or be curious is a mystery.   On the web side, each is also a central node in the web of denial.  Here, for instance, is the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation. Here is  the Donors Trust, Donors Capital. Here is Koch-affiliated foundations.  Here is Searle Freedom Trust. Here is the Americans for Prosperity  Foundation. These groups pretty notoriously represent the interests of  Big Business and rightwing donors, so you at least know that much, if  not the specific identity of who is funding the brief. But some of the  web-scheme overlay gets a little bit harder to unravel, so let's drill  into one: the Independent Women's Forum.   This group was founded by rightwing donors in the very early days of  the scheme to prop up the troubled nomination of Justice Thomas. It has  accepted millions of dollars from a who's who of scheme and web-of- denial donors--Bradley, Scaife, Koch, Donors Trust. Its stated mission  is to ``improve the lives of Americans by increasing the number of  women who value free markets and personal liberty,'' but its real  mission is to pop up anytime its dark money donors want to trot out a  front group purporting to represent women. In practice, that means they  pop up everywhere. They popped up in a pending Second Amendment case  before the Court. They popped up in the Americans for Prosperity  Foundation case that granted a constitutional right to dark money,  signed off on by the dark money Justices. They popped up in the Little  Sisters of the Poor contraception case. They popped up in a challenge  to the EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gases.   The Independent Women's Forum's work in that EPA case brings the  overlay between the web and the scheme into focus.   In 2016, the forum joined the dark money amicus flotilla asking the  Supreme Court to strike down the EPA's Clean Power Plan, along with  other web-scheme front groups like the Competitive Enterprise  Institute, the Texas Public Policy Institute, and other groups opposing  the EPA. These parties asked the Robert Court to stop the Clean Power  Plan before it went into effect. Just days before Antonin Scalia died  and their 5-to-4 majority evaporated, the Republican Justices obliged.   This was ``shadow docket'' work, for those of you following the Texas  abortion case ``shadow docket'' fiasco.   In the EPA case, for the first time, the Court stepped in to stay a  regulation before it went into effect and before the lower court had a  chance to weigh in.   By the way, it was a purely partisan decision, with all the  Republicans behind it and none of the other Justices.   Fast-forward to today. The Trump administration replaced the Clean  Power Plan in 2018 with a Trump do-nothing, polluter-friendly rule.  When the Biden administration came in, it completely abandoned the  Trump do-nothing, polluter-friendly rule, so right now, there is  actually no regulation to challenge. But the scheme has replenished its  dark money Court and supercharged it with a sixth Justice.   They are out to disable what they call the administrative state for  the sake of their big donors, so they sued again, backed by familiar  organizations--the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the Texas Public  Policy Institute, and other web-scheme groups--to ask, as they put it  in their brief, that the Court ``finish what it started when it stayed  the [Clean Power Plan].''   There is no regulation to challenge. Yet the Republicans on the Court  took the case--so much for the ``case or controversy'' principle of the  Constitution. Now the Court, I guess, is going to make decisions based  on what might happen. Where I come from, that is called an advisory  opinion, which our Court is not supposed to do under the separation of  powers. But the Federalist Society six on the Court are out for big  game. The prize is to bring down the ``regulatory state'' altogether,  and where better than where it most helps the fossil fuel industry--the  [[Page S9073]]  industry lurking behind this web of denial and likely also working  behind the dark money that put the last Justices on the Court and  likely also lurking behind the dark money millions that fund the  Republican election groups.   This Clean Power Plan challenge opens an avenue for scheme-appointed  Justices to delight the donors behind both the scheme and the web. In  the short term, it would hobble the EPA's ability to combat climate  change--something very much sought by vested interests in the fossil  fuel industry. Over the long term, it would accomplish rightwing  donors' goal of kneecapping Federal Agency power across the board.   For Donors Trust, the Chamber of Commerce, the Independent Women's  Forum, and dozens of other groups that link the web and the scheme,  winning cases like this one means big wins for their big secret donors.   To go back to my early speeches about the scheme, they are following  Lewis Powell's advice years ago to seize what he called the ``most  important instrument for social, economic, and political change''--the  Federal judiciary--and to control it with what he called ``an activist- minded Supreme Court.'' The scheme has captured the Court. The scheme's  captured Court will deliver for the web. It is the same donors and  organizations behind both, and it has got to be cleaned up because this  is not how courts are supposed to work.   To be continued.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   