 Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to advance at  least one more Biden judicial nominee; we will move forward on our  annual Defense bill; we will vote on the motion to proceed on  legislation to raise the debt ceiling--all, hopefully, before we start  the afternoon. It is a busy day for the Senate, so let me break down  each of these items in some detail.   On the legislative front, later this morning, the Senate will vote to  invoke cloture on the annual Defense bill, negotiated on a bicameral- bipartisan basis. For over 60 years, the NDAA, the National Defense  Authorization Act, has passed without fail, on a mostly bipartisan  basis. So I thank all of my colleagues for working in good faith to get  this Defense bill done.   The Senate will then turn to the critical matter of addressing the  debt limit in order to avoid a first-ever default on our sovereign  debt. Last week, Democrats and Republicans came together to pass  legislation, setting up a fast-track process for addressing the debt  limit. Today, we are going to complete that process, and it will come  in two steps.   First, as I said, we will vote on the motion to proceed, followed by  a vote on final passage later today. Thanks to last week's agreement  between Democrats and Republicans, today's motion to proceed will be  set at a majority threshold. Once we are on the bill, no amendments  will be in order. Debate will be limited to 10 hours, and we hope to  yield back debate time on our side to keep this process moving. The  resolution we will vote on will provide for the raising of the debt  limit to a level commensurate to funding that is necessary to get into  2023.   As I have said repeatedly, this is about paying debt accumulated by  both parties, so I am pleased Republicans and Democrats came together  to facilitate a process that has made addressing the debt ceiling  possible. I want to thank the Republican leader and all of my  Republican colleagues who reached out across the aisle in good faith to  bring us to this point--no brinksmanship, no default on the debt, no  risk of another recession. Responsible governing has won on this  exceedingly important issue. The American people can breathe easy and  rest assured there will not be a default.   So, once again, I thank the Republican leader and my Republican  colleagues who voted with us to address this issue. The Senate can be  done with this matter before the end of the day--  [[Page S9128]]  crossing another major item off of our December to-do list.   Off the floor, Democrats continue working to put the Senate in a  position to act on President Biden's Build Back Better Act, along with  the timeline I have set out for our caucus. This week, bipartisan Byrd  bath meetings with the Parliamentarian will continue. I thank my  colleagues, the Parliamentarian, and her team for working through this  important and difficult process.   The President will also continue his conversations with our caucus as  we hash out the final details of the legislation. Build Back Better is  moving forward, and I thank all of my colleagues and the President for  their diligence and their commitment to get this done.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 184,  S.J. Res. 33.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all  remaining time be yielded back.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   