 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the defeat of the  previous question so we can immediately consider H.R. 2729, the Finish  the Wall Act.   My colleague on the other side of the aisle said that there is no  crisis at the southern border. I think the American people would  disagree with her.   She says the administration has the solution. I wish they wouldn't  keep it a secret.   The crisis at the southern border has reached a tipping point.  Illegal border crossings at record highs, and yet this administration  refuses to act.   I visited the southern border and saw for myself how bad things are.  I also saw piles of building materials already paid for, sitting unused  like rubble next to a partially built wall that desperately needs to be  finished. The temporary fencing left in place is laughable. I could  have walked right through the gaping holes and had myself a nice  vacation.   Now, imagine you were on the other side of the fence, desperate to  get to America where the President has assured you that you could stay,  if only you made it to the other side. You would be pretty well  motivated, and, thankfully, we have left the door open for them.   The wall is paid for; we just have to finish building it. This bill  requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to resume construction of  the border wall within 24 hours of enactment using funds Congress has  already appropriated for building the wall.   The wall is more than just a fence. It includes sensors and  technology the Border Patrol needs to effectively hold the line. The  agents I spoke with at the border are doing everything they can to stop  illegal crossings, but they are overwhelmed and under-equipped. Now  drug smugglers, human traffickers, gangs, and terrorists are taking  full advantage of this vulnerability.   While turning a blind eye to the dangers of our border crisis may  serve this administration's agenda, it does not serve the American  people, and it certainly doesn't serve my constituents. On Long Island,  law enforcement continues to grapple with preventing MS-13 from getting  a stronghold in our communities. But MS-13 gang members are emboldened  by the policies of this administration and exploiting the crisis at our  border to gain access to our country.   I urge this body to act and immediately consider H.R. 2729 to finish  the border wall construction and help stop the influx of drugs,  criminal activity, and gang violence that is brought by MS-13 into this  country.   