 Madam President, my colleagues have talked about free  and fair elections, but I am quite concerned that this bill does quite  the opposite.   I am really quite stunned that one would think that a bill that  dictates exactly how every State has to use an ID law affects the  access to the ballot box for every single American, that it would be  requested that it would be passed with no process, no possibility of a  committee to examine the fact that every single American voter is  impacted by this effort to erect a barricade between the voter and the  ballot box.   I was thinking about how, when we were here on January 6, the boxes  that had the electoral college votes--gorgeous, ornate, old wooden  boxes were here on the counter, and they are just a symbol of the  pulsating heart of our Republic, the ability of every citizen to  participate in the vision for their country, how their country will  operate, how their children will have an opportunity to thrive--that  ballot box.   So here is a bill designed to make it harder to get your voice heard,  harder to get your ballot counted, being asked to be considered by this  Chamber with absolutely no process of committee deliberation.   If we had such a process, it would be pointed out that currently  millions of Americans don't have the IDs required in this measure.  Well, that makes it a lot harder for millions of Americans to vote.   It would also be pointed out in the committee process that of those  who don't have those IDs, about three times as many Black Americans  don't have those IDs as White Americans, even though Black Americans  are a much smaller percentage of the American population, which means  that this measure is hugely discriminatory against Black Americans. And  it is just wrong to engage in that type of discrimination in an effort  to manipulate the outcome of elections.   Now, it would be quite a different conversation if we had evidence  that there were an actual, real problem being addressed. But,  fortunately, this has been studied time and time and time again. We had  the Governor of Michigan testifying here on Capitol Hill just a few  days ago, and we asked when they did the study--the investigation  because of the lawsuits that were filed related to the last election-- how many people voted illegally in vote by mail. And that effort to  find the evidence of fraud turned out, she said, zero. Zero.   And I asked her a question because I was stunned that it was zero.  Certainly one person who thought they were a citizen but wasn't a  citizen and voted who was found? Zero. Zero.   And there is study after study after study. So we understand what  this is, and that is what would be explored in committee. It is an  effort to make it harder for Americans to vote.   It is not about security because there is not a security problem. It  is about the fact that this disproportionately affects low-income  Americans and Black Americans.   So I stand here today considering whether to object because I believe  in that vision of Americans having a full, free, fair chance to be  involved in their elections, defending the ballot box for every single  American, and this bill does the opposite.   I object.   