 Madam President, as the Senate's schedule for this  calendar year begins to wind down, hopefully with the anticipation of  spending time with our friends and families during this holiday season,  I want to look back over some of the deadlines that the majority  leader, the Senator from New York, has set for Senate action and to ask  whether these sort of arbitrary deadlines and attempts to do  legislation essentially along party lines is the right way to actually  get things done in the Senate.   We have excellent examples of how to get things done. Today, we  passed the Defense authorization bill with a strong bipartisan vote.  But we know that when either political party decides to do things  unilaterally, especially in a 50-50 Senate, it makes the work  immeasurably harder, and that is for a good reason.   The Founders of this country and our Constitution and the creators of  this Senate looked to the Senate to be a deliberative body and looked  for us to do what sometimes doesn't come naturally, which is to work  together to build consensus. But, as I said, when one party or the  other attempts to do things unilaterally, it usually means what you see  here, which is one blown self-imposed deadline after another.   First of all, the majority leader set a July 21 target for Senate  action on a budget resolution.   He laid out an August deadline for a partisan election takeover bill,  which would have preempted State and local laws, which are responsible,  under our division of responsibility in the Constitution, under our  Federal system, for conducting elections.   Then he proudly announced his goal to get two bills to President  Biden's desk by the end of October. He said those would be joined  together--a bipartisan infrastructure bill that is the exception to the  rule--actually like the Defense authorization bill that actually  enjoyed broad bipartisan support--but the hangup was the other part of  that proposition, which was the Democrats' multitrillion-dollar  partisan spending bill.   Of course, not one single one of these deadlines was met--again,  because it is hard to do things in a 50-50 Senate when you try to do it  unilaterally without doing the hard work of building consensus, which  is the way the Founders wanted this institution to work.   So our colleague from New York kept setting deadlines and blowing  right past them, and it looks like he is about to add another one to  the list. Senator Schumer's latest deadline for the ``Build Back  Bankrupt'' bill is December 25. That is Christmas. While he has yet to  make an official announcement, news reports are starting to confirm  what we have known all along--that the Senate will not vote on this  bill by Christmas because it is just not ready for prime time.   Before our colleagues can bend the rules of the Senate to pass their  partisan, multitrillion-dollar spending bill, they have got a lot of  roadblocks to overcome. The most obvious is they need a bill to vote  on. This bill is not even in final form yet. As a matter of fact, the  Senate Finance Committee, on which I have the pleasure of serving,  released about 1,100 pages of new text on Saturday, and there are at  least 20 different issues that have been raised with the  Parliamentarian which need to be litigated in a deliberative process,  but the version of the legislation  [[Page S9194]]  that passed the House started getting picked apart even before reaching  this side of the Capitol. The committee chairmen here were still  deciding which provisions to keep, which ones to alter, and which ones  to throw away.   It is tough to know how things are progressing because all of these  conversations happen not here on the Senate floor, with open debate,  but behind closed doors, completely out of view of the American people.  That is dangerous because this bill will touch virtually every aspect  of Americans' daily lives and stick them with a massive invoice-- without any visibility into the process.   We are told that the Build Back Better bill is immensely popular.  Well, that may be true until you start looking at the details, at the  fine print. Right now, we have to rely on vague statements from our  Democratic colleagues to understand where things stand, and I will tell  you, right now, it doesn't sound too promising.   Following severe blowback from the American people after the details  of this bill began to become public, Finance Committee Democrats began  making changes to one extremely controversial part of the bill. The  Washington Post headline says it all: ``The second-biggest program in  the Democrats' spending plan gives billions to the rich.''   No wonder they went back to the drawing board. After all, there is a  sharp contrast from how our colleagues have tried to sell this bill-- really, an effort of false advertising. They have harped previously--or  some sections of the Democratic caucus--on the need to stick it to the  rich, to tax the rich, but when given the opportunity, they hand out  massive tax breaks for the rich.   It is unclear how long it will take our colleagues to finalize  changes to the millionaires' tax breaks and the countless other  provisions that are being retooled, but once they lay down their pens,  the work is not done. As I suggested, they have the substantial and  difficult process of vetting a number of the provisions with the Senate  Parliamentarian to determine whether these provisions can pass the Byrd  rule.   The Byrd rule is simply the name given to the process to see whether  it complies with the 1974 Budget Act, which provides for an expedited  process and 51 votes for passage because it is limited strictly to  budgetary matters. When our colleagues try to stick into the bill other  substantive law changes which require a 60-vote requirement, that is  where the Byrd rule comes in, and that is where these provisions get  kicked out.   According to the chairman of the Finance Committee, the Finance  Committee's proposal alone has more than 20 different issues to resolve  with the Parliamentarian in the so-called Byrd bath, and that is just  one committee. Our colleagues on various other committees are  presenting arguments on provisions of all sizes. We have heard that our  Democratic colleagues are trying to make massive changes in our  immigration law on a party-line vote at 51 votes--50 votes plus the  Vice President. Well, that has not succeeded on two previous occasions  for good reason, and now we are awaiting the verdict of the  Parliamentarian on those immigration proposals on the third try.   But we know that this massive legislation, once it is written,  presumably, will go from everything from technical changes to major  issues like whether the budget rule can be used to legalize millions of  undocumented immigrants. Again, these conversations are happening not  out here in the Senate, with an opportunity for full debate and  amendment; they are happening behind closed doors. So we really don't  have a good sense--nor do the American people--of what has been decided  or how long it will take to resolve pending disputes.   If our Democratic colleagues receive adverse guidance from the  Parliamentarian, it is still unclear whether they will accept the  outcome or light the rule book on fire, as some have suggested, and try  to overrule her. It is tough to imagine a world in which our Democrat  colleagues would put this Frankenstein's monster on the Senate floor  before Christmas. Christmas is, in fact, 10 days away. Even if our  colleagues were able to iron out every issue with the Parliamentarian  and were able to present finalized text and receive a score on the  final legislation at that time, Senator Schumer doesn't have the votes  to pass it. Again, we are an evenly divided Senate, with the Vice  President casting the tie-breaking vote.   Colleagues on the other side of the aisle are not on board entirely  with this proposed massive spending-and-tax bill. Unlike the majority  of our colleagues who have blindly fallen in line or aired their  concerns in private, we know that the Senator from West Virginia, Mr.  Manchin, has consistently expressed his reservations about the bill.   In September, for example, he wrote an op-ed, titled: ``Why I Won't  Support Spending Another $3.5 Trillion.'' He has hardly been quiet or  hidden his concerns. He shared his concerns in that op-ed about the  scale and scope of this legislation, and he encouraged his colleagues  in his own political party to take a strategic pause.   Some of the reasons he cited included the growing threat of  inflation, which has only increased since September. Inflation, in  fact, has now reached a 40-year high--just last month. He warned about  the possibility that the virus might mutate and take a new turn and  that we ought to really save our powder in case we had to address  either the public health or economic consequences flowing from a new  variant. Well, today, all of our eyes are on the Omicron variant, and  we have yet to know how that will play out. He asked how we could  respond to another financial crisis like we experienced in 2008 during  the great recession or, heaven forbid, a terrorist attack or a major  international conflict.   If we spend trillions of dollars on unnecessary programs today, we  will hardly have those reserves available to us should we need them. I  think the questions and issues raised by the Senator from West Virginia  were valid then, and they are even more pressing now.    Over the last several months, the winds haven't shifted in favor of  this massive tax-and-spending bill. In fact, we now have more reason to  believe this legislation would add to, not solve, the problems that the  American people are facing. The Senator from West Virginia told one of  our Republican colleagues that the score proposed by his own political  party--$1.75 trillion--is full of gimmicks, and he even acknowledged  that that pricetag is a form of deceptive advertising.   We now have an honest score, one that acknowledges that massive  programs cannot be started and stopped on a dime and that, if you are  really going to be honest about the cost of the bill, you need to look  at a score that spans the full 10-year budget window. We now have that  score, one that avoids the gimmicks that are meant to disguise the true  cost of the bill. Now we can quantify how disingenuous this so-called  $1.75 trillion pricetag really is, and it is about as disingenuous as  the President's claim that the bill costs zero. Nobody believes that.  It really undermines the President's credibility when he says something  like that.   The Congressional Budget Office now says this legislation, if in  place for a full 10 years, would cost $4.9 trillion. That is on top of  the almost $2 trillion our colleagues spent unilaterally earlier this  year. Well, that is certainly higher than the $3.5 trillion redline  that Senator Manchin drew earlier this year, and it is a whole lot more  than the $1.75 trillion pricetag that our Democratic colleagues are  claiming. It makes the repeated claim that this bill costs zero seem  even more bizarre and out of touch.   Under this bill, as it is shaping up, we know deficits would increase  by a staggering $3 trillion over the next decade. Now, last year, when  we passed COVID-19 relief bills with huge bipartisan majorities, we did  so because it was a public health emergency and an economic emergency,  and we did it together. Yet, on top of all of that necessary spending,  our colleagues are insisting on spending another $4.9 trillion--adding  another $3 trillion to the debt over the next decade. Our children and  grandchildren would never have a chance to dig out of the hole that our  Democratic colleagues are now drilling.   This legislation doesn't just fall short of solving problems; it  actually makes them worse. This bill would fuel  [[Page S9195]]  the red-hot inflation that is already burning up the paychecks of the  American people. People who are on fixed incomes are finding their  purchasing power shrinking by the day because of the threat of  inflation. We know this bill would also hurt our energy security. It  would give massive tax breaks to the wealthy while increasing taxes on  the middle class. It would literally cut funding for safety net  hospitals and drive the national debt to unimaginable heights. Finally,  and maybe most importantly, it would hand to the Federal Government  decisions that should be made by families.   I hope our colleague from West Virginia will continue to hold strong  against the dangers of this bill. At a minimum, we need to tap the  brakes and take what he called a ``strategic pause.''   So it seems the Democratic leader is on track to miss yet another  deadline. For the country's sake, I hope this bill does not arrive  after Christmas. I hope it never comes at all.   I yield the floor.   