 Mr. President, I rise to honor the life of a noble  veteran, a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, brother,  uncle, and someone I had been fortunate enough to call my dear brother- in-law, Robert Gutz Thompson.   What I always admired about Bob was his unparalleled work ethic and  determination to learn and serve and to inspire those around him. Bob  was a graduate of the University of Wyoming, Class of 1961. He then  joined the military and entered flight training in 1963, and he was  designated as a naval aviator in 1964. From the day he was motivated to  join the military to his military retirement in 1983, he showcased  steadfast dedication and a commitment to excellence that can only be  matched by his loving devotion as part of our family.   Bob proudly served our Nation for more than 20 years and leaves  behind a distinguished legacy of military history, including service  aboard the USS Intrepid, the USS Randolph, the USS Lexington, and the  USS Forrestal. He flew thousands of flight hours throughout his  distinguished career. He trained other pilots. He commanded naval  units, and he was deployed multiple times, including to the North  Atlantic, the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, and the Arctic Circle. He  earned the Navy Achievement Medal for his performance as Landing Signal  Officer during a winter deployment to the North Atlantic.   In 1967, he joined the VS-30 squadron and reported to Key West, FL,  as an instructor pilot. In 1970, he was awarded the Navy Commendation  Medal for recovering aircraft within the Arctic Circle. In 1972, Bob  was selected for and attended the Naval War College in Rhode Island and  then was assigned to the Naval Air Station Cecil Field, in Florida, to  lead the squadron's relocation operations.   In 1976, he served aboard the USS Forrestal as operations officer. In  1979, Bob assumed command of the VS-30 squadron, where he deployed with  his beloved Diamondcutters to the Mediterranean. Later that year, Bob  received orders to the Pentagon to work on what is now known as GPS.  His assignments were tough--squadron executive officer, squadron  commander, instructor pilot, and so many more--but he was always  tougher than they were. It is unbelievable the leader he was to all of  those who served and served with pride.   Put simply, Bob was one of the most generous, kind, hard-working, and  inspirational people I ever knew. My whole family and I adored Bob ever  since he joined the family, and Bob's passing has left a deep impact on  all of us. This is also an important time to celebrate Bob's life and  the profound feelings of joy and pride that he brought to all of us.   While Bob wasn't born in West Virginia, he certainly was a  Mountaineer, through and through, in his heart and soul and was a  dedicated fan of his beloved WVU sports teams, especially football and  basketball.   When visitors come to our little State, I jump at the chance to tell  them we are home to the most hard-working and patriotic people in the  Nation. We have fought in more wars; we have shed more blood; and lost  more lives for the cause of freedom than most any other State. We have  always done the heavy lifting, and no one has ever complained.   We have mined the coal, forged the steel that built the guns and  ships and factories that have protected and continue to protect our  country to this day.   I am so deeply proud of what West Virginians like my brother-in-law  Bob Thompson have accomplished and what they will continue to  accomplish to protect the freedoms that we all take for granted and  hold so dear.   We have every reason to be proud and to stand tall knowing that West  Virginia is the reason Americans sleep peacefully at night. It is  because of all of our veterans, past and present, that we can proudly  proclaim ``Mountaineers Are Always Free,'' and we are all so very, very  proud of our Bob for being a vital part of our legacy.   What is most important is that he lived a full life, surrounded by  his loved ones. I extend all of our condolences to  [[Page S1636]]  my dear sister Janet, Bob's beloved wife of 56 years; his daughter Mary  Jo; his son Peter; granddaughter Isabella; his siblings, Mary, Greg,  Kathy, and Clark; his 24 Thompson nieces and nephews; his brothers-in- law John and Rock; sister-in-law Paula; and his 45 Manchin nieces and  nephews.   Again, we extend our most sincere condolences for our shared loss of  this remarkable--absolutely remarkable person. The unwavering love that  Bob had for his family, his friends, and our Nation will live on  forever in the hearts of all who had the privilege of knowing Robert  Gutz Thompson. God rest, Bob.   