 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the distinguished  chairwoman of our full committee, for yielding, and I thank my good  friend, Eleanor Holmes Norton, the Congresswoman from the District of  Columbia, who soon I hope will have the right to vote on the floor of  the House.   Today, Mr. Speaker, we come together to right a wrong. 750,000 fellow  Americans are denied the right to representation in their Congress in  the very place in which Congress is located, ironically. It is the only  capital in the democratic world that denies its own citizens the right  to vote and be represented.   We heard a lot of subterfuge here today, and we will hear more about  the Constitution, the Constitution that clearly gives Congress the  right of admission of a State.   Mr. Comer comes from Kentucky. Kentucky was composed of territory  claimed by my State, Virginia, and there were a bunch of Whigs. We  didn't object. Congress, not a constitutional amendment, admitted  Kentucky into the Union, and they elected Whigs, if you can think about  that, Mr. Speaker.   We didn't make how you might vote a condition, but we do in this  case.   I have to say that there is a lot of smokescreen to cloak what is  really at stake here. When some say this is not about race or  partisanship, you can be sure it is about race and partisanship.   A city with a minority-majority population that apparently might vote  in a different way from some? So what. How somebody votes cannot be a  test of whether they have the right to vote in a democracy.   Will we right this wrong today? Will we rise above our petty partisan  perspectives and fears and empower and enfranchise people who are  fellow citizens? Simply because of their race, their party  identification, or their geographic location, that is not the America I  know and love. It has gone on too long.   When the Constitution was written, this place didn't exist, nor did  the Founders and the writers of the Constitution know that it would.  The first Capital was New York. The second Capital was Philadelphia.  And there was a lot of back and forth about where it would finally be.  It ended up here.   Let's right this wrong after 200 years and give our fellow Americans  voting representation here in the United States Congress by granting  statehood.   