 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Cloud for organizing  this Special Order on this topic that the country is dealing with  today.   The Trump administration established strong laws against illegal  immigration. President Biden has decided to disregard any success  achieved by his predecessor and, instead, announced open borders to the  world.   This problem was not created due to conditions abroad but by  decisions made at home, and they were political decisions,  unfortunately.   Since President Biden was elected, illegal border crossings have  skyrocketed. In February 2020, the CBP announced that over 35,000  migrants tried to cross the border illegally. To put this in context,  this past February, that number far surpassed 100,000.   Despite having the statistics to prove it, President Biden refuses to  call this situation a crisis, which it is.   Aside from halting construction on the border wall as performed by  President Trump, the Biden administration  [[Page H1574]]  has reimplemented a system of catch and release and implemented  selective enforcement of our immigration laws.   They have suspended the removal of most people with active  deportation orders and even released COVID-positive detainees into our  country. Really? If you go out of the country as an American and come  in, you have to be tested. This administration has no policies in place  to test or provide masks and definitely not to know what is coming into  the country for other viruses.   The problems we are experiencing are more than politically motivated.  They are counterproductive and put the safety of the American people in  jeopardy. Our social systems and border officials don't have the  capacity or the resources to handle an overwhelming surge in illegal  border crossings.   Let me be clear, our immigration system needs judicial review and  legislative reform. Americans want a secure southern border.  Disregarding any form of success on our border is not the answer that  we need.    As I said before, legal immigration has countless benefits to this  great Nation. We have a right and a responsibility to know who and what  comes into our great country.   