 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Fiscal Year 2022 National  Defense Authorization Act. I thank Chairman Smith, Ranking Member  Rogers, and, of course, chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee,    Jim Cooper, for once again delivering a National Defense Authorization  Act in a bipartisan manner.   This is, as the chairman was saying, the one time a year that we all  come together, and that is counter to the narrative you see in  Washington, that this truly is a bipartisan product. I thank the  committee staff for continuing that culture.   Madam Speaker, DOD leaders have made it clear that we must do more to  deter adversaries. I am confident that this bill will do that in  countering both Russia and China. As the ranking member of the  Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I am particularly proud of the progress  this bill makes on the issues of nuclear modernization missile defense  in space.   Specifically, the bill fully funds our triad modernization program,  to include the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, the Long-Range  Standoff Weapon, the B83 gravity bomb life extension, and the two-site  solution for plutonium pit production in Los Alamos and the Savannah  River Site.   The bill prohibits the retirement or reconversion of the W76-2 low- yield warhead; requires the integration of the LRSO air-launched cruise  missile with the B-21 bomber; and creates a floor of 400 U.S. ICBMs.   On missile defense, it fully funds the Next Generation Interceptor  and supports ensuring our homeland missile defense outpaces the North  Korean ICBM threat. It also funds Guam and additional THAAD  interceptors.   On Space, we continue to push for declassification of programs that  will help us counter China and Russia.   Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his comments and the  chairman for the work in this bill that is done to try to deter and  prevent sexual assault.   Madam Speaker, this NDAA bolsters our national security. It improves  the lives of our servicemembers, and will help us counter the threats  of China and Russia.   