 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this COVID supplemental  package. This has been a dark and difficult past year for our world.  More than 2 million people have died around the world, including more  than 400,000 in our great country. Economies are in crisis around the  globe, and over a billion children are out of the classroom.   Our country's health and economic challenges require a bold response  in scale, and more delay is not an option. We must work to beat back  this virus, shore up our economy, and ensure the most vulnerable are  prioritized and protected.   But we cannot solve this problem without addressing the outside world  also. Pandemics do not respect borders, and they don't care about  nationalities.   As chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I firmly believe that the  health and economic wreckage caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will only  end once it ends everywhere. We are currently addressing the monumental  task of vaccinating our country, but afterwards we must turn our  attention to the remainder of the world. Only then can we fully put  this worldwide pandemic behind us and put ourselves back on the path to  economic prosperity.    Crucially, this package includes support for global health efforts as  well as lifesaving humanitarian assistance. This means support for  vaccine procurement, vaccine delivery, and sustained engagement to  build the capacity of health systems throughout multilateral  engagement. It means supporting organizations like the World Food  Program, UNICEF, and the WHO, that the United States must partner with  in order to succeed.   COVID-19 did not begin on our shores, but American innovation and  global health leadership can end it. The cameras of history are  rolling. The time to act is now.   We must join with what Chairman Yarmuth is doing and make sure that  we help those who have suffered as a result of this pandemic. Extending  unemployment insurance, helping those who can't pay for their rent or  mortgage, putting our children back into schools, helping our small  businesses; this is what this bill does. This is why we have to do it,  and we have to do it now because this is the emergency of our time and  it takes bold moves.   