 Mr. President, we are now in the final week of tax- filing season. While filing season typically ends on April 15, this  year, taxpayers have until May 17 to file or to request an extension.   This is also the third filing season under the tax cuts and reforms  that the Republicans enacted in 2017. For the vast majority of  Americans, this means they are paying significantly less in income  taxes than they were under prior law. Moreover, thanks to a nearly  doubling of the standard deduction, most Americans are paying less  without having the headache of itemizing their taxes.   More importantly, prior to the pandemic, tax reform contributed to  the best economy America had seen in decades. Unemployment reached a  50-year low and was at or below 4 percent for 24 consecutive months.  Family incomes and workers' wages experienced robust gains. In fact,  wage growth was the strongest for low-wage workers. As a result, we  actually saw income inequality decline.   Unfortunately, the current administration's ambitions to use the  pandemic as an excuse to pass a Big Government, anti-growth agenda  threatens our return to a thriving economy.   First came its $2 trillion untargeted COVID relief bill that focused  more on enacting a liberal wish list rather than on pandemic relief. A  lot of my colleagues have referred to only 10 percent of that $1.9  trillion bill actually being related to problems caused by the  pandemic.   The dangers of passing this untargeted and largely unnecessary  spending are already beginning to weigh on our economic recovery.  Throughout the economy, prices are soaring, and job growth is tepid.  April's jobs growth data fell short of expectations by more than  700,000 jobs. This is deeply concerning, and it ought to be to every  one of the Members of the Senate.   I have heard firsthand from business after business in my State of  Iowa that they are desperate for workers but that job applicants are  scarce. As my Republican colleagues and I have warned our Democratic  colleagues for months, this is the natural result of the Democratic  policies that pay people more not to work than to work. Yet, despite  the obvious overreach of their liberal agenda, my Democratic colleagues  are preparing to double down with an additional $4 trillion Big  Government spending spree. Then, in turn, to finance their progressive  dreams, they are proposing trillions of dollars of job-killing tax  hikes.   You just heard from my colleague from Ohio, Senator Portman, who went  into that very deeply, how those tax policies are going to hurt our  economy and the workers in our economy.   Their proposals to roll back critical reforms to our corporate tax  system would result in the United States once again having the highest  corporate tax rate among our major trading partners and incentivizing  companies to move headquarters abroad   Small businesses are also in their crosshairs. Family businesses and  farms could be decimated by proposals to hike capital gains taxes and  subject paper-only gains in family business assets to taxation  immediately upon the transfer of that farm or that business at death.   My Democratic colleagues' tax proposal would make the United States a  less attractive place to invest. It would erode American  competitiveness and slow our Nation's postpandemic economic recovery.  That means fewer jobs. It means lower wages for middle-class Americans.   Postpandemic prosperity won't be achieved through higher taxes and  Big Government spending programs or the government itself, which  consumes and doesn't produce wealth. The real wealth of America is  created by the working men and women of this country. If we are going  to have this growth, it is going to be achieved through pro-growth  policies and in the unshackling of our economy from stringent pandemic- era restrictions as we move toward a vaccinated world.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, today I would like to address the  national plague of targeted violence. Whether it is in our schools,  houses of worship, restaurants, businesses, or even on our city  streets, these senseless killings are impacting all of us.   I woke up Friday morning, April 16, to learn of another tragedy, this  time in Indianapolis, where a 19-year-old walked into a private  business and proceeded to kill eight innocent workers, including four  members of the Sikh community. My heart breaks for another set of  families and friends newly devastated and the unthinkable happening to  them.   While it is still early in the investigation and an exact motive  remains unclear, all signs indicate that that young killer suffered  from mental illness. The killer's own mother contacted authorities just  last May for fear that he was going to commit what she called ``suicide  by cop.''   The date of April 16 is unfortunately significant, as it is the  solemn anniversary of the Virginia Tech massacre. Thirty-two students  and educators lost their lives at the hands of a 23-year-old who had a  well-documented record of mental illness. Despite clear homicidal  warning signs, school authorities and counselors failed to intervene  and help the troubled young man.   Earlier this April, tragedy struck when a 25-year-old man rammed his  vehicle into a security barricade just steps from this Chamber.  Fortunately for those inside, U.S. Capitol Police officers courageously  intervened when the man brandished a large knife and lunged in their  direction. As all of us know, this attacker tragically took the life of  U.S. Capitol Police Officer Billy Evans. Officer Evans was a hero, and  we mourn his loss.   While the Capitol attacker's exact motive is unknown, social media  profiles indicate the man was a devout follower of a group that  repeatedly holds racist, anti-Semitic, and anti-LGBTQ beliefs. It is  too early to tell if these beliefs motivated this man to commit an act  of terrorism, but what is clear is this man struggled with depression,  hallucinations, and suicidal thoughts.  [[Page S2477]]  If someone had properly identified these symptoms as warning signs,  perhaps this tragedy could have been avoided.   I could go on and highlight tragedies from just the past several  years from all over the country. Post-incident investigations show that  all of these violent actors often suffer from variations of mental  health concerns, including depression, anxiety, delusions, paranoia,  bipolar disorder, suicidal and homicidal thoughts, and adherence to  bizarre conspiracy theories. Many of those who are closest to these  attackers were aware of their conditions, and some even expressed  concern about their propensity for violence ahead of their times of  killing.   The EAGLES Act of 2021 is a bipartisan, commonsense piece of  legislation. This bill carries the namesake of the Parkland, FL,  Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School mascot--the Eagles, that is--and  it is a tribute to the 17 Eagles who tragically lost their lives 3  years ago at the hands of a former student struggling with severe  behavioral problems and mental illness.   This legislation helps proactively mitigate threats of violence by  reauthorizing as well as expanding the U.S. Secret Service's National  Threat Assessment Center, which also goes by the acronym NTAC.   NTAC's approach is squarely focused on research. After every instance  of mass violence, their team of social science experts canvasses the  circumstances and the attacker's behavior to determine the facts.   NTAC's 2019 publication called ``Mass Attacks in Public Squares''  found that during the previous year, 93 percent of the attackers  engaged in threatening or concerning communications prior to carrying  out violent actions. Another 2019 NTAC study entitled ``Protecting  America's Schools'' made an even more definitive finding related to  violence in our educational system. This study concluded that all--in  other words, every one--of the school attackers exhibited concerning  behaviors prior to engaging in an act of violence.   A family member, a teacher, a coach, a fellow employee, or a  neighbor's ability to observe someone's behavior, home life  circumstances, work life factors, and other political stressors,  coupled with NTAC's threat assessment training, can prevent harmful  outcomes from occurring. But in order for this to be effective, we need  to increase NTAC's ability to continue their research and get much  needed training to their communities. The result will be increased  opportunities for early intervention and referrals to mental health  services for those in need and also get names to the FBI database so  that they can't buy a gun.   Just recently, the EAGLES Act got a resounding endorsement from the  National Association of Attorneys General. Forty attorneys general from  all over the United States believe that NTAC's proactive approach is  critical to violence prevention and its training programs are urgently  needed. These attorneys general are responsible for ensuring safe  communities and are urging our quick action to pass this legislation.  We cannot afford to ignore or delay their explicit plea for assistance.   So now, as a bottom line, I ask all of my Senate colleagues to  consider the commonsense, practical solution provided in the EAGLES  Act. The more research and threat assessment training that we can  provide, the more violence we can prevent   