 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Build Back  Better Act, a once-in-a-generation investment to lower the everyday  costs that burden working families and adequately address the climate  crisis. This bold, progressive bill at the core of President Biden's  Build Back Better agenda will have a positive impact on every single  American family.   The legislation delivers the largest investment in childcare and  early education in history. Build Back Better is estimated to provide  access to childcare for nearly one million young children in New York.  I am proud that the bill also provides universal, high-quality, free  preschool for every 3- and 4-year-old in America. Today, only 25  percent of young children in New York have access to publicly funded  preschool, and the costs for those that can't enter publicly funded  programs are often crippling. I am thrilled that nearly 300,000 young  children in New York will now be able to attend preschool. The bill  also will provide over two million students in New York with resources  to purchase school meals.   The Build Back Better Act will also improve the lives of working  families by expanding rental assistance and affordable housing,  establishing paid family and medical leave, extending the Child Tax  Credit, extending the American Rescue Plan's Earned Income Tax Credit,  and finally addressing the unfair SALT Deduction caps.   I am also pleased that this historic legislation will lower  prescription drug costs for millions of Americans by finally  negotiating lower drug prices for seniors, stopping outrageous price  hikes in prescription drugs, setting a new $2,000 cap on out-of-pocket  prescription costs for seniors, and capping the cost of life-saving  insulin at $35 per month. The bill will further lower health care costs  for Americans by passing the largest expansion of the Affordable Care  Act in a decade to make coverage more affordable, expanding Medicaid  coverage and eligibility, and expanding access to affordable home care  for older adults and those with disabilities.   Finally, I am incredibly proud that the Build Back Better Act  contains the single largest investment to combat the climate crisis in  human history. This historic bill includes a $500 billion investment in  clean energy and climate to cut greenhouse pollution by well over one  gigaton in 2030, reduce home energy costs, create hundreds of thousands  of high-quality jobs, and advance environmental justice for those  communities on the frontline of the climate crisis. The bill will also  provide a vital boost to New York's climate resilience and preparedness  efforts to safeguard the city from future Superstorm Sandy level  storms.   Best of all, the historic investments included in the Build Back  Better Act are not only fully paid for, the Treasury Department  estimates that the bill will reduce the deficit by over $100 billion  over a decade.  [[Page H6662]]    This historic legislation will ensure that our workers and families  are no longer held back by high costs or lack of access. For too long,  we have failed to invest properly in everyday people. Instead, we have  allowed big corporations and the wealthy to access all the resources  this Nation has to offer without paying their fair share. This stops  here. By passing President Biden's agenda into law, we have set our  Nation on a course to meet its climate goals, create millions of good- paying jobs, relieve working families struggling to afford the growing  costs of raising children, and grow our economy. I urge my colleagues  to vote yea on this transformative legislation.   