 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1870, the  Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2021.   It is simply not enough for our Federal Government to be prepared for  an attempted terrorist attack. We must ensure that our State and local  partners are prepared as well.   Nowhere else is this more apparent than in the case of surface  transportation. This legislation ensures that the Federal Government is  providing sufficient information, intelligence, and training to State  and local partners to better defend surface transportation assets.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1870,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members  to support this bill, and I congratulate my colleague on it.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1893, the  Transportation Security Preparedness Act of 2021.   Our dedicated TSA workforce is critical in protecting our Nation's  transportation system. This legislation will ensure that the voices of  those frontline workers who have served tirelessly during the COVID-19  pandemic are heard as TSA improves its preparedness and protection of  the transportation system in the face of future public health threats.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1893.   Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members to support  the bill of my good friend, Bonnie Watson Coleman, the sponsor of the  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1895, the  Transportation Security Public Health Threat Preparedness Act of 2021.   The COVID-19 pandemic tested every aspect of our Nation's  infrastructure. The nature of a global pandemic has brought into focus  the impact that transportation systems can have on the spread or  control of such pandemics.   This legislation, sponsored by my friend and colleague, Mr. Gimenez,  ensures that the risks of the COVID-19 pandemic are analyzed by TSA and  that it takes the appropriate steps to be prepared should another  public health emergency ever occur.   Given the importance of the transportation system in the economy and  everyday life of this country, it is paramount that the Federal  Government ensure better preparedness and resilience of the system.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in support of H.R. 1895.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Gimenez).    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, I urge Members  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1877, the Security  Screening During COVID-19 Act.   The COVID-19 pandemic has tested our Nation's preparedness on many  fronts. Like in so many other areas, it is important that we emerge  from this pandemic stronger than when it started. This legislation  seeks to make our aviation security more resilient by requiring TSA to  develop a plan for screening operations during the pandemic.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1877. I  congratulate my colleague and friend from Missouri (Mr. Cleaver).   Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, I urge Members to support  this bill and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1871, the  Transportation Security Transparency Improvement Act. Clarity and  transparency are important everywhere in government, and the TSA is no  exception. This bill will ensure that TSA creates a more consistent and  transparent system for determining what qualifies as sensitive security  information, or SSI. It further requires TSA to work closely with  transportation stakeholders in the development, review, and  implementation of new requirements, known as security directives, or  SDs, and emergency amendments, or EAs.   It is critical that TSA works hand in glove with our transportation  industry to ensure the safest, most efficient travel for all Americans.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1871,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge  Members to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank my colleague from New York for supporting my bill,  H.R.  [[Page H3696]]  1833, the DHS Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act  of 2021.   As I have said from day one as ranking member of this committee, we  need to continue to bolster cybersecurity capabilities at CISA to  defend our Federal networks and the Nation's critical infrastructure  from cyber threats.   The volume of cyberattacks and ransomware attacks in 2021 alone shows  that no one is immune from nation-state cyber actors or cyber  criminals. Cyber threats, particularly ransomware, are the preeminent  national security threat facing our Nation today. From Colonial  Pipeline to a local water facility in Florida, we have witnessed the  real-world consequences cyberattacks can have on our critical  infrastructure.   In the cyberattack against a water treatment plant in Florida,  hackers were able to gain access to industrial control systems, or ICS  for short, and attempted to alter the mixture of water chemicals to  what could have been catastrophic fatal levels.   Cyber incidents are very rarely sector specific. CISA is a central  agency that can quickly connect the dots when a malicious cyber  campaign spans multiple sectors. It is vital that we continue to  enhance its visibility across the critical infrastructure ecosystem.   This bill requires the CISA director to maintain capabilities to  detect and mitigate threats and vulnerabilities affecting automated  control of critical infrastructure, particularly industrial control  systems.   This includes maintaining cross-sector incident response capabilities  to respond to cybersecurity incidents and providing cybersecurity  technical assistance to stakeholders.   We must continue to solidify CISA's lead role in protecting our  Nation's critical infrastructure from cyber threats, particularly the  industrial control systems that underpin vital components of our daily  lives.   This bill is one step in the committee's continued efforts to build  up CISA's authorities and resources to effectively carry out its  mission, and it is a resounding statement to have such heavy-hitting,  bipartisan support.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1833,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members  to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2980, the  Cybersecurity Vulnerability Remediation Act. I would like to thank the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), my friend, for being a  staunch advocate of CISA and these important cybersecurity issues. I  look forward to continuing to work with her and my other colleagues on  the preeminent national security threat facing our Nation today.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to join me in supporting H.R. 2980, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge  Members to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 3223, the CISA Cyber Exercise Act. I  thank my friend and colleague, Ms. Slotkin, for her leadership on this  bill, which establishes a cyber exercise program  [[Page H3703]]  within CISA to elevate the National Cyber Incident Response Plan.   As cyberattacks affecting our Nation's critical infrastructure  continue to rise, it is imperative that State and local governments and  the private sector leverage the free services CISA offers to help  prevent and mitigate the scourge of ransomware and other cyberattacks  facing our Nation.   I am pleased that this legislation will authorize another vital tool  in CISA's arsenal.   I urge Members to join me in supporting H.R. 3223, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge  Members to support this fine bill. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from New York for her words in  support of H.R. 3264, a bill I introduced called the Domains Critical  to Homeland Security Act. We are now a year and a half into the COVID  pandemic and, as a country, have yet to make substantial progress in  making our supply chains more secure and resilient.   America's economic and homeland security depends on the flow of  goods, services, information, and technology across our physical and  virtual borders. And as we all know, COVID-19 exposed many risks and  flaws to our critical supply chains; flaws that we now must address.   Over the past year and a half, we painfully discovered that China was  a world leader in the production of personal protective equipment. And  despite being the epicenter of the pandemic, China was in a privileged  position, blocking the rest of the world's access to PPE at a time of  maximum need.   China selfishly was able to plan ahead with its asymmetrical  knowledge of what would be needed, choosing to put the U.S. and the  rest of the world at risk. It has become clear that the United States  is overly reliant on many important goods from China, such as  semiconductors, rare earth minerals used in electronics, and active  ingredients in pharmaceuticals, all of which could put Americans'  security and resilience at risk. It has become clear that many future  supply chain vulnerabilities are likely unknown to us, even now.   With COVID, we learned these lessons the hard way. Now is the time to  act by proactively identifying these risks. We can't allow ourselves to  be behind the curve in the next national or global disaster. We need to  take action and get ahead of the curve and do our best to serve our  country. That means we need to stop talking about it and finally put  pen to paper.   To do this--to keep our supply chain secure--and to prevent similar  disruptions from crippling our economy and jeopardizing our resiliency  posture, Homeland Security needs to identify and analyze weak links in  the U.S. global supply chains and work to prioritize where efforts need  to be focused to strengthen those most critical to our homeland.   My bill requires Homeland Security to do just that; to look at  critical supply chains, identify weaknesses, and prioritize  vulnerabilities in a way that allows for meaningful action in years  ahead to address them. This is really just commonsense legislation. It  is about being prepared.   Requiring Homeland Security to report on these vulnerabilities to our  economic security annually to Congress and the public will allow for  the first time a unifying document that accounts for the security  implications of current and future economic decisions, and enable a  prioritized policy response to spur action.   It is crucial that Homeland Security lean into its unique position as  the only executive department that deals with both the national  security and economic prosperity of the Nation, and lead the United  States Government as a preeminent economic security agency in the  decades to come.   This is a natural maturation of Homeland Security's unique vantage  point sitting on top of 16 critical infrastructure sectors where it  stitches together a holistic national risk picture.   We can no longer take for granted the resiliency of our economy. We  need to work to ensure that all modes of travel are safe, to facilitate  trade through our ports of entry, and to keep our networks free from  cyberattacks.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Chairman Thompson, for being an  original cosponsor, as well as all my committee colleagues for  unanimously supporting this bipartisan legislation in committee.  Economic security is homeland security, and I urge my colleagues to  support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1850, the Supporting  Research and Development for First Responders Act. H.R. 1850 authorizes  the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory within the Department  of Homeland Security's Science and Technology directorate.   This important lab tests and evaluates emerging technologies and  conducts research and development to assist emergency response  providers in preparing for and protecting against Homeland Security  threats.   The lab also works to enhance first responder capabilities by  partnering with stakeholders to develop viable solutions to  radiological and nuclear threats and by acting as a technical adviser  to the first responder community.   The National Urban Security Technology Laboratory has assisted in  training thousands of State and local first responders during more than  130 training events with State and local agencies throughout the New  York City metropolitan area. With New York still serving as a top  target for terrorist and other security threats, now is the time to  support our front line emergency response providers.   Madam Speaker, I commend my fellow New York colleagues,  Representatives Rice and Garbarino, for leading on this issue.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 1850,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to adopt a comment of my colleague  from New York (Ms. Clarke) about the great State of New York.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members to support  this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3263, the DHS Medical  Countermeasures Act offered by my colleague and friend, Representative  Miller-Meeks.   This bill establishes a critical medical countermeasures program  within the Department of Homeland Security to protect the workforce  from chemical, biological, radiological, and other public health  threats.   The COVID-19 pandemic has shown us the importance of preparation and  risk mitigation in the face of the unknown. At the Department of  Homeland Security, where many components have high-risk, public-facing  operations, a medical countermeasures program and stockpile are crucial  for ensuring mission continuity.   Like the rest of the country, the Department struggled to maintain  sufficient supplies throughout the pandemic. That, combined with the  reliance on foreign-made personal protective equipment and other  medical supplies, highlights the need for this important legislation.   This bill requires the Homeland Security chief medical officer to  maintain a medical countermeasures stockpile and develop standards for  its storage, security, and maintenance.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Miller-Meeks for her leadership  on this timely bill. I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R.  3263, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge  Members to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   