 Madam President, I rise today with a lot of joy. I get a  chance to speak about someone I have known for decades. I am rising to  speak about Julien Neals and my hope that he gets to serve on the U.S.  District Court of the great State of New Jersey.   I have spoken to many of my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary  Committee about Julien Neals. He is someone I have not just known for a  long time, but even though he is not quite my height, I look up to him.  We worked together when I was mayor of the city of Newark. So today  what I really want to speak about is not simply his impressive career,  his distinguished resume, but I really want to talk a bit about who he  is.   I am not sure how many of my colleagues know this about the city of  Newark, NJ, but when I became mayor in 2006, we inherited a lot of very  complex, very serious challenges, and for the sake of our residents, we  needed to make change quickly and very urgently. So I brought in this  guy named Julien Neals, whom I didn't quite know that well, but he was  so well highly recommended.   He moved from the private sector, where he was with a very  prestigious New Jersey law firm, and decided to lead the transformation  in New Jersey's largest municipal court. He knew that it was a court  system that had to change, and he stepped up. He changed it. He changed  the way our court operated. He centered it in common community values  and made sure that everyone who came before that court was treated in a  way that affirmed their dignity, no matter what the matter was.   He pioneered innovations that the whole State--in fact, many places  in our Nation--took notice of. He created the first community court in  the State of New Jersey, the first youth court, and the first veterans  court. He realized that citizens all have, often, different needs,  especially folks like our young people and our veterans, and that there  is a different way to achieve a larger standard and a larger ideal of  justice.   Well, the problem is, when you do so well in one job, you get pushed  to another opportunity. I quickly moved him from being my chief judge  of New Jersey's largest municipal court to come in and be my  corporation counsel in my mayoral administration.   In the wake of the recession in 2008, he became the business manager,  the person who runs the city day to day, and under the most difficult,  savage of circumstances, he made challenging changes that helped us get  through that very difficult period.   Cities all over New Jersey were being crushed financially, making  massive amounts of layoffs, and in those financial times, he was able  to get our city to be dramatically more efficient, to bring in new  ideas that helped us to create everything from environmental  sustainability to expanding access to municipal services to the public.  He brought in innovations that became really par for the course all  over New Jersey, but Newark did them first.   Today, now, Julien serves as the counsel for the largest county in  New Jersey--a county that is bigger than some of our States.   I have had the privilege of knowing Julien, as I have said, now for  the past couple decades, and I have watched him handle challenge after  challenge, from a global recession to Hurricane Sandy. He has stood in  the saddle and helped with calmness, with coolness, with an equipoise  that is enviable to all, including me. I have watched him lead. I have  watched him care. I have watched his love of others be reflected in the  decisions he made under the most difficult of circumstances. I have  seen him in crisis after crisis rise not just to meet the challenge but  to, in most circumstances, have us come out better off than we were  before.   He, in so many ways, is one of the great leaders I have had the  privilege of working with in my life. Julien Neals is brilliant. He is  thoughtful. He is deliberate in his decision making. He has all of the  ideals that I think we want in a Federal judge.   I have to tell you, most importantly to me, I know him. I know his  parents. I know his family. I know his kids. He is one of those people  who would make you proud not just in knowing but in ascending to a  position like a judge. I know he will make us proud in the way that he  leads from the bench.   I want to thank President Biden for nominating him. I want to  encourage all of my colleagues in a bipartisan way, as I said in the  Judiciary Committee, to consider supporting him.   I have had many privileges as a U.S. Senator. God, this is one of  those jobs where you have to, like, give glory to God every day for  just having the privilege of standing on this floor and getting to be a  part of some things that, as much as we rancor back and forth, we  should all be proud of, whether it is a global pandemic or just making  sure we are funding critical parts of the government where public  servants serve. But of all the privileges I have, I have to say this is  one of the great ones, the chance to make a man whom I look up to in  every way--make him a Federal judge, to try to encourage my colleagues  to make him a Federal judge.   I see that my senior Senator, my friend--another guy I look up to  even though I got him by an inch or two--has come to the floor, and if  the Presiding Officer would allow me, I would like to yield to the  senior Senator of the State of New Jersey--more handsome than I am, but  I think we are an equal tag team when it comes to serving our State   I yield the floor with the fear that he does have the microphone  last.  [[Page S3953]]     Madam President, is there a pending vote now on the  cloture vote?    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I appreciate the 180 seconds, and I will  be patient and wait.   I am sorry. There is a quorum call, correct?    Reserving the right to object, I would just like to say  that is why he is the senior Senator.   