 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished  gentlewoman from Missouri for her leadership on this very important  issue.   Madam Speaker, as a physician, I know firsthand that this bill, H.R.  5, will force medical providers to surrender sound medical judgment and  their sincerely held convictions to politically fashionable dogmas.   According to the radical activists who seek to enshrine gender  identity in the Federal civil rights law, the only appropriate  treatment for a child struggling from gender dysphoria is gender  reassignment. That is it. Such procedures often lead to irreversible  damage, especially in adolescents. But under the Equality Act, medical  providers who object to performing these procedures will face crushing  legal liability if they refuse to comply. Every medical facility  receiving any Federal money will be given an ultimatum: Comply or shut  down.   Madam Speaker, if H.R. 5 becomes law, a doctor who refuses to perform  a mastectomy or a hysterectomy on an otherwise healthy teenage girl  seeking gender reassignment surgery, will be held liable for violating  the Federal law.   H.R. 5 even goes so far as to exempt itself from longstanding,  bipartisan Federal religious liberty protections--protections both  Congress and the Supreme Court have consistently upheld. A Catholic  hospital, following the commands of Scripture to serve the frail and  the poor will be forced to violate  [[Page H571]]  their very faith to comply and perform abortions or face financial  ruin.   Madam Speaker, as a physician, I took a sacred oath to do no harm and  to preserve the health of those in my care. If this bill becomes law,  many doctors will be forced to go against both their conscience and  their medical judgment.   Make no mistake, this is a death sentence for medicine and for the  sacred rights of conscience. Biology is not bigotry, and medicine is  not discrimination.   All Americans who do not wish to see medicine sacrificed to the  politically correct orthodoxy should stand up and oppose this bill.   