 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the great State  of New York for his leadership. In such a short period of time, what he  has demonstrated to all of us about being a leader, I applaud him for  this.   I am pleased to join with my colleagues in the Progressive Caucus as  we continue to advocate for President Biden's American Families Plan  and investing in the care economy.   That means things like funding for high-quality, affordable  childcare, including universal pre-K; making sure that childcare costs  do not exceed 7 percent of income for working families; ensuring that  childcare workers, who are largely women and people of color, have a  $15 minimum wage--let me repeat that--ensuring that childcare workers,  who are largely women and people of color, have a $15 minimum wage; and  meaningful investments in Medicare home and community-based services,  which would help workers in the home care industry.   Everyone would like to say they are pro-family and pro-children. This  is the chance to prove it.   Earlier this month, I joined with SEIU members in Philadelphia to  rally for passing $400 billion for caregiving. I told them funding for  childcare and other caregiving is essential, since we actually want  people to be able to go back to work.   We started this year off big and bold with $1.9 trillion in the  American Rescue Plan. That was a big step in the right direction. It  was a down payment.   The American people voted into office a Democratic President, a  Democratic Senate, and a Democratic House. As we promise to build back  better, they expect us to do more than just reset the calendar to  February 2020. The old normal wasn't so great for millions of  Americans, including many Philadelphians I represent. They deserve  better than the old normal. The American Families Plan would do a lot  to deliver on our promise. Let's get it done.   Again, I thank Mr. Bowman for his leadership and the importance of  this leadership and all the members of the Progressive Caucus  demonstrating how we are going to lead the charge.   