 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member  Rodgers of the full committee, as well as Ranking Member Latta and  Chairman Doyle of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, for  helping bring my bill, H.R. 3919, the Secure Equipment Act, to the  House floor.   Madam Speaker, I also want to especially thank Congresswoman Eshoo  for partnering with me on this bill. We have worked on a number of  telecommunications laws, and this is yet another example of  Congresswoman Eshoo and I coming together, and our staffs, to address a  very important threat to American families.   Madam Speaker, my bill is about one thing, and that is stopping the  Chinese Communist Party and Chinese companies that act on their behalf  from compromising our telecommunications networks and stopping them  from jeopardizing American national security and the important data  that all Americans hold sacred.   H.R. 3919, the Secure Equipment Act, puts a full stop to China  infiltrating our networks by prohibiting the FCC from issuing equipment  licenses to Chinese telecommunications equipment companies that are  identified as national security threats.   This legislation builds off the important work of the Energy and  Commerce Committee when it came together in a bipartisan manner in  2019, as Chairman Pallone mentioned, on his critical legislation that  will address the threat of China by getting the Secure and Trusted  Communications Networks Act signed into law.   One of the requirements of that act instructed the FCC to publish a  list of telecommunication equipment companies deemed to be national  security threats. In fact, earlier this year, the FCC published that  list of companies. As you can see, five companies ended up on that  list. All of these companies are Chinese companies that are either  partly or wholly owned by the Chinese Government and that have ties to  the CCP.   Madam Speaker, we know all too well that the CCP wastes no time and  no opportunity to expose American vulnerabilities and to try to  undermine our national security. There are way too many examples of  that.   Since all Chinese companies are subject to Chinese national security  laws, at any point the CCP could choose to exploit these listed  companies and require them to tap into their access in American  networks to gain critical, sensitive data, both from individuals as  well as sensitive government information.   While the 2019 law made great strides in thwarting the threat of  China in our networks, U.S. carriers can still privately purchase  equipment from these listed companies on the open market.   By prohibiting the FCC from issuing any equipment licenses to these  companies that are listed as national security threats, our bill seeks  to close the gap in existing law and slam the door on jeopardized  Chinese equipment from threatening our American networks and from  threatening the privacy and data of American families.   Madam Speaker, the time has never been more urgent. It is important  that this body do all it can to stop the undue and malign influences of  the CCP from infiltrating our data and our telecommunications network.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Latta), the ranking member of the Communications and  Technology Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  [[Page H5656]]  Indiana (Mr. Pence), my friend and also a member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman does not, and I am prepared  to close.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I would just again join, along with my colleague, Anna  Eshoo from California, in urging all Members of the House to pass the  Secure Equipment Act and protect the privacy of data from Americans as  well as that sensitive information that flows across networks that is  also held by the government.   Let's delist and not certify companies that have already been deemed  by the FCC to be national security threats. I urge all of my colleagues  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   