 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I want to commend my good friend and colleague,  Chairman Meeks, for his strong bipartisan approach on this measure to  authorize the State Department. As he mentioned, it has been 20 years  since Congress has authorized the State Department. This is our  obligation under Article I of the Constitution, and for 10 Congresses,  we have failed in that mission.   I am very proud today that, working with the chairman, we are going  to get this thing done and send it over to the Senate. 2002 was the  last time. In the nearly 20 years since that authority lapsed, we have  seen too many taxpayer dollars wasted on inefficient hirings and  procurements, an expanding bureaucracy, and an outdated IT system that  left us vulnerable to cyberattacks from our adversaries.   It is a fundamental duty of the Foreign Affairs Committee to pass an  annual authorization bill, just like we pass a national defense  authorization bill. This is necessary to fulfill our constitutional  oversight responsibilities and our obligation to be good stewards of  the people's money.   For these reasons I am proud, again, of this bipartisan effort our  committee has produced, as we often do. It will address numerous  longstanding difficulties. It will fortify the Department and our  diplomats with the tools needed to fulfill their missions to promote  America overseas and enhance our security abroad.   Among other important reforms, the bill before us will modernize the  State Department workforce, eliminate outdated reports, bolster embassy  and information security, strengthen the State Department's diplomacy  and anticorruption efforts, and reassert the Article I prerogatives of  the United States Congress.   As the United States faces growing challenges around the world, we  need our Secretary and diplomats to know that Congress supports them,  and that is precisely what this bill does.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank, again, Chairman Meeks, for his great  leadership and his team and staff for working with mine. This type of  collaboration has been a hallmark of our work on this committee, and I  know that it will continue to be so.   Again, this bill having lapsed for nearly 20 years, it is long  overdue. This bill deserves our unanimous support.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim), an esteemed member of the Committee on Foreign  Affairs.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I think this is a momentous day for the Congress. I  want to thank my friend and colleague, Chairman Meeks, for his great  leadership in bringing this long-overdue authorization bill to the  floor.   I also want to thank former chairman Eliot Engel, who I worked with  very closely to get an authorization bill passed out of the House, just  to see it fail in the Senate. I hope the Senate will not allow that to  happen again. This is really desperately needed. It is a momentous day  for the House. It is critical. It is bipartisan. It reclaims our  constitutional prerogatives of the Congress and the full oversight role  of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I think it demands our unanimous  support.   I yield back the balance of my time.   