 Mr. Speaker, I do intend to speak on my amendment to  H.R. 5314, but I do have to reference the remarks recently made by the  Democratic Speaker of the House on her testimony.   Look, it is no news flash that Democrats dislike the former  President. Democrats dislike President Trump. The news flash is they  really fear the former President, and that is what this legislation is  all about, because their fear is so intense and so overreaching and so  preoccupying in their lives, they can think of nothing else.   I do want to thank my friend from Kentucky for including me in this  en bloc discussion. I think the amendments that Mr. Comer and I are  offering are an important addition to this bill, the so-called  Protecting Our Democracy Act.   Title II of this bill extends the statute of limitations for offenses  allegedly committed by a sitting President or a Vice President for the  duration of their tenure and any period of time preceding their tenure  in office. While we can agree with the title of the section, ``No  President is Above the Law,'' this section further sets our President  and Vice President apart.   Under current law, elected officials, President and Vice President,  may be investigated for alleged commissions of crimes, and any  information can then be brought before Congress where Congress can then  choose to remove that official from office via impeachment.   We know how facile our Democratic majority has been with the tool of  impeachment in the past 2 years. If impeached and removed from office,  that individual, the President or Vice President, would then be open to  prosecution to the fullest extent of the law, well within the statute  of limitations, just like every other American.   Additionally, Title II is very likely unconstitutional, as the Sixth  Amendment's speedy trial clause protects the accused against  unreasonable delays between an indictment and a trial. Extending the  statute of limitations in Title II of this bill would only further  politicize the Presidency and Vice Presidency, further politicize the  impeachment process, which the Democrats have elevated to a high art,  and make holders of those offices the targets of politically motivated  investigations during and after their terms.   For those reasons, I urge support of this amendment and support of  Mr. Comer's amendment.   