 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, and I wouldn't  have missed this.   We have an Energy and Commerce markup that continues on.   I guess through the chair to Paul, I wouldn't miss the opportunity to  encourage you, and express through the chair, Paul, my deep  appreciation for you as a friend, as a colleague, as a fighter.   Though I have not heard all the comments of my colleagues, I am sure  that they have said to you: We love you. We are pulling for you, for  Sherry, for the  [[Page H3071]]  family. We are in your corner. But we also know that you are the one  who has to fight this; and friends sometimes feel that, in a very  unique way, it is a helpless feeling.   As we think about you and pray for you, and as a co-chairman of the  Congressional Prayer Caucus, you probably ought to expect that I am  praying for you, and I will. I am praying that God will give you  strength, patience, endurance, and even a joy in the process of what  you are modeling to your family as you go through this.   I know you are a tough guy. We have had our verbal battles together  all the time, and I am not even going to admit today that you may have  won on a few occasions. I know that you race cars, and you race cars  not to lose, and you race cars to take that victory lap after you went  through the checker flag. And right now we are expecting you to race,  to give it your absolute best, to use all the resources necessary to  continue on because your life is important to your family, to your  friends, and to those of us who look on.   If we admit, though you are going through a physical challenge that  none of us are going through right now, but in the reality of life,  none of us on the floor right here now have any more certainty about  any longer time given to us than you have. I might not make it  tomorrow. So it is important that we buy up the day that we have. And  my prayers are that you are doing that in the challenges that you face,  Paul, in the disappointments, in the discouragements that come, and the  dark hours at night.   Yet there is someone. And I am not saying this to you simply because  I am a preacher, even though I have gone to the dark side. I am saying  it to you because my relationship with the Savior makes it possible for  me to look to the future, whatever that future means, with hope, with  certainty. The Jesus who I hope is a spirit I exude to my colleagues,  my friends, my neighbors, and to you tonight, Paul, is the same one who  said: I come that you might have life and have it abundantly.   He is the same one who came to die for each of us and understands our  needs. He is the same one who said: I am the resurrection and the life.  He that believes in me, though he die--and we all will--yet shall he  live. For whosoever lives and believes in me shall never abide in  death.   That is an eternal thing. And, Paul, you and I have talked about  those spiritual things as well. Pull on to your faith. You and Sherry  pull on that faith. Let it strengthen you. Let it encourage you. Let  the loving, loving Savior who gave himself for you and me and everyone  give you the strength to battle on, to go on that racetrack of  challenge and whatever, to find a certainty that in Him there is an  eternity, there is an eternity that begins here and now.   Paul, we love you. I love you. I will be praying for you. I am  counting on you to do everything you can. I am counting on your family  to be blessed because of the example you are setting. But I am also  saying to you that we are going to keep on supporting you. God bless  you, brother.   