 Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following  nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 151, 152, 153, and 154; that those  nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations;  and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action  and the Senate then resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I will rephrase this one more time.   I would ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive  session to consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 153--for  those who want to know, that is Matthew T. Quinn of Montana; that the  nomination be confirmed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no  further motions be in order to any other nomination; and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate  resume legislative session.    Mr. President.    Last month, four well-qualified, noncontroversial  nominees were unanimously voted out of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee--unanimously voted out of the Veterans' Affairs Committee,  which Senator Blackburn sits on. Here is who these people are:   Don Remy, a veteran, has been nominated as VA Deputy Secretary--VA  Deputy Secretary. That is second in command. If Senator Blackburn wants  quick reaction from the VA on toxic exposure, maybe Senator Blackburn  shouldn't hold that nominee of the No. 2 position of the Department, a  nominee specifically tasked with coordinating VA's work with the  Defense Department, which includes issues like--guess what--toxic  exposure. But that is all right. We will leave him sitting at home. We  will leave the veterans out in the cold.   Then there is Patricia Ross, who is nominated to be Assistant  Secretary for Congressional Affairs. So if Senator Blackburn wants more  information from the VA on legislation and how much it costs, maybe the  Senator shouldn't hold the nominee tasked with getting that information  from the VA to Congress, but she is.   Then, there is Maryanne Donaghy, nominated as Assistant Secretary for  Accountability and Whistleblower Protection. I want to tell you that  whistleblowers regularly come to us with reports of waste, fraud, and  abuse.   Folks love to condemn the VA--we heard a lot about it a second ago-- when it fails to hold its workforce accountable. I recommend that, if  Senator Blackburn wants to request accountability at the VA, maybe the  Senator shouldn't hold the nominee tasked with employee accountability  and whistleblower protection.   Then, there is Matt Quinn--someone that I know very, very well  because he comes from the State of Montana--for director of cemetery  affairs. So when people die, no one is there in the VA to take care of  this issue.   Once again, all four people--critically important people--whom the  Senator voted for to get out of committee are now being held by the  Senator.   I am going to tell you that, if we want to hold the VA accountable  today in a situation where we are coming out of a pandemic, this is not  the way to do it. The bottom line is that if you want a VA that can  function, then, we have to have that VA staffed up.   Don't talk to me or anybody else in this body about distressed  veterans and then say: You know what. We are going to stop the No. 2.  We are going to stop the VA person who is supposed to talk to us. We  are going to stop the cemetery person. We will stop the whistleblower  person. That is really helping veterans.   Quite frankly, it is just the contrary.   I pride myself on running a committee that is very bipartisan, and  the VA Committee may be the best, not because of me but because of  people like Jerry Moran, John Boozman, people like Patty Murray. Those  people step up to the plate every day, and they do what is right for  veterans.   Let's talk about the toxic exposure bill. Let's talk about that bill.  In World War I, we had mustard gas. The VA had no capacity to deal with  those veterans. In World War II, we had radiation. The VA had no  capacity. In the Vietnam war, we had Agent Orange. And, by the way,  they died, they died, and they died again because this body refuses to  give the VA the tools they need to take care of our veterans, and now  we are doing the same thing with burn pits.   I am here to tell you that I had a veteran stand up in my very first  year on the VA Committee. A Vietnam veteran stood up in the back of the  room in a townhall and said: You are not going to treat this generation  of veterans like you treated ours, the Vietnam veterans.   Well, I tell you what: If we want to close the door and we want to  delay and we want to push back what is going on with burn pits, then,  let's have them die.   You were at the hearing that the lung transplant guy was at. We had  to juggle that hearing so he could even be at it because he was on  medication.   The bottom line is people are dying every day.   By the way, we are still not done with Agent Orange, hypertension,  and MGUS, which are in this bill. They will die. Some more of them will  die.   We send our young people off to war. They come back changed, and we  don't have the guts to step up and debate the bill. When I give the  ranking member the authority to stop that bill from coming to the  floor, we are still going to make excuses? Give me a break.   I am going to tell you what. I have been in this body for probably  too long. We turn around and we try to do the right things, and we have  people who say: You know, send our young people off to war at the drop  of the hat. Send them off to war. Send them off to war.  [[Page S4535]]    And then they come back, and they are changed, and we say we are not  going to take care of them because we need information right now, this  very minute, when it is not even on the floor. We need the  information--when I have already made a commitment to the ranking  member that we are going to have this information. But, no, what we are  going to do is we are going to stop the VA from having a slate of  candidates so they can do their jobs and service the veterans.   Guess what. I am not a veteran. This doesn't impact me, but it  impacts the veterans in my State, some 100,000 of them--1 in 10  Montanans--and, in fact, veterans all across this country.   We can sit here and we can play these games of holding up nominees to  fill critical Agency departments, and we can play them and play them  and play them again, and we can say we are doing it on behalf of the  veterans. That is bull--you got it--total bull.   We have a job to do here, folks. If we don't want to confirm well- qualified folks, then, why don't we just shut down the VA? Why don't we  tell McDonough that he is out of luck, that we are not going to send  him any help? And then we start making demands.   The bottom line is this, folks: All the things Senator Blackburn is  concerned about, I made a commitment with the ranking member that we  are going to get those questions answered, and we will get them  answered with good information. And then if the ranking member  consents, we will have a vote and we will have debate, and we will make  a determination whether this is the right thing to do.   But just to say, ``No, we are stopping everything right now; no more  toxic exposure bill until I get this information because we are not  going to send you the staff to do your job,'' doesn't make a lot of  sense to me. It doesn't make a lot of sense to me. And in the process  our veterans suffer. That veteran who has hypertension dies--one less  problem for the VA, because we created the problem right here today.   I would ask Senator Blackburn to reconsider her hold so we can get  the VA the staff they need so they can do their job.   I yield the floor   