 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in memory and in  honor of Corporal Page, a 23-year-old marine from Nebraska. He gave his  life defending Americans and our allies in the chaos of the Kabul  airport as many tried to escape the capture of Afghanistan by a band of  blood-thirsty terrorists.   Corporal Page is 1 of 13 heroes who gave his life that day defending  the Kabul airport in the midst of that chaotic evacuation. The American  people owe these men and women a debt of gratitude that we will never  be able to repay.   Corporal Page lost his life while honoring our Nation's promise that  we would leave no one behind. He and his fellow marines never wavered.  They didn't fail in executing their duty. They were given an impossible  mission, and these men and women fought to the end. It is now our duty  to stand with these families, the families of each of these 13, and to  honor their sacrifices.   Last Friday, in Omaha, thousands and thousands and thousands of  Nebraskans lined the streets to give Corporal Page a hero's welcome as  his body was returned home. As his family said, ``Our hearts are still  broken, but we are the lucky few who know what it is'' to have the  entire city of Omaha give you a hug.   We are called to gather around one another. We are called to join  with the grieving and to mourn the loss of these brave men and women.   Corporal Page was a Nebraskan who made his family and his State and  his entire Nation proud. He left for boot camp shortly after graduating  from Millard South High School, and he was proud to serve in the 2nd  Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment with his fellow marines.   He enjoyed playing hockey. One of my kids played hockey against him.  He  [[Page S6477]]  went to Millard South High School, but he played hockey for Westside  and the Fremont team my kids played on. They got to compete against him  and know him as a competitor.   He enjoyed hunting, being in the outdoors. He especially enjoyed the  water. He was a Boy Scout in Troop 331. He loved spending time with his  family and friends. He was a member of his local church, the Lutheran  church of Millard, St. Paul's Lutheran Church of Millard.   Like so many Nebraskans, he was a die-hard sports fan, his favorite  team being the Chicago Blackhawks.   Corporal Page gave the last full measure of devotion to his country.  His mission was clear. In the chaos of Kabul, Corporal Page was there  to protect and save lives, and that is exactly what he did. Marines  held the line and pulled both Americans and our Afghan allies to  safety. Marines pulled children out of hell, gave them water, and got  them to safety.   Corporal Page gave his life so that others would live. Nebraskans  will never forget him. Heroes like Corporal Page didn't fail us, and we  can't forget them. We must keep our promise to honor his family, to  teach our families about their sacrifice, and to strive to live lives  of gratitude. It is times like this where we rediscover the heart of  our country. Communities that pull together--as happened last Friday  and will happen this Friday at his funeral at St. Paul's Lutheran--we  pray together, make meals for each other, and we are reminded of the  sacrifice so many families have made.   Today, and in the days to come, we in Nebraska will honor Corporal  Page, and we across this country will honor the 13 who fell that day.  Your sacrifice is a debt we can never repay.   I yield the floor.   