 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 147, I call  up the bill (H.R. 803) to designate certain lands in the State of  Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 803.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 803, the Protecting  America's Wilderness and Public Lands Act.   I first want to thank Chairman Grijalva for his incredible leadership  of the House Natural Resources Committee, and for bringing his Grand  Canyon Protection Act to the floor today as part of the bill that we  will be considering.   I have been honored to work alongside Chair Grijalva on the Natural  Resources Committee and I am looking forward to continuing that work as  the chair of the National Parks, Forests, and Public Lands Subcommittee  this Congress.   The bill that we are considering today unifies eight standalone  proposals as H.R. 803, the Protecting America's Wilderness and Public  Lands Act. Representative DeGette, who is the primary sponsor,  Representative Huffman, Representative Chu, Representative Carbajal,  Representative Schiff, and Representative Kilmer, have all worked  tirelessly to advocate for the places in this bill, and I am looking  forward to hearing more from them during today's debate.   Now, before I get carried away with the beauty of Colorado, I would  like to acknowledge the product of our combined efforts: 1.5 million  acres of wilderness; 1,200 miles of protected wild and scenic rivers;  permanent mineral withdrawals for the Grand Canyon and Colorado's  Thompson Divide.   Each title of this bill considers how best to protect public lands  and provide for local considerations. Together, they will improve  access to clean water, clean air, outdoor recreation and, yes, they  will even support jobs and our economy.   Protecting public lands is a key part of the climate solution, and I  am proud to say that we continue those protections here today with the  formal support of the Biden administration.   My contribution to this bill is the Colorado Outdoor Recreation and  Economy Act, or the CORE Act. Through collaboration, consultation,  negotiation, local elected officials, community members, businesses,  outdoor recreation and conservation groups, ranchers, sportsmen, they  have all come together to protect the outdoor areas in Colorado that we  love.   In many cases, Coloradans have been asking Congress to protect these  areas for a decade or longer. In total, the CORE Act would conserve  more than 400,000 acres of public land, and each the CORE Act's four  sections were separately crafted by Coloradans.   Camp Hale is one of the special places protected by the CORE Act.  High on Colorado's Continental Divide, surrounded by the White River  National Forest, the CORE Act would designate the first-ever National  Historic Landscape at Camp Hale to honor the storied legacy of the  Army's 10th Mountain Division.   The soldiers that trained at Camp Hale led our Nation to victory in  World War II, then went on to create the modern outdoor industry, which  today contributes billions to Colorado's growing outdoor recreation  economy.   To similar ends, the CORE Act formally establishes numerous  boundaries, also a handful of National Park Service units without a  formal designation by Congress, which would be in this bill. This long  overdue designation will provide new fishing access, for example, for  sportsmen in the Gunnison River basin.   And in yet another win for Colorado sportsmen, the CORE Act protects  Colorado's only migration corridor over Interstate 70 for elk, mule  deer, and other wildlife.   These areas are just a small sampling, Mr. Speaker, of the many non- wilderness and locally supported protections included in this bill  today.   Additionally, the CORE Act makes a contribution of 73,000 acres to  our National Wilderness Preservation System. The CORE Act wilderness  protects some of Colorado's most iconic peaks, including two  fourteeners: Wilson Peak and Mount Sneffels.   And of the 400,000 acres of public lands covered by the CORE Act,  about half is for the withdrawal and protection of the Thompson Divide.   The Thompson Divide, through ranching and outdoor recreation,  contributes $30 million a year to Colorado's statewide economy. It is  one of  [[Page H694]]  our most treasured landscapes and an area that is simply too valuable  to drill for oil and gas.   The thoughtful input and collaboration put into the CORE Act is  apparent in each title of the Protecting America's Wilderness and  Public Lands Act.   Now, my colleagues may have ideological differences when it comes to  protecting our public lands, but what we can all agree on is that the  United States is blessed with some of the most beautiful landscapes in  the world. And it is thanks to the careful consideration of the  legislators that came before us and the legislators that are gathered  here today on the floor that we are able to enjoy them today, and that  our children will be able to enjoy them tomorrow.   So I urge my colleagues to consider the decades of work that have  gone into the bill that is before us and to recognize the chance that  we all have to vote to protect these places.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, before I yield, I would be remiss if I  didn't say with respect to Colorado in particular, and with much  respect to the ranking member, the Outdoor Alliance sent a letter to  Chairman Grijalva just a few days ago in support of this bill. It was  signed by the CEO of the International Mountain Bicycling Association,  so I think they would have much to disagree with, with respect to some  of the statements that were made.   Finally, I will also say, every bill that is a component of this  measure was marked up in the last Congress, heard in the last Congress,  and passed the last Congress twice.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from  Colorado (Ms. DeGette).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman), the distinguished chairman of the Water,  Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Kilmer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Carbajal).    Mr. Speaker, with much respect to my colleague from  [[Page H699]]  Louisiana--and I enjoy working with him--I just want to assure him,  because he spent a great deal of time in Colorado, that he is still  going to be able to enjoy the wonderful outdoor recreation that our  State has under this bill.   If anything, his ability to do so will only increase. And that is why  the American Whitewater Association, the American Canoe Association,  the International Mountain Bicycling Association, The American Alpine  Club, and Backcountry Hunters & Anglers all support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Chu).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Schiff), the chairman.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time each side has  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O'Halleran).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, there is quite a lot to respond to. I will  just respond to a couple of quick points.   Virtually all the BLM wilderness land that was referenced with  respect to title I has been managed as wilderness essentially for the  better part of the last 40 years.   With respect to wildfires, I would encourage my colleague to read the  Wilderness Act because section 4(d) of the Wilderness Act says: ``Such  measures may be taken as may be necessary in the control of fire,  insects, and diseases.'' That is the law.   Finally, I have to say, with respect to the reference to constituent  support, with respect to the CORE Act, the bill that we introduced as  part of this component bill, Gunnison County, Pitkin County, San Juan  County, Ouray County, San Miguel County, Eagle County, they all support  the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues again to follow the lead  of the folks and the voices at the local level who are imploring us to  pass this bill. I reserve the balance of my time.    I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you again to Chairman Grijalva, and  to each of my colleagues, Representative DeGette, Representative  Schiff, Representative Huffman, and all of my fellow Members who we  heard from today who worked so hard on this important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I have to repeat this because it is important. Every  title of this bill was heard in the 116th Congress, I was at those  hearings. Every title was marked up. I attended those mark-ups with the  ranking member. Every single title of this bill passed in committee,  passed on the floor twice, many of them in bipartisan fashion.   I agree with the ranking member. At the end of the day we have an  obligation to leave our environment better than when we found it. That  is what this bill is all about. Protecting the most iconic and  beautiful places in the United States of America so that my children,  your children, Mr. Speaker, and the ranking member's children can  continue to enjoy these incredible places in our country.   Mr. Speaker, I hope that my colleagues will vote ``yes'' on this  important legislation and join us in this effort.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   