 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, many bills get introduced in the Senate  and don't seem to go anyplace. The reason is that they are meant to be  simply messaging documents, making a statement, telling people what you  believe, not necessarily with the motive of passing a piece of  legislation.   Now, I usually do not care to comment on these bills. It is simply  not worth the time. But when I see the combination of false information  spread in messaging bills that could negatively impact my State, I must  set the record straight, and that is why I am here.   Several colleagues just introduced a bill to repeal the renewable  fuel standard. I have been a proud advocate for renewable energy. Iowa  is the leader in both wind and renewable fuels. When it comes to the  renewable fuel standard, it is hard to argue that there has ever been a  more successful clean-fuel policy implemented across the world. Between  2008 and 2020, the use of biofuels under the renewable fuel standard  resulted in a savings of 980 million metric tons of carbon dioxide.  That is the equivalent of removing over 200 million cars from the road  for 1 year. The renewable fuel standard makes gasoline more affordable.  It generates good-paying jobs. It reduces oil imports and reduces our  country's greenhouse gas emissions.   The messaging coming from the bill rehashes the same talking points  about ethanol that Big Oil has trotted out for the past decades. So,  once again, Big Oil raises its ugly head.   Of course, Big Oil's talking points have been completely debunked by  the latest science and even our nonpartisan research from the  Congressional Budget Office. And Congress depends a great deal upon the  research done by the Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan group  of professional people that study things a long time before they  release their information.   Now, my pro-oil colleagues say that the renewable fuel standard  causes food and feed prices to rise. However, in 2014, the CBO looked  at this issue and the impact on food prices if the renewable fuel  standard was fully repealed. The Congressional Budget Office concluded  that American food prices would be just one-quarter of 1 percent higher  if the renewable fuel standard was kept in place versus a total repeal.  Out of a $100 grocery bill, the impact is no more than a quarter. But  when you consider that there is a savings of $5 every time you fill up  your gas tank due to the renewable fuel standard, consumers save money  overall with the renewable fuel standard in place.   My colleagues who introduced this messaging legislation also claimed,  falsely, that corn ethanol achieves little to no reduction in  greenhouse gases. Now, this must be the most ridiculous assertion made  against ethanol. I would like to invite my colleagues to visit Iowa to  see how far ethanol has come in reducing emissions.   The most recent research from Harvard shows that corn ethanol  greenhouse gas emissions are 46 percent lower than gasoline. Research  by the U.S. Department of Agriculture found the reduction in  CO2 could reach 71 percent by next year if farmers follow  best practices.   At a time when the Nation is working to reduce fossil fuel  consumption and protect our environment, why would my colleagues  introduce a bill that would increase our dependence upon foreign oil  and, at the same time, increase greenhouse gas emissions? And some of  these people on this bill have the most pure environmental record in  the U.S. Senate.   Renewable fuels like ethanol have a 40-year track record of making  fuel more affordable and vehicles more efficient. To limit this  consumer choice at the pump is completely irresponsible. Attempts to  limit consumer choice, which are driven by big oil interests, must be  defeated.    The United States should continue to build on the progress of the  renewable fuel standard and bring policy to the table that reduces  greenhouse gas emissions and brings jobs to rural America.   Let me end with a history of the RFS because this legislation is a  story of irony if you consider how we got to the renewable fuel  standard in the first place. You see, Big Oil wanted it. Why did they  want it? Well, a lot of States where they had smog had what we call the  oxygenate requirement. It was required in the Clean Air Acts that  Congress has passed over the decades. In order to meet that standard,  Big Oil would add what they call MTBE, a product made out of petroleum  that they added to their gasoline to meet the oxygenate standards, to  reduce smog.   After a long period of time, people realized that the MTBE was  poisoning groundwater in California--maybe other places as well, but I  remember mostly the conflict being in California--and they were being  sued. So by 2005, Big Oil decided they didn't want to be sued, and what  could they do to get out of it? Well, the RFS was the answer.   I was chairman of the Finance Committee at the time. They came to us  with the ideas of the RFS, and it fit into a lot of things that we from  agricultural interests were trying to accomplish as well. So the  renewable fuel standard was written in cooperation with Big Oil--the  first time in three decades that Big Oil had any interest in working  with ethanol industry. Then, what, after 3 or 4 years of working with  us, they have been attacking the RFS since then.   This piece of legislation I am speaking about today is just one more  example of Big Oil trying to attack ethanol. And I gave all the facts  about ethanol being good for the consumer, good for the environment,  and good for less reliance on foreign countries for our energy sources.  In fact, everything about ethanol is good, good, good.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   