 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  service and sacrifice to our country.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support, as well, of H.R. 1476 to  allocate more resources to our American heroes struggling with post- traumatic stress disorder, PTSD, and traumatic brain injury.   Madam Speaker, as we become more aware of mental health, we must  ensure that we make every possible effort to help those who served our  Nation and are now struggling. It is estimated that 11 to 20 percent of  veterans suffer from PTSD, and almost 500,000 veterans have suffered a  TBI in the past 20 years.   These injuries were incurred protecting our Nation and defending our  freedom across numerous wars. Certainly this conversation surrounding  mental health has gained a new national spotlight in the past number of  months as veterans witnessed the chaotic and reckless withdrawal from  Afghanistan. My office has received numerous calls from veterans in my  district who are deeply disturbed by the events we have witnessed, and  many are experiencing new grief and pain.   Similarly, it was reported that the veterans crisis hotline saw a  recent surge in both texts and calls from veterans struggling with  mental health around the Nation.   There is no greater honor or act of selflessness than to sign up to  serve our Nation in our military. We have a moral and sworn obligation  to protect those who sacrificed protecting us, and we have an  obligation to ensure any veteran can access the resources they need.   I proudly cosponsored the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Peer Support Program  Act as one solution to this complex problem. I would say I knew full  well how well this program operated as a member of the State senate  trying to carry on the great work and the creation of Congressman  Zeldin when he was in the State senate. I want to thank him for his  leadership on this issue and carrying this forward to the Federal level  so more areas can benefit from it.   Supporting our veterans is a bipartisan issue we can all get behind.  There is no room to debate this issue, only room for action to help our  American heroes.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring H.R.  1476, and I urge this body to move efficiently to provide more mental  health and brain injury resources to hundreds of thousands of veterans  across the Nation who desperately need it. I am grateful for this  opportunity.   