 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 297,  the bill that I have co-introduced with my colleague from Hawaii,  Representative Kaiali'i Kahele.   As Mr. Soto and the ranking member have noted, this legislation would  require the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the State of  Hawaii, to conduct a study to identify lands in the State of Hawaii  that merit inclusion in the National Forest System. This would be the  first step in potentially establishing a national forest in one of the  few parts of our country with no such system.   As my friend and colleague, Mr. Soto, has noted, Hawaii is the most  isolated island chain and one of the most ecologically diverse places  in our world. Within our borders, we have 10 of the 13 world climate  zones, ecosystems that range from the deserts to the tropics, where  plants and animals that found their way to Hawaii evolved like nowhere  else.   A 2014 survey identified 9,975 endemic species in Hawaii, many of  which are reliant on Hawaii's fragile ecosystem, including our forests,  to survive. However, since the onset of human arrival just centuries  ago, Hawaii has lost almost half of its unique native forest cover and  countless fauna and flora species.   Despite these threats to our unique biodiversity, Hawaii remains one  of eight States that does not have a national forest or grassland. The  study authorized by the bill would take steps to correct this  oversight. It would consider how a Hawaii national forest could  contribute to the conservation of this biodiversity not found elsewhere  in our National Forest System while supporting the research mission of  the Institute of Pacific Islands Forestry.   It would help inventory where Hawaii's native koa, ohi'a, and  sandalwood forests can be conserved and expanded for cultural and  commercial practices. It would help identify where cultural sites could  be better conserved and access expanded to the public and  practitioners. And it would help provide the basis to bring together  local stakeholders to advance the conservation of how to responsibly  establish a national forest in Hawaii in a manner that will benefit  both our island communities and the National Forest Service.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues in the Hawaii congressional  delegation for their support. I thank the Committee on Natural  Resources and Subcommittee on National Parks, Forests, and Public Lands  chairs, ranking members, members, and staff for their support and  assistance in bringing this bill to the floor.  [[Page H2219]]    I take my ranking member's comments to heart. I certainly hope that  this study will not only evaluate and investigate how we can create a  national forest in Hawaii but how we can make that a model for how  national forests can and should be administered throughout our country.  I endorse his concerns as to the administration of our national forests  and, certainly, would look forward to working with him in our  subcommittee and committee.   As we continue to identify solutions to our climate and biodiversity  crises, I hope we can all see the value in taking this step toward  protecting our unique forest resources and their native species, along  with providing important opportunities.   