 Madam President, this Saturday will mark 1 year since  Congress passed our first response to the COVID-19 virus.   That legislation, you will recall, received overwhelming support. It  passed by a vote of 96 to 1 here in the Senate and 415 to 2 in the  House, and we know that it was not just a one-off. Each of the five  pandemic relief bills that were  [[Page S1009]]  signed into law last year received overwhelming bipartisan support.   That is not to say that everybody was in perfect agreement about the  size and shape of the bills. We had more than our fair share of  disagreements along the way, but both sides of the aisle understood the  most pressing challenges facing our country and the types of support  that were needed to sustain that fight both when it came to public  health and when it came to the economic fallout and recession that  resulted: resources for hospitals and healthcare workers, support for  the hardest hit families, assistance for small businesses, and, of  course, the development, manufacturing, and distribution of vaccines.  Not only did we agree on what should be in the bills, but we, actually,  also agreed on what should not be in the bills.   We were all guided, I believe, by an understanding that the focus  should remain on COVID-19 and that pandemic relief bills were no place  to inject unrelated or partisan preferences, but now that our  Democratic friends control the House and the Senate and the White  House, they have tossed that principle in the trash.   The Democrats have drafted their so-called COVID-19 relief bill  without the input, the ideas, or the support of a single Republican.  Now, that is not because folks on this side of the aisle were  unwilling. As I remember, there were 10 Republican Senators who met  with President Biden at the White House and offered a $600 billion  alternative that would enjoy broad bipartisan support. This partisan  legislation was a choice, not a necessity--a choice, a conscious  choice.   Last year, the House majority whip referred to this crisis as a  ``tremendous opportunity to restructure things to fit our vision.''  That was Mr. Clyburn. The Democrats knew that a bipartisan bill would  limit the scope of discussions of policies that were actually relevant  to the pandemic. So, rather than maintain that relevance to the  pandemic, they chose to go it alone. This opportunity to restructure,  as Mr. Clyburn said, has been months in the making, and now that the  Democrats have the numbers they need to make the law without having the  support of anybody but their own party, they have tacked on an entire  liberal wish list and tried to call it COVID-19 relief, but nobody  believes it or should believe it.   You see, these are some of the things that are in the so-called  COVID-19 relief bill of $1.9 trillion when hundreds of billions of  dollars of money that we appropriated just in December haven't even  been spent yet. Here is what is in the Trojan horse, otherwise known as  the Democrats' COVID-19 relief bill: funding for climate justice. At a  time when many Americans are asking ``When can I get the vaccine?'' and  ``How long until my children can safely return to school?'' our  Democratic colleagues are pushing funding to support President Biden's  unilateral climate Executive orders.   And then there is the funding--the backdoor funding--for Planned  Parenthood. It is responsible for the most abortions of any other  organization in America. Now, that is a personal choice for people to  make, but asking taxpayers to fund Planned Parenthood so it can perform  more abortions is simply irrelevant to COVID-19 relief. It is  exploiting another emergency for special interest purposes.   This bill expands the criteria for the Paycheck Protection Program,  one of the most successful parts of the CARES Act that we passed last  March. It was designed specifically to keep small businesses afloat,  but now Planned Parenthood can take advantage of the funding--something  they were precluding from doing under bipartisan agreement previously.   There is another big political ally for our Democratic friends that  would be newly eligible for these small business loans--the labor  unions. So now labor unions can apply for and receive money that was  otherwise previously directed toward mom-and-pop businesses so they  could keep their doors open, so they could keep their employees on the  payroll. But now it includes labor unions.   Many of the labor unions' pension plans in particular have been in  dire financial straits for years, long before COVID-19 even existed. Up  until now, our Democratic colleagues have not been able to find a way  to bail out these mismanaged pension funds. As you can imagine, using  taxpayer dollars to cover the mistakes of union bosses is incredibly  unpopular, and that is because it is wrong. But the authors of this  bill have found a couple of workarounds which they have tucked into  this so-called pandemic relief bill.   In addition to making labor unions eligible for the paycheck  protection loans, the COVID-19 relief bill also creates a taxpayer fund  to bail out underfunded union pension funds. That is not to help the  public generally; that is to help labor union members, which is  certainly their issue. I understand why it is important, but I don't  understand why my taxpayers in Texas should have to bail out  underfunded labor pension funds in other States. Union bosses who have  mismanaged these funds and made bad choices will be rewarded with a  taxpayer-funded check.   While there is a range of provisions to line the pockets of our  friends on the other side of the aisle across the country, the authors  of this bill also tried to sneak in more localized fixes, two of which  have already been dropped from this bill.   In one of the most audacious examples of tone-deaf Washington  politics, one of these was an underground rail system in the Speaker's  home State of California--an underground rail system. That has nothing  to do with COVID-19.   The Bay Area Rapid Transit expansion has been in the works for years,  and Californians have raised concerns over the rising cost. In 2018, it  was projected to cost nearly $4.7 billion, and that estimate has  already jumped to $6.9 billion from $4.7 billion.   Despite the fact that this rail system has absolutely nothing to do  with the pandemic and would serve only the people of one of the  wealthiest areas in the country, our Democratic friends provided more  than $100 million for this project in their so-called COVID-19 relief  bill. Well, fortunately, not any thanks to our Democratic friends who  wrote the bill, this completely unrelated project has now been removed  from the bill because it violates Senate rules. You are not supposed to  be able to appropriate money and authorize transportation projects in a  budget reconciliation bill. That is why it is gone, not because our  Democratic friends were embarrassed or had second thoughts after it was  pointed out to them the hypocrisy of including that in the bill but  because it violates the Senate rules.   Another portion of the bill would have provided money for a bridge  from New York to Canada. Let me think for a minute which Senator would  have stuck money for a bridge from New York to Canada in the bill.  Well, there are two Senators, one of whom is the majority leader from  the State of New York. Well, that has now been struck by our colleagues  because it received so much blowback. It was such an embarrassing,  irresponsible money grab that it is no longer in the bill.   Well, we will see if this trend continues and more of the completely  unrelated partisan projects are eliminated because the long list of  unnecessary spending does not end there.   This legislation also establishes a bureaucrat bailout, an exclusive  paid leave fund just for Federal employees. If their kids aren't in  school full time because of the pandemic, these employees could take  home up to $1,400 a week in paid leave. That is roughly equivalent to  $70,000 a year, all to stay home and not work. And these benefits would  last for months. Federal employees could take home up to 600 hours of  paid leave until September 30 even though President Biden said every  adult who wants to get vaccinated will be vaccinated by the end of May.  This benefit, this ridiculous money grab, would last until the end of  September, long after people had gained antibodies and immunity from  COVID-19 as a result of having been vaccinated.   Across the country, only about 35 percent of school districts have  returned to fully in-person instruction. If the parents of children at  the other 65 percent of school districts happen to work for the Federal  Government, they can claim these benefits. Even if a school offers in- person instruction but maintains the option to learn virtually, the  parent can still get paid to stay home and not perform any work. Well,  parents in my State who don't work for the Federal Government  [[Page S1010]]  aren't receiving these same benefits. This is clearly cherry-picking to  benefit Federal employees, to pay them not to work.   I respect the work that Federal employees do. I respect the work that  all government employees do. But to give them preferential treatment in  the midst of this pandemic by paying them not to work and using tax  dollars from other States and other places that don't enjoy that  benefit is simply grossly unfair.    Over the last year, countless numbers of parents have balanced the  impossible: work and remote learning for their children. It has been  hard. I understand that. Many parents turned their kitchen tables into  makeshift offices and classroom spaces until their children were able  to physically return to school. Today, less than 7 percent of the  school districts in Texas are fully remote. Seven percent are fully  remote, and two-thirds are fully in-person in my State. They have found  a way to safely return to the classroom. There is no reason why the  Texans who have made that tough juggling act, working and learning  remotely, should now have to pay Federal employees who have not had to  make that tough choice.   It is simply false advertising to call this a COVID-19 relief bill.  It is deceptive and outrageously so. Only $160 billion dollars--8  percent of the total cost--is directly related to combating COVID-19.  Eight percent. The rest of the bill, as I have tried to point out, is a  variety of--it is a grab bag, really, of partisan priorities, wasteful  spending, and counterproductive policy.   What is worse, this restructuring, according to Mr. Clyburn's  language, to fit the vision of the Democratic Party will cost taxpayers  nearly $2 trillion. That is on top of the $4 trillion we already spent  last year. Two trillion more.   Well, somebody is going to have to pay that money back, and I fear it  will not be us because we will be long gone. It will be our children  and grandchildren, and at this rate of reckless spending, our great- grandchildren will have to be the ones to pay the money back.   This bill is not the answer to the real challenges that face our  country posed by the pandemic. We have shown our willingness to work  together in a bipartisan way to enthusiastically support the need to  provide real relief both from the public health consequences and the  economic fallout associated with the virus, but this bill doesn't even  attempt to do that.   Fortunately, as a result of the work we did last year, including last  December--and by the way, only about 20 percent of the money that we  appropriated just a few weeks ago--actually, a couple of months ago in  December--has actually been spent. Only about 20 percent has been  spent, and here we are being asked to appropriate $1.9 trillion more.   But the good news is, the money we spent last year is having real  results. The money we invested in treatments and research and  development of vaccines and now the distribution of vaccines--it is  actually making a real difference. We are vaccinating roughly 3 million  people a day in America. More than 70 million people have had shots in  arms, and we are doing our best to try to get it in people's arms as  fast as we safely can. President Biden said we will get that job done  by the end of May. That is wonderful news.   The other wonderful news is that unemployment rates are going down  and State revenue is going back up. School districts across the country  have safely resumed in-person learning. One in five adults in America  has now received a dose of the vaccine, and a third vaccine has now  been approved, so that number will climb faster and faster and faster.   Every day we are moving closer to the light at the end of the tunnel,  and now is not the time to squander the good will and trust that the  American people have had in us to be good stewards of the public health  and our economy by engaging in this sort of embarrassing partisan  exercise.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   