 Mr. President, I rise in support of the brave, hard- working men and women who serve as law enforcement officers in our  communities across the Nation. Men and women in law enforcement risk  life and limb every day to protect public safety and preserve the rule  of law. They truly are American heroes.   In recognition of their remarkable service and sacrifice, I am  reintroducing the Protect and Serve Act. I hope every Senator agrees we  must do everything we can to support the men and women in blue. I also  call on my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. It is my  hope that this legislation will unite us on a bipartisan basis to  support those heroes who keep us safe.   I can think of no better example of why we need this legislation than  the events of January 6, right here in this Chamber and across the  Capitol. While a ruthless, anarchist mob sought to disrupt and destroy  our democracy, Capitol Police officers bravely kept us safe from harm  while they were being viciously attacked by the violent mob. Many of my  colleagues saw this firsthand while they were getting us into a safe  position as the events unfolded that day.   Because this attack occurred in DC, though, there are only limited  laws in place to prosecute those who would assault a law enforcement  officer. Under current law, a criminal who assaults a law enforcement  officer with a deadly weapon or who inflicts bodily injury could  receive anywhere from a fine to 20 years in prison. Under the Protect  and Serve Act, these violent criminals will receive an additional 10  years in prison if they assault an officer, and if they murder or  kidnap a law enforcement officer, they could be given life sentences.   This would apply not only to Federal law enforcement and Federal  properties, but it could also be used to prosecute criminals at the  State and local levels who target law enforcement officers. This  Federal law would ensure  [[Page S1603]]  that prosecutors have every tool available to punish those who attack  the men and women in blue.   Nationwide in 2020, 47 law enforcement officers were killed in the  line of duty, and over 300 were shot. Three of those murdered officers  were right in my home State of North Carolina. So far in 2021, 14  officers have been killed in the line of duty, and over 50 have been  shot. Countless others have been assaulted.   The year 2020 saw the rise of radical ideas like abolishing the  police, which fueled distrust and disdain for our brave men and women  in blue. Even while Americans of all views are calling for transparency  and accountability, the ideas of abolishing and defunding the police  only serve to deepen the divide in our country and our communities.   It is sad that Congress even needs to consider a bill to protect law  enforcement officers. The heated rhetoric and the violent attacks on  officers are having real world impacts beyond just the safety of our  law enforcement community. Across the country, recruitments are down  and retirements are up. We have cities having to increase funding for  recruiting and finding people that will replace those who have left the  profession or retired early. This is sad, but it is not surprising. Law  enforcement officers put their lives at risk every single day. They  leave their spouses and families every morning, and they don't know if  they are going to come back.   In 2018, before the antipolice rhetoric took hold, the House passed  the legislation by an overwhelming vote of 382 to 35--the bill that I  am reintroducing--including 220 Republicans and 162 Democrats. On the  floor, every current Member of the House Democratic leadership voted in  favor of this legislation, including Speaker Pelosi.   This has been bipartisan legislation, and it should be bipartisan  legislation today, which is why I call on all of my colleagues--Members  of the Republican caucus and the Democratic caucus--to join us in  support of this commonsense and needed legislation.   Congress must pass the Protect and Serve Act right away and boldly  say that there is no escape from justice for dangerous criminals who  intentionally assault and kill our hard-working, dedicated law  enforcement officers.   I urge the American people: Call your Senators. Ask them to support  the measure. Tell them that you want this bill passed and our law  enforcement officers protected. Don't be silent. Help me fight for the  men and women in blue, because they are counting on us. And along the  way, when you see a law enforcement officer, thank them for their  service and let them know Members of Congress are fighting for them.   