 Mr. Speaker, a bill trampling on the Second Amendment  rights of the American people is a convenient distraction from the  actual crisis in the United States. There are over almost 11,000 people  killed by drunk drivers each year. There were more than 81,000 drug  overdose deaths in the United States in the 12 months ending last May.  But we are here today debating a bill to further restrict the rights of  law-abiding citizens.   I just heard it mentioned about domestic violence. You could have a  woman, threatened by an ex-boyfriend or a husband, who feels her life  is being threatened, who would not be able to acquire a firearm once  she needed it. She would have to wait at least 10 days.   The vast majority of illicit drugs, like heroin and fentanyl, leading  to these 81,000 deaths are crossing our southern border. Instead of  addressing these issues, President Biden has reinstituted catch and  release, and now, we have an overwhelming surge of illegal crossings on  our southern border.   According to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, in 2018  alone, there were 1,641 illegal aliens convicted of homicide. How many  more will it be now that the Democrats have signaled that our borders  are wide open?   This bill reflects an obsession with gun restrictions by my Democrat  colleagues. Meanwhile, in 2018, more than one in six homicides were  committed without a firearm of any type: 1,500 were killed with knives  or cutting instruments, more than 400 with blunt instruments, and more  than 600 with hands and feet. Only 403 died as a result of a rifle of  any kind.   Mr. Speaker, these numbers are dwarfed by the loss of life from the  failure of the Democrats to enforce their laws.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this Amendment and  to the underlying legislation which is another attack on our 2nd  amendment rights. This bill trampling on the 2nd Amendment rights of  the American people is a convenient distraction from the other actual  crises in the United States.   There were almost 11,000 people killed by drunk drivers in 2018.  There were more than 81,000 drug overdose deaths in the United States  in the 12 months ending last May . . . but we are here today debating a  bill to further restrict the rights of law-abiding citizens.   This bill endangers women threatened by domestic violence from an ex- boyfriend or ex-husband. A woman who feels her life is threatened would  not be able to acquire a firearm when she needed one, under this bill  she would have to wait at least 10 days.   The vast majority of the most deadly illicit drugs like heroin and  fentanyl are smuggled across our southern border. Instead of addressing  these issues President Biden has reinstituted catch and release and we  now have an overwhelming surge of illegals crossing our southern  border. According to a report from the Immigration and Customs  Enforcement Agency, in 2018 there were 1,641 illegal aliens convicted  of homicide. How many more will it be now that the Democrats have  signaled that our borders are wide open?   Yet we are here debating a bill to take away the rights of law- abiding men and women to acquire firearms to protect themselves.   This bill reflects an obsession with gun restrictions by my Democrat  colleagues. In terms of homicides, more than 1 in 6 do not involve a  firearm of any type. According to the FBI, in 2017 over 1,500 people  were killed with knives or cutting instruments, more than 400 were  killed with blunt instruments and more than 600 killed with hands,  fists and feet. There were only 403 homicides committed with a rifle of  any type, including a semi-automatic AR-15 that is the target of many  Democrat anti-gun activists.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and the underlying  bill.   