 Mr. Speaker, Congressman Kind talked about the deer  camps and the stories. I remember the very first time at 16 years old  when my father brought me up to the hunting shack with my uncles. It is  a special time for those of us who recreate and deer hunt. I am proud  to cosponsor this legislation with him, and I thank him and others for  their work.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation I proudly  cosponsored, the Chronic Wasting Disease Research and Management Act.  CWD threatens Minnesota's legendary whitetail deer herd and, therefore,  our hunting way of life up North.   Whitetail season is an annual tradition for hundreds of thousands of  Minnesotans. Every year, we meet at our respective deer camps,  reconnecting with family and old friends. We retell stories from  previous years, and maybe embellishing a little bit, as we pass on the  traditions and culture to our children.   However, deer harvests were down 8 percent throughout Minnesota this  last year due to a myriad of issues. And if deer harvests keep trending  downwards, it means fewer stories to share at camp around the fire,  fewer deer for new hunters and kids to see and experience. Therefore,  our hunting traditions trending down directly correlated with those  harvest numbers. And in Minnesota, this trend will only be exasperated  by further spread of CWD.   In my district we have CWD hotspots cropping up seemingly every other  week. Whether it be in Brainerd, the Bemidji area, or in other corners  of the State, these troublesome reports are evidence of CWD creeping  across our hunting lands. And that is why this legislation is so  important right now. This CWD Research and Management Act authorizes  needed funding for State agencies doing crucial on-the-ground work,  like our DNR.   Funding from this bill will help drive the research and testing  needed to wrap our arms around the problem by letting the experts get  in the field and the laboratory. It will also empower our State fish  and game industries to partner with grassroots organizations that can  reach and educate hunters across the State.   The Minnesota Deer Hunters Association has a statewide reach with a  finger on the pulse of their membership. Helping the DNR help them is a  true partnership that is necessary to combat the spread of CWD.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge passage of this legislation in both  the House and the Senate, and I look forward to it becoming law.   