 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, let me  say I think I agree with 98, 99 percent of what I just heard from my  colleagues.   In the 11 years I have been in the Senate, I have lost track of how  many rape crisis centers and how many child advocacy centers I have  visited. They have expanded the number, fortunately, because they have  gotten additional resources from Congress. They do some of the most  important work I know of--incredibly painful work--in helping a child  through an appalling, traumatic experience when there is a law  enforcement need to get information that can further traumatize a  child. I mean, the work these folks do is amazing, it is essential, and  the Senator from Alaska is exactly right in that there is a real need  here.   The good news is that there is a real, very clear, and easy path  forward here. The legislation that the Senator from Illinois is  proposing creates a new source of money for the Crime Victims Fund. It  is a new category, it is substantial, and it is going to be new  resources for the advocates for crime victims to better be able to  continue to do their very, very important work, and I fully support  that.   So where do we disagree? Here is where we disagree: The legislation  does require a lot of money--new money--to go into the Crime Victims  Fund. The Senator from Illinois is exactly correct in that it is not  taxpayer money; it is money from the settlements for criminal and civil  penalties. I fully support that. What their legislation doesn't do,  however, is require a dime of that money to actually get to the  advocates of crime. It is very nice to put a lot of money into an  account that has a name on it that is the Crime Victims Fund. That is  very nice, and I support that, but I would like to take one more step  and make sure the money actually gets to the victims of crime and their  advocates.   Now, there is a little bit of budgetary information that explains  why, if we don't adopt my approach here, this money will not get to the  victims of crime and their advocates. You see, the appropriations  process, the spending process around here, always operates under some  limit. It could be a statutory limit or a limit passed by a budget  resolution, but there is a limit. There is no limit as to how much  people want to spend around here, but there is a limit as to how much  they actually can.   We have a very perverse budgetary rule, and that rule says that, in  any given year, if there is money in this Crime Victims Fund--mind you,  not tax dollars, but if there is money in it--and Congress doesn't give  it to the crime victims as it is supposed to, you can pretend that it  is a savings, and it allows you to spend more than you would otherwise  be able to spend on any number of other things, on anything--tanks,  buildings, roads, whatever. That is the dynamic. That is what happens  here. It actually creates an incentive, however perverse this is, for  Congress not to allocate this money to the victims of crime and to  their advocates. By not doing so, they get to claim a savings which  isn't real--but that is the way the budget rules work--and spend that  money elsewhere.   Now, you might say: Well, who would do a thing like that? Oh. Ha.  Well, it used to happen all the time. In 2014, there was $9 billion  available in the Crime Victims Fund, but in order to spend more money  elsewhere, less than $1 billion was actually allocated to victims of  crime and their advocates, so they got $8 billion of difference that  they could spend on whatever else they wanted, and they did. In 2013,  it was the same story.   This was going on routinely until 2015 when I and some of my  colleagues said: Wait a minute. This isn't right. This money is  supposed to be going to crime victims, and it is not.   That is the first and most objectionable problem. It is also  dishonest because there is no savings of taxpayer money here; this is  just not giving crime victims the money from criminals that they are  supposed to get. It is outrageous   For a while, we got some cooperation, and they did less of this. In  other words, more of the money that was supposed to go to crime victims  for a while did, in fact, go there. But I am very concerned--and I have  been concerned since 2015--that, at any point in time, we will go back  to this process. So I introduced legislation called the Fairness for  Crime Victims Act. I introduced it in 2015. What it does is it just  requires that the money going into the fund actually go to the victims  of crime and their advocates, and there are various mechanisms for  doing it. The bill was reported out of the Senate Budget Committee in  2015, and it was unanimously adopted by the Bipartisan Budget Act of  2019.   I have been working as closely as I can with the appropriators to  address this so that we will actually send to crime victims the money  that is supposed to go to them. Since 2000, over $82 billion of money  has not been allocated to crime victims, as it should have been,  precisely because of this mechanism.   Some might say: Well, hasn't it gotten better? Yes. The answer is  that it has. But how do I know it is going to get worse? How do I know  we are going to go right back to this? I will tell you  [[Page S4607]]  how I know. All I have to do is read the President's budget.   President Biden's budget, if you look at table S-8, explicitly calls  for withholding money from victims of crime and advocates for those  victims from the Crime Victims Fund and also the Children's Health  Insurance Program so as to spend more money in other areas. It is right  here: ``changes in mandatory program offsets: $26 billion.'' It says  the limitation enacted will come from the Crime Victims Fund program  and cancelations in the Children's Health Insurance Program. This is  not like wild speculation; this is President Biden's budget, saying:  Oh, here is what I want to spend, and part of how I will spend it--part  of how we will get there--is by withholding money that should be going  to victims of crime.   So I am fully in support of this new allocation of money into the  account, but money in the account doesn't solve the problem. We need  one more step, that is all--the step that says we are actually going to  send it to victims of crime instead of whatever spending people in this  town decide they prefer. That is what this is about. That is what the  difference is.   We have developed a process. We have worked with people on both sides  of the aisle, and we have passed legislation in committee to do it. We  want to simply require the money that is meant for victims of crime and  their advocates to get to them, and we are being told it won't all get  to them under the status quo.   There is a simple solution here. There is a simple path forward. I  think there is a genuine, sincere agreement, among everybody who has  spoken, about the need for this service. All I am asking is that we  actually have a mechanism to get them the money rather than to do what  we all know is coming: Pretend they are going to get all of this money  when, in fact, it is going to be diverted to other purposes.   Therefore, I ask that the Senator modify his request to include my  amendment, which is at the desk; that it be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I will  just say briefly that, clearly and certainly, this is not a  scorekeeping debate, and this is not about budgets. This is about  whether victims of crime and their advocates will actually get the  money that we say they are going to get. It is not about what could be;  it is about what has been. This money was routinely raided for other  purposes until we brought a stop to it recently, and it is about what  will be because the Biden administration is telling us it intends to do  this.   In order to ensure that crime victims and their advocates actually  get the money that we say they are going to get, I object.   