 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose this amendment.   There are several different ways to look at this amendment. The  budget that we got from the President was before our problems in  Afghanistan. We asked him for $25 billion to replace $80 to $85 billion  we left on the ground for the Taliban to fight back at us. So I ask  that we keep an open mind on replacing that equipment, if nothing else.   It is critical to pass this bill which includes a bipartisan  increase--I repeat, bipartisan.   How many times do you hear that word, Mr. Speaker?   I have been here for 9 months, and I can probably count that on one  hand.   The bill includes a bipartisan increase in spending to counter  threats and project U.S. strength around the world.   This amendment would limit readiness and the needed capabilities to  counter these threats. Passage of this amendment would basically  shortchange our military at a time when they need our support more than  ever.   I am proud to have worked on this bill with my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to ensure that our military is fully funded so our  men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect and  defend the United States of America.   Folks in my district in south Alabama work hard every day to support  the military readiness of this country. Unlike President Biden and his  allies in Congress, Alabamians understand how important it is to fully  fund our military.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support our Armed Forces and  oppose this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my opposition to H.R.  3755, the abortion on demand act.   This bill would make permanent a law to allow abortion providers to  perform an abortion for any reason at any point in a pregnancy.   It would also make permanent law a woman's ability to get an abortion  for any reason and at any point in the pregnancy. This is in direct  violation of countless State and Federal pro-life laws.   By passing this law, pro-abortion radicals would eliminate even the  most basic protection for unborn children at any stage in their  development.   It is extremely discouraging to see the absolute lack of care for  human life and basic human dignity. Life is a precious gift from God,  and every human is made in God's image. Every person, especially  children, should have the inherent dignity in the right to life.   We have a fundamental duty as a society to fight for life and to  ensure that the most vulnerable among us are protected. I am proud to  be 100 percent pro-life, and I will continue fighting any efforts by  this body to take away the rights of the unprotected, unborn, and  newborn children.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides to reject this  abortion on demand act and join me for the fight.   