 Mr. Vice President, in March of 1861, a Springfield  lawyer caught a train to Washington. His name was Abraham Lincoln. It  wasn't his first trip there. He served as Congressman 15 years before  and returned in the beginning of the Civil War to serve as President.   It was a different place than he knew as a Congressman. In 15 years,  it had changed a lot. The Sprigg's boarding house across the street,  which is now the Library of Congress, was gone. And this building was  changing--big changes. They were building a dome on the Capitol. But  they were also in the earliest days of war, and President Lincoln was  counseled: Stop building the dome. It costs too much money. We can't  spend any more time on it.   And he said: No. We are going to build that dome, and we are going to  finish it. That dome and this building will be a symbol of this country  that will survive this Civil War and come back strong.   So they built the dome. They won the war. And since those days, that  dome and this building have been a symbol to this country, a symbol of  unity and of hope.   Tours come through here--before COVID-19--by the tens of thousands.  If you have ever noticed their tours, they are often shushed. People  are saying: Show some respect for this building.   We know this building and the Rotunda as a place where some of the  greatest American heroes of both political parties lie in state, and we  go there to honor them. We know this building because we work here. We  enact laws here that change America. We gather for State of the Union  messages from Presidents and honor the people in the gallery.   This is a special place. This is a sacred place. But this sacred  place was desecrated by a mob today, on our watch. This temple to  democracy was defiled by thugs who roamed the halls and sat in that  chair, Mr. Vice President, the one that you vacated at 2:15 this  afternoon--sat and posed for pictures, those who were roaming around in  this Chamber.   What brought this on? Did this mob spring spontaneously from America?  No. This mob was invited to come to Washington on this day, by this  President, for one reason: because he knew the electoral college vote  was going to be counted this day. He wanted this mob to disrupt the  constitutional process which we are part of. This mob was inspired by a  President who cannot accept defeat.  [[Page S23]]    If you wonder whether I am going too far in what I say, just read the  transcript with the secretary of state from Georgia and listen to this  President's wild conspiracy theories, one after the other, swatted down  by that Republican-elected official and his attorney as having no basis  in fact. This President begs, he coaxes, he even threatens that  secretary of state to find the votes he needs. In any other venue, that  would be a simple, obvious crime.   The lengths he will go to are obvious. The Texas Senator says to us:  Well, many people still agree with him, you know, when it gets down to  the bottom line. Many people have fallen for this Presidential position  that it must have been a rigged election if I lost.   Well, I would say that after--we have lost count--57 lawsuits, 62  lawsuits--I have heard so many different numbers--after 90 different  judges; after this President took his case, the best he could put  together, to the highest Court in the land across the street, where he  had personally chosen three Justices on the Supreme Court--and I say to  the Senator from Texas that he knows much more about that Court than I  do--I don't believe they let that paper that he sent up there even hit  the desk before they laughed it out of the Court. And that is the best  he had to offer--no evidence whatsoever of this rigged election and  this fraudulence.   The Senator from Texas says: We just want to create a little  commission, 10 days; we are going to audit all of the States-- particularly the ones in contention here--and find out what actually  occurred.   And it really draws its parallel to 1876, to Hayes and Tilden. Don't  forget what that commission--that so-called political compromise-- achieved. It was not just some ordinary governmental commission. It was  a commission that killed reconstruction, that established Jim Crow,  that--even after a civil war, which tore this Nation apart, it re- enslaved African-Americans, and it was a commission that invited voter  suppression we are still fighting today in America.    Let me close by saying this. The vote we are going to have here is a  clear choice of whether we are going to feed the beast of ignorance or  we are going to tell the truth to the American people. We saw that  beast today roaming the halls. Let's not invite it back.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   