 Madam President, in a moment I will propound a unanimous  consent request. Before I do, I want to make some brief remarks.   Right now, gas stations all over the eastern seaboard are suffering  from a week-long gas shortage that has left thousands of stations  completely out of gas. What we have seen is reminiscent of the 1970s,  when Americans had to sit in long lines to fill their cars with gas.   Why are we experiencing this crisis? Because Russian hackers attacked  the Colonial Pipeline, which had to shut down operations on May 7.   What is the reward Russia gets for attacking our infrastructure?  Well, on the topic of Russia, just yesterday, President Biden doubled  down on what is becoming a consistent ``soft on Russia'' position from  the Biden administration, making the decision to disregard bipartisan  legislation that passed through this body seeking to shut down the Nord  Stream 2 pipeline that Putin is desperately trying to complete between  Russia and Germany.   That pipeline had been shut down. We had succeeded in a bipartisan  victory, stopping that pipeline, but, sadly, Putin resumed building the  pipeline shortly after Joe Biden was elected. Yesterday, President  Biden made the decision to refuse to enforce the bipartisan sanctions  on the company building the pipeline for Putin.   If that wasn't enough, it is clear the Biden administration does know  how to shut down pipelines--the Keystone Pipeline. His first day in  office, Joe Biden signed an Executive order shutting down the Keystone  Pipeline, destroying 11,000 jobs, including 8,000 union jobs--all  destroyed by the Biden-Harris administration. For whatever reason, the  Biden-Harris administration seems to have a philosophy that American  pipelines and American jobs are bad, but Russian pipelines and Russian  jobs are apparently good. And Russian hackers should get rewarded with  Putin getting billions of dollars because Joe Biden refuses to stand up  to Putin.   On the impact here at home of the Russian hacking, Colonial Pipeline  transports 100 million gallons of fuel all over the east coast every  day. It is responsible for transporting 45 percent of the fuel on the  east coast, running from Texas to New Jersey.   The Colonial Pipeline is a critical piece of infrastructure, and when  it shut down, it gravely disrupted the daily lives of millions of  Americans--fuel for cars, for aviation fuel, for heating homes, all  completely shut down. I am standing here today because one thing this  crisis has shown us is that we need to diversify how we transport  energy in this country so that if our critical infrastructure is  attacked again--and we know it is going to be attacked again--that we  have other reliable ways to transport energy.   One way to strengthen redundancy and to strengthen our ability to  make it through another attack is to allow liquefied natural gas, or  LNG, to be transported by rail.   Last year, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Administration  finalized a rule allowing the safe transportation of LNG by rail. What  this rule does is enable natural gas that is used for transportation,  that is used for generating electricity, for heating homes, for  manufacturing, to be transported by railroad, which helps Americans in  hard-to-reach areas access the fuel that they need. It also takes  pressure off of other critical infrastructure to meet our energy needs.    Yet, now that Joe Biden is President and he has empowered officials  in his administration who have a repeated and demonstrated hostility to  American pipelines and American jobs and American energy independence,  this rule is in jeopardy. When the Secretary of Transportation was  before the Senate for confirmation, I repeatedly asked the Secretary to  commit to maintaining the existing rule of allowing the safe transport  of LNG by rail, and, repeatedly, the Secretary refused to make that  commitment. The foolishness of that position is now evident  [[Page S2765]]  to everyone as we have gas lines and skyrocketing gas prices on the  east coast and throughout the country.   Therefore, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration of S. 1012 and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, as the Senator from Massachusetts knows,  there is an existing rule that went through the ordinary process in  finalizing the rule--the ordinary notice and comment process--that has  been promulgated by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety  Administration.   The Senator from Massachusetts also knows the reality that accidents  by rail are very rare. While we surely don't want to see any accidents  occur or have disruptions in transporting LNG by rail, what we have  seen by the cyber attack on the Colonial Pipeline is that nothing is  certain. There are risks to everything, but by taking precautions and  diversifying our transportation methods for fuel, we make our energy  industry more resilient to attacks and accidents when they,  predictably, do happen in the future.   Furthermore, LNG is already transported by vessels and tanker trucks  and has been for decades. Obviously, accidents can happen at sea or  with tanker trucks, but that doesn't stop us from transporting LNG in  those ways. Accidents on railroads are rare, and if we can transport  LNG by sea and in tanker trucks on the road, we should also be able to  transport it by rail, where it is safer and more efficient and more  effective.   Lastly, to cope with the shutdown, the Department of Transportation  granted waivers for hours-of-service requirements to truckdrivers and  Jones Act waivers for vessels to continue to transport fuel to try to  alleviate the shortage. That just underscores the need for LNG by rail  as well.   Unfortunately, as Americans are standing in gas lines, the answer  they are being given by Washington Democrats is, the challenges you are  facing don't matter to the Democrats. What we have seen from this  objection is that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris support higher gas  prices--much higher gas prices that you will have to pay at the pumps.  They understand that much higher gas prices fall disproportionately on  low-income Americans and that they fall disproportionately on African  Americans and Hispanics. The Biden-Harris Democrats are willing to jack  up your gas prices, to make you wait in line, and to say, essentially,  ``tough luck.'' They have no answers, but they are going to block  getting energy for your home, for your vehicle, for your life, for your  family.   As we stand here today with a crisis at our southern border, as we  stand here today with a gas crisis and gas lines, as we stand here  today with an inflation crisis on the verge of erupting, and as we  stand here today with war in the Middle East, sadly, we are seeing a  reprise of the 1970s--the same failed policies producing the same  disastrous results--except, in the rerun, Joe Biden is Jimmy Carter 2.0  and Kamala Harris is Walter Mondale. The country, sadly, is paying the  price for the extreme and failed policies, and we are just 4 months  into it.   I yield the floor   