 Madam President, last Friday, I joined Governor Abbott,  fellow Members of the Texas congressional delegation, and several State  and local leaders and joined President Biden on his first trip to Texas  since taking office on January 20. We only wish it could have come  under better circumstances.   Texans, of course, are still reeling from the deadly winter freeze  that crippled our critical infrastructure and left millions without  power and water. Thousands of Texans are still without clean water and  under a boil instruction, and countless others are dealing with the  damage caused by burst pipes.   I truly appreciate the President and the First Lady coming to Houston  to learn more about the ongoing response and recovery efforts, and I  thank the President for answering the request of Senator Cruz, Governor  Abbott, and myself to order a national disaster declaration.   During times of crisis, Texans are always eager to lend a hand to  their neighbors, and the last couple of weeks have proved to be no  exception. I am always encouraged by those heartwarming stories of  folks helping others in ways big and small: welcoming people into their  homes, checking on their elderly neighbors, delivering hot meals to  those in need, and much more.   So I am glad the President and First Lady were able to see the  incredible work also of one of the Houston area's most reliable  friends, and that is the Houston Food Bank. For more than 40 years, the  Houston Food Bank has fought hunger in the Houston region through a  variety of programs serving Texans of all ages. When COVID-19 hit last  year, the need for that assistance skyrocketed, as you might imagine.   I was able to visit the food bank last summer to learn more about how  they have adjusted their operations to keep up with the demand, while  implementing precautions to keep their volunteers safe and healthy. So  I was glad to join the President and First Lady to learn more about the  incredible ways that the Houston Food Bank has continued to serve the  community in the wake of this winter storm.   As I have said before and, as the President reiterated on Friday in  Houston, there is no red team, there is no blue team during a time of  crisis.   FEMA officials have said that disaster response efforts work best  when they are locally executed, State managed, and federally supported,  and I agree that is the appropriate formula. This structure gives local  officials the ability to cater response efforts to their specific  communities while tapping into the range of resources available from  the State and Federal Government.   I want to assure my fellow Texans that I and the entire Texas  delegation here in Congress will continue to do everything we can to be  responsive to the needs that they have. Part of that, though, is  through rapid mobilization of resources. After Governor Abbott, as I  said, made the formal request for an emergency disaster declaration,  Senator Cruz and I sent a letter to President Biden urging him to grant  that request. And, as I said, he did so without delay.   So this formal disaster declaration has allowed our State to receive  a range of resources to respond to the crisis, including blankets,  bottled water, generators, and additional fuel. These resources were  vital to sustaining hospital operations and supporting the most  vulnerable Texans while power and water were being restored.   Senator Cruz and I also wrote to the President urging him to grant  the Governor's request for a major disaster declaration and all types  of public and individual assistance for each of Texas's 254 counties. A  major disaster declaration opens up even more Federal resources to help  communities and individuals recover in the aftermath of an emergency  like this. It can include everything from housing assistance for folks  who are unable to stay in their home due to water leakage and burst  pipes to unemployment assistance to crisis counseling.   So far, President Biden has approved the major disaster declaration  for 126 counties, and I know State and local leaders are working with  the administration to seek approval for the remaining counties.   Insurance industry leaders believe this could be the costliest  weather event in our State's history, and we have to do everything we  can to lessen the burden on Texas families.   Of course, my staff and I are in close contact with State and local  leaders who are managing and executing the response, and we are  constantly looking for ways to assist and move the recovery along.   In the aftermath of these widespread outages, of course, two  questions jump out at you: One is, What happened? And, two, how do we  prevent it from ever happening again?   We know now, at least so far, that there wasn't a single point of  failure. But where it has to do with the power, this was the result of  failures in equipment across the State that weren't properly  winterized. Natural gas lines, wind turbines, and other power equipment  froze, cutting off a huge percentage of our power generation capacity.  The remaining generators were overloaded by the sky-high demand of  these subzero temperatures, and much of Texas went through rolling  blackouts and more.   This storm claimed the lives of nearly 80 Texans. It left millions  without power and water for several days. It destroyed homes and  businesses and created a sense of fear across the State.   We need to do what we can now to ensure that Texas's critical  infrastructure will be able to withstand anything Mother Nature sends  our way. It is not just about Texas. It is really about the critical  infrastructure throughout the United States.   I am working on a measure to build grid resiliency, so we can  maintain reliable power throughout any type of extreme weather. Whether  it is a polar vortex or a heat wave or a hurricane or tornado, our  grids and energy sources across the country must be able to operate  without disruption. This should be a bipartisan priority for folks from  every corner of the United States.   In Texas, we are accustomed to our infrastructure being able to  withstand the high temperatures we are used to during the summer, but  not the rare subzero temperatures that paralyzed the State 2 weeks ago.  In other parts of the country, grids may face the opposite problem:  They are able to operate during freezing temperatures but not during a  heat wave. I am trying to work on a way to get funding to the States to  help build grid resiliency in a way that makes sense for each of those  specific needs.   Our Nation has had issues with funding grid resiliency and  modernization efforts, and this is a good opportunity to make an  investment in that infrastructure. My hope is that this will be a big  bipartisan effort, including fellow Members of the Texas delegation and  colleagues on both sides of the aisle here in the Senate. We need to do  everything we can as Americans and Senators to strengthen and modernize  our grid before it is tested again. Team Texas will do everything we  can to get our neighbors on the road to recovery and prevent us from  experiencing widespread outages in the future.   In conclusion, I want to thank everyone who has supported our State  in ways big and small over the last couple of weeks and who will no  doubt work with us in our efforts to come back stronger in the days  that lie ahead.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S918]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   