 Madam Speaker, as stated before, today marks the first  day of National Native American Heritage Month.   I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico, the chair of the  Subcommittee on Indigenous Peoples of the United States, Ranking Member  Westerman, and Ranking Member Young for putting a package together for  Congress to vote specifically on significant bipartisan pieces of  legislation that deal specifically with Indian Country. I think it is  noteworthy and symbolic, and as you see these pieces of legislation,  very much necessary. I want to extend my thanks to all of them for  that.   While it is a time to celebrate the histories and achievements of  Native Americans in this country, it is also a time for Congress to  fully recognize the trust and treaty obligations the U.S. Government  owes to Tribal governments and to indigenous people in our country.   Ensuring equity for Tribal healthcare entities is an essential part  of the Federal trust responsibility, which is the reason that I am  proud to sponsor H.R. 5221, the Urban Indian Health Confer Act.   The accessible and culturally competent healthcare services that  Indian Health Services provides to Tribal communities are critical to  ensuring their well-being.   As stated by the chairwoman, over 70 percent of American Indians and  Alaska Natives began seeking healthcare outside of Tribal jurisdictions  in our cities and nonreservation communities across this country. Urban  Indian Organizations, UIOs, were created to fill that gap.   Today, IHS supports 41 of these programs that offer vital medical  services, including dental care, mental health support, optometry  services, and social services, such as nutrition, education, and home  healthcare.   Although UIOs have been recognized as critical components of the  Tribal healthcare system, they continue to experience parity and  recognition of purpose and the attention that they deserve for the  services they provide to indigenous people and the family services they  provide to nonreservation Native people across this country.   At the Department of Health and Human Services, only IHS maintains an  obligation to confer with UIOs regarding any healthcare policy changes  that may affect urban Indian communities. This issue became glaringly  obvious during the COVID-19 pandemic, when the Department excluded UIOs  in the vaccine rollout discussions, leaving urban Indian communities  among the last to receive vaccine allocations through their local urban  Indian centers.   As a Member of Congress who represents a UIO, the Tucson Indian  Center, I am grateful for their essential work to keep Tribal  communities safe and healthy, especially as we go into a post-COVID-19  pandemic era.   H.R. 5221 will establish direct lines of communication between UIOs  and the Department of Health and Human Services so that UIOs have a  seat at the table for all relevant Tribal healthcare policy changes.   Ensuring that UIOs achieve equity at the Department is sound public  health policy and upholds the U.S. Government's Federal trust  responsibility to Indian Country. H.R. 5221 represents a much-needed  change.   Madam Speaker, I urge the quick adoption of this bipartisan  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Mexico  (Ms. Leger Fernandez) for the time and to Ranking Member Westerman.   I am proud to represent the Pascua Yaqui Tribe in Arizona's Third  District. We both call southern Arizona our home. The Yaqui people are  an integral and historic part of the fiber of southern Arizona,  reflecting our history, our cultures, and our people.   H.R. 4881, the Old Pascua Community Land Acquisition Act, will take a  30-acre parcel of land into trust for the Pascua Yaqui Tribe, the area  known locally and to the Tribe as Old Pascua community.   As the gentlewoman from New Mexico outlined in her comments, as well  as the ranking member, this was the initial focal point for the Yaqui  people as they fled persecution. While some families relocated to this  new land base, many families remained in the Pascua Village community,  known as Old Pascua.   At the time in 1921, it was an isolated area outside the community  and outside of Tucson, but things have grown out around them. I think  the Yaqui community in Tucson, Arizona, considers Old Pascua not only  the formally recognized area for the community but also a sacred site  for the Tribe.   Before receiving Federal recognition and a formal reservation south  of Tucson, many Pascua Yaqui families called Old Pascua in Tucson their  home.   Today many families still call Old Pascua home, yet they continue to  fear losing their Yaqui knowledge, culture, history, and traditions due  to the encroachment of the growing city of Tucson. Other areas of  concern for Yaqui families include the lack of ownership for sacred,  cultural, traditional, and religious grounds.   The Tribe has worked tirelessly to ensure that they take care of  their Tribal citizens. Earlier this year, as Mr. Westerman outlined,  the State of Arizona and the Tribe negotiated a  [[Page H6050]]  State compact. This compact included gaming activities in the Old  Pascua community to promote the Tribe's governmental operations,  cultural and religious activities, job creation, increased Tribal  housing, social and community services, healthcare, and educational  facilities.    The Tribe has worked tirelessly with the State of Arizona, the city  of Tucson, and the county of Pima to address their concerns, and have  entered into an intergovernmental agreement supporting the legislation  and the land transfer.   Since this agreement, the State has negotiated a compact that  reflects that agreement and approved it, and the Department of the  Interior has approved it.   H.R. 4881 is a bipartisan bill that will raise the Tribal standard of  living, improve system coordination and integration of service  delivery, and promote the ongoing transmission of Yaqui knowledge,  culture, history, and traditions for future generations.   This bill is a bipartisan bill. It merits the support of all Members,  and I would add that it is for the people in southern Arizona an  extension of a reality and a confirmation of something that already  exists.   