 Reserving the right to object, the Hyde Amendment was  passed in 1976. This amendment prohibits Federal funds from going  directly to pay for abortion. For 40-some-odd years, this has had some  effect on trying to prevent money directly going from the taxpayer to  fund abortion.   The reason for this amendment was that many people have profound  religious beliefs that their money, their taxpayer dollars, shouldn't  go to kill the unborn. This is a big deal, the Hyde Amendment.   Right now, currently, appropriations for the last 40 years have  always had Hyde Amendment protections. But now we discover, under  duress, the Small Business Administration admits that $100 million has  been given to Planned Parenthood without Hyde protections.   So this $100 million, which is essentially about one-third of what  they get every year from the Federal Government, has no Hyde  prescriptions, no Hyde restrictions, and this money can go directly to  those performing abortions. So the abortionist that does thousands of  abortions each year is getting money directly from the Federal  Government to pay his or her salary. This is a first in 40 years, and  it is not a small matter.   This is an extraordinary thing that the Federal Government, for the  first time in 40-some-odd years, is directly paying for abortions. This  shouldn't happen.   This is worth a debate, and we only discovered this because of  holding up a nominee to try to get information. The Small Business  Administration has steadfastly hidden this information, tried not to  reveal it and is slowly, little by little, giving some, which they gave  yesterday a little bit more, but they have been resisting and resisting  and resisting.   The Small Business Administration originally ruled that Planned  Parenthood was a big business--an extraordinarily big business, a  business with 16,000 people. Planned Parenthood themselves calls them  ``affiliates.'' They count their income all together. They pool their  income and put out documents saying this is how much we have all  together.   Thirty-eight of these Planned Parenthoods were sent a notice saying:  You have illegally obtained this money. You are not a small business,  and you should return it.   Supposedly, these entities then protested and appealed the process.   The Small Business Administration, after months and months and  months, still refuses to reveal the appeals process or what the  complaints were. We have not gotten those documents, although we asked  repeatedly for these documents.  [[Page S9226]]    This nomination does directly have to do with this because, whoever  is in charge of PPP, you would want someone to be an honest broker who  says: By golly, this looks suspicious. How come this information is not  being revealed to Congress? How come Congress is not allowed to see  this?   The Small Business Administration will say it is confidential. That  does not apply to Congress's oversight. That might apply to releasing  it to the public, but that doesn't apply to Congress's oversight of the  Small Business Administration.   This is an extraordinary thing that has happened--$100 million given  directly to pay for people to do abortions. It is outside the scope and  contrary to the scope of the Hyde Amendment, and it is something worth  having a significant and prolonged and protracted battle until all the  documents are revealed.   Madam President, I object.   