 Mr. President, so we are approaching a conversation  about two big issues here--one is a government shutdown, which I have  challenged this body a lot about of late to say: Why are we approaching  another government shutdown? And then, on top of that, we can't seem to  get any of the 12 appropriations bills done, which there are 12 of them  to be done by September 30, but exactly zero of them have actually gone  through committee because this body is so consumed with focusing on a  $3\1/2\ trillion new entitlement package--$3\1/2\ trillion--a straight  partisan package that would create a whirlwind of new entitlements.   To give you a perspective of how big 3\1/2\ trillion is, 3\1/2\  trillion is about the total revenue that the Federal Government brings  in in an entire year with all taxes, all fees. All everything is about  $3\1/2\ trillion. This is an additional package on top of that, of  entitlements of 3\1/2\ trillion new dollars in entitlements.   Now, if I go back to 2017, when we were trying to be able to  supercharge the economy and to be able to create more jobs, we passed  the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And in 2017, when we passed the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act, it did exactly what we wanted it to do. It simplified the Tax  Code for the vast majority of individual filers, it reduced taxes for  just about every single filer, and it increased wages across the  country. And it increased revenue coming into the Treasury because it  stimulated our economy, which created more jobs, which created more  opportunity for more people to make money. When more people make more  money, they pay more in taxes, and it comes and covers it. That is what  we did.  [[Page S6575]]    My Democratic colleagues are now proposing $2.1 trillion in tax  increases--tax increases not to cover our deficit, tax increases to  create new entitlements and to spend even more money. And the several  ways they do it are very, very painful, as I read through their  proposal.    One of those is that they are proposing to change the corporate tax  piece, which sounds so good to say: We are just going to change the  corporate tax piece so only corporations will pay this--the problem  being 1.4 million C corporations in the United States, and 84 percent  of those corporations that are out there have 20 employees or less.   So they can throw around the big corporations, and everyone thinks it  is Conoco and Apple. It is--the vast majority--small businesses  designed as C corps.   And how are they going to make them more competitive? They are going  to make those C corps more competitive by raising the tax rate for all  those corporations to make their tax rate higher than China.   Let me run that past you again. To make us more competitive globally,  they are going to make our tax rate higher than China's tax rate, while  we are trying to be able to compete with China on the world stage.   Not only that, there is a global minimum tax that is already out  there that is a small tax that is out there for every corporation. You  know who has that already? The United States does. You know how that  was created? It was created in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in 2017 to  make sure companies couldn't scam out and couldn't move their money  into other places, that they would be here. But if they decided to move  to a tax haven, it wouldn't be there. But we set it at a rate to make  us competitive.   They want to take that rate and supercharge it and make it one of the  top rates in the world.   Now, the statement from Janet Yellen is that she has already talked  to all of the other countries about this global tax, and they have  said: Yes, we are on board with a global tax. You go first.   Can I tell you something? I remember being a middle-school boy--any  male does. I remember being a middle-school boy and hanging out with my  friends and all of us were talking about doing something dumb, and it  always ended with someone saying: Let's all do it. You go first.   That is what is being proposed right now by Janet Yellen, saying:  Let's have the highest tax rate in the world, and other countries will  come and match it, and they will be competitive with us. You go first.   I can assure you, that didn't work out well as a middle-school boy;  that is not going to work out well for our companies, and it will not  work out for our economy.   There is this statement that should be ringing in the back of  everyone's head, this simple statement that was made years ago called  inversions. Do you remember that old statement when we used to talk  about corporate inversions? That was American companies being bought by  international companies and moved overseas for their headquarters. That  was a common conversation during the Obama administration, but  something happened. That term went away because in the 2017 Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act bill, that stopped, and now American companies started  buying foreign companies and moving them here, and everything shifted.   This $3.5 trillion monstrosity of new entitlements will flip that  again, and we will start hearing the word ``inversions'' because  American companies will be moved overseas. It is going to happen when  we have a really bad, uncompetitive rate.   Now, people may again say: Well, we are just going to stick it to  rich people, but everyone kind of quietly knows that prices will go up,  fewer people will get raises in those companies, and it will be less  competitive for the United States long term. Everyone knows that.   This $3\1/2\ trillion bill of new entitlements is also funded by  giving the IRS billions of additional dollars to do more enforcement  and to allow the IRS, as Janet Yellen has asked for over and over  again, to be able to track transactions of Americans of $600 or more,  either deposited in your account or out of your banking account.   I can assure you, banks all over my State in Oklahoma are already  saying: Don't make us turn in the transactions of every one of our  people to the IRS. Why does the IRS need this?   Interestingly enough, I have actually asked the Commissioner of the  IRS: Can you manage that much information?   And his answer was a very straightforward: No, we can't even manage  the information we have now, much less the amount of information that  would come at us of transactions of $600 and more.   This is the wrong direction. I could go on and on. In fact, I could  give you 3\1/2\ trillion reasons why this is the wrong direction. It is  the wrong policy. It is the wrong thing stepping out of an economy that  is damaged by COVID. It is the wrong set of policies long term for our  economy. It discourages work. And what we are facing right now in  workplaces all over the country, from small to large companies, they  are all saying the same thing: It is tough to get workers. Well, if you  think it is tough to get workers now, wait until there is $3\1/2\  trillion in new entitlements dumped into the economy and see how hard  it is to be able to hire workers then. This is the wrong direction for  our country.   I yield the floor.   