 Madam Speaker, I thank my fellow Californian for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the INVEST in America Act, a $547  billion infrastructure bill that will invest in communities across the  country.   This bold piece of legislation includes $20 million in contract  authority to fund the I-15 northern extension project in my own  community in Riverside County.   This investment will create jobs in the Inland Empire; it will meet  our basic infrastructure needs; and it will improve our freeways and  better connect our region.   The INVEST in America Act will put us on the path to finally  modernizing  [[Page H3322]]  our Nation's roads, bridges, rails, and water systems, while keeping in  mind the urgency to fight climate change.   I do not hear from my colleagues across the aisle language that  speaks to the future; I hear language instead that clings to the past.  On this side of the aisle, we speak about a transition to a cleaner,  more green future.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' and invest in our  communities.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman McGovern for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of House Resolution  503, to establish a select committee to investigate the January 6  attack on the United States Capitol.   On January 6, 2021, Americans watched as the U.S. Capitol was overrun  by a violent mob of Trump supporters on a mission to stop the  certification of the electoral college votes. Lawmakers were in this  very Chamber carrying out their constitutional duty when this mob,  incited by then-President Trump, forced them into lockdown. Many feared  for their lives. Our democratic process came to a halt, and,  unfortunately, a Capitol Police officer lost his life.   Madam Speaker, this was an attack on our democracy. We must shine a  light on the truth to prevent something like this from ever happening  again and to hold those responsible for inciting this insurrection  accountable for the damage they have caused.   For the sake of our democracy, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes''  to establish the select committee.   