 Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of  Georgia's Ninth District to bring attention to two major issues  plaguing our country as we speak, the economic crisis and the Biden  border crisis, as both will affect our country for years to come.   Inflationary pressures are crippling consumer purchasing power at  record rates, and our national debt is on the rise.   My constituents are eager to course-correct our Nation's fiscal ship  so we can guarantee that the American Dream is attainable for future  generations of Americans. Unfortunately, the Biden administration shows  no signs of curtailing its spending habits any time soon, as Democrats  are keying up a plan to shoehorn through Congress, the progressive  American Jobs and Families Plan, which combined total $4 trillion in  deficit spending.   Folks, the debt is already at $28.4 trillion. The White House has  announced a budget that will leave the American people holding a  stunning $39 trillion in debt by 2031. And what is truly scary? The  interest payments on the debt are on track to eclipse our Nation's  defense spending in just 10 years. As a military officer, that doesn't  sit well with me.   The looming debt spiral will quite literally be the death of the  American Dream as we know it if we don't act now. It is clear the Biden  administration has no regard for Americans' pocketbooks, nor does it  show any remorse for the future generations who will be left to bear  the brunt of Democrat-controlled spending.   If that wasn't enough of a crisis, it has been 84 days since Vice  President Harris was tapped as the border czar, yet she still has not  made a trip to the U.S.-Mexico border. I have traveled to the border  twice and have personally witnessed the escalation of the crisis. Why  has the Vice President not gone?   The Department of Homeland Security published shocking statistics  that paint a very clear picture of how the Biden administration  policies are creating a devastating crisis on the border. Last month,  encounters at the border exceeded 180,000. This level of apprehension  has not been seen in over 21 years and is up 675 percent when compared  to May of last year.   Dangerous human traffickers, gang members, and other criminals are  smuggling deadly drugs over the border and into our communities at an  alarming rate, refueling the opioid crisis, the very crisis former  President Trump successfully subdued.   When we look at fentanyl seizures alone, Customs and Border  Protection has already seized almost double the amount of fentanyl in  the first 8 months of fiscal year 2021 than it did in all 12 months of  fiscal year 2020.   The numbers will only continue to rise as more illicit substances  come across the border through September, especially as Biden continues  reversing Trump's successful border policies.   Enough is enough. We must put country over progressive politics, and  I look forward to standing with my Republican colleagues to do so.   