 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 130, a  resolution condemning the violations of the basic rights and freedoms  of the people of Hong Kong. As part of the 1984 Sino-British Joint  Declaration on Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China made a series  of commitments: that Hong Kong would retain a high degree of autonomy;  that its social and economic systems would remain unchanged until at  least 2047; and that the personal rights and liberties of the people of  Hong Kong would be protected by the law.   Yet we continue to see the PRC infringe on Hong Kong's sovereignty  and its people's freedoms. It has been made abundantly clear that the  People's Republic of China has no intention of keeping its promises.   Most recently, the PRC forced through the draconian but mundane- sounding Law of the People's Republic of China on Safeguarding National  Security in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. This law casts  an authoritarian net over Hong Kong and has empowered a crackdown on  vaguely worded political crimes like subversion and collusion with  foreign powers. From day one, that law has been abused, with the people  of Hong Kong arrested for such crimes as wearing stickers or T-shirts  with disagreeable slogans.   The rapid erosion of Hong Kongers' rights and freedoms is absolutely  unacceptable, and it is past time that the PRC and its puppet  government that it installed in Hong Kong be condemned in the strongest  possible terms.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  resolution to send a clear message that we in the United States will  not stand by as the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong are  stripped away.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 124, a  resolution to support the people of Belarus in their efforts against  corruption and kleptocracy.   On August 9, 2020, Belarus held a presidential election marred by  credible reports of widespread election manipulation. Not surprisingly,  the Belarusian dictator, Alyaksandr Lukashenka, who has ruled with an  iron fist for nearly three decades, commanded an authoritarian 80  percent of the vote.   Since August, Belarusians have taken to the streets peacefully to  express their desire for self-determination. Instead of heeding their  calls, the regime has responded with extreme violence, arbitrary  detention, torture, and other systematic violations of human rights.   This resolution sends a clear message that we in Congress support the  Belarusian people and their aspirations for democracy, human rights,  and the rule of law.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote from all of my colleagues.  Passage of this resolution will send a message that we in Congress  stand against the violent crackdown of the Lukashenka regime and stand  with the people of Belarus.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1392, the  Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act. Saudi Arabia is one of our  strongest partners in the Middle East. That does not mean, however,  that we should cast a blind eye to the Kingdom's most brutal human  rights violations, including the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, a U.S.  resident.   This bill, which passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee with  unanimous support, would prohibit arms sales to Saudi Arabia's security  services until the President certifies the Saudi government is not  conducting flagrant human rights violations such as torture, the  intimidation and assassination of dissidents, and the unjust  imprisonment of U.S. citizens.   America is a beacon throughout the world because of our commitment to  democratic values and our commitment to human rights. Our actions must  match our convictions. We can and should leverage our close  relationship to promote human rights in Saudi Arabia. This bill would  do exactly that--sending a message to our ally that if it continues to  engage in such actions, there will be consequences. I urge my  colleagues to support this important legislation.   