 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, my State is no stranger to severe weather.  In the past few years, we have experienced the devastation of major  hurricanes, tropical storms, and tornadoes. But last week brought  something entirely new in the form of extreme weather--winter storms,  prolonged subfreezing temperatures, and treacherous roadways across the  entire State. And unlike, for example, the State of Massachusetts,  where that may not be entirely uncommon, we are not used to that  subzero freezing weather.   Our State was not prepared, I think it is clear to say, correct to  say, for these low temperatures or the devastating impact they would  have on our critical infrastructure.   Frozen natural gas wells and wind turbines, among other issues, led  to widespread power outages, and millions of Texans were left without a  way to keep their family warm throughout the historic low temperatures.   Compounding matters even further, some 12 million Texans faced water  disruptions due to the lasting power outages and frozen or broken water  lines. Cities across the State issued boil notices, and folks whose  taps are still dry resorted to boiling snow as their only option for  drinking water or perhaps even to flush the toilets.   The weather created incredibly dangerous conditions for many across  the State, especially our most vulnerable citizens. We know of nearly  80 Texans who have died due to this extreme weather, and that number is  likely to climb in the days ahead.   These widespread outages will prompt a necessary investigation into  the high level of generation failures, as well as the overall security  and reliability of our energy grid. We have a lot of work to do to  ensure that these deadly mass outages never occur again--no matter what  Mother Nature sends our way. There is no reason for millions of people  in one of the most energy-rich places in the world to be left without  reliable power.   Senator Cruz and I sent a letter to President Biden urging him to  grant Governor Abbott's request for an emergency disaster declaration,  and I appreciate the President's quick action to ensure our State could  receive the full range of Federal resources to respond to this crisis.   I also worked with the Governor and the Department of Energy to  secure an emergency order allowing Texas power generators to increase  production, and I appreciate the fact that that, too, was quickly  approved.   In times of crisis there is no red team and no blue team, and I want  to thank every person who has supported the response to this crisis so  far, whether they are Texans or not. I know more will be needed in the  days and weeks ahead, and I want to assure the folks back home that I  am listening, I am working, and I am here to help any way that I can.  And I know that I speak for the entire Texas delegation.   I know there are still many without water and electricity, and I want  to assure them that you are the Nation's priority. But in the face of  hardship--and, as I started my remarks, we have been through a lot over  the last few years--I am always in awe of the way Texans show up and  help one another--neighbors helping neighbors. We have seen countless  inspiring stories in the past, and this disaster is no exception.   There are stories like that of Ken Everly, an 82-year-old Air Force  veteran from Grande Prairie. Mr. Everly is on hospice care. He relies  on a breathing machine to keep him alive and a special air mattress  that prevents bedsores to keep him comfortable. When his home lost  power, Mr. Everly was in serious danger of losing his life. The  breathing machine cut off, and the air mattress deflated, leaving him  struggling to breathe on an iron bed frame.   His son-in-law Nate pleaded for help on Facebook, and within hours  help arrived. Nate said: ``I don't know where it came from, but a  generator showed up.'' Thanks to the generosity of a stranger, Mr.  Everly once again had his breathing machine operating, a comfortable  mattress, and heat in his home.   The best part of that story, though, is that it is not unique. In  ways big and small, we have seen other examples of neighbors going out  of their way to help one another.   Jeep drivers in North Texas teamed up to offer free rides to and from  work for healthcare workers and first responders. Restaurants across  the State offered free food to folks without power. And countless  Texans shared offers on social media to deliver warm meals, bottles of  water, and a range of other supplies to those in need.   One of the big issues that folks back home have faced is a lack of  safe drinking water, a need Houston-area breweries stepped up to fill.  The breweries already had a supply of clean water on hand for their  brewing process, and they spread the word to their communities: Come by  with a container, and we will give you some clean water. These  breweries collectively donated thousands of gallons of clean drinking  water completely free of charge.   Across Texas, churches, schools, nonprofits, community centers, and  local organizations opened their doors as warming centers. One of those  warming centers is operated by Houston's most beloved furniture store  owner, known as ``Mattress Mack.'' Dating back to Hurricane Katrina in  2005, Mack has opened the doors of his stores to provide food and  shelter to those impacted by extreme weather. Over the last several  days, Gallery Furniture, his furniture business, has been open around  the clock for Texans to stay as long as they need, whether it is an  hour for a hot meal or for several nights.   These stories warm my heart, and they are a reminder of the strength  and generosity of Texans and an encouraging reminder of the endless  amount of goodwill that still exists in the world. The outpouring of  love exemplifies a quote that I heard some time ago  [[Page S802]]  from a Texas county commissioner after one particularly terrible  accident in West Texas. He said: ``Being a Texan doesn't describe where  you're from; it describes who your family is.''   Well, I am grateful to those countless Texans who supported our  communities across our State during this crisis. First responders and  9/11 dispatchers have gone above and beyond the call of duty.  Healthcare workers, fighting a pandemic already, have now had to deal  with power outages, staffing shortages, and water disruptions because  of the storm. Utility workers and energy providers have worked, of  course, around the clock in dangerous conditions to restore power and  safe drinking water to Texans. And millions of unsung heroes have  helped their fellow Texans get through these dark days: checking on an  elderly neighbor, helping drivers whose vehicles were stuck in the  snow, welcoming people into their homes, donating supplies to those in  need, and so much more.   I would like to offer a special thank-you to members of my staff in  Texas who continued working throughout this crisis while battling power  and water outages themselves. Because of their diligence, my office has  connected Texans in need with local resources to provide shelter, food,  and water. We have stayed in contact with State and local emergency  officials about the ongoing crisis, and we have assisted local critical  care facilities in need, including a large COVID testing lab in Austin.  We helped connect it with local resources to receive additional fuel  for its generators so millions of dollars of COVID testing materials  and pathology tests would not go to waste.   The past year has dealt us a tough hand. I would say that is true for  America. But I have faith that we will come through this crisis just as  we always have before--together. I continue to say a prayer for those  impacted by the storm and assure my constituents, my friends and  neighbors in Texas, that I will continue to do everything in my power  to help our State recover and rebuild   