 Mr. President, we are all representative of heroes and  idols and, clearly, my colleague from Oklahoma appoints several out  from his home State.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I complete my remarks  before we go to the vote this afternoon.    Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination of  Miguel Cardona to be the next Secretary of Education. He has the  background, qualifications, and the temperament to serve in this  position. Dr. Cardona has a meteoric rise from a classroom teacher to a  school principal, to a commissioner of education for the State of  Connecticut.   I am glad the President has nominated him to lead the Education  Department in such a challenging time for our Nation's schools.   COVID-19 related school closures have led to significant learning  losses, with millions of children stuck at home, trying to learn.  Parents are at their wits' end because many of the adults running  public schools across our country are failing to actually follow the  science. We should be seriously talking about reopening schools as  quickly as possible. That is what the science tells us, and that is  what students need.   Dr. Cardona testified before the Senate HELP Committee. He stressed  the need for students to get back to school, and I am glad that is now,  finally, a bipartisan mission.   At the same time, each school district, college, university, State  and local community faces different circumstances in dealing with this  pandemic. Trying to treat them as a monolith instead of providing  flexible advice for States and localities to use if applicable and  useful would be a mistake.   Dr. Cardona said he understands that one-size-fits-all mandates from  Washington won't work. Dr. Cardona also agreed to be responsive to our  oversight requests and to keep us updated on his plans and Department  action. We won't agree on everything, but we should be able to find  places where we can agree and we can move forward.   I support the nomination of Dr. Cardona and look forward to working  with him, and I encourage my colleagues to support his nomination as  well.   