 Mr. President, not liking whom the voters choose to vote  for in an election does not mean it is a fraudulent election. Enabling  such talk and actively working to disseminate false information that  cripples our government is in itself a fraud committed against the  American people and our Constitution.   This past November, the American people voted in the highest numbers  we have seen in our Nation's history. More than 155 million Americans  cast a ballot in what was a free and fair election.   A clear majority voted for former Vice President Joe Biden over  President Donald Trump. This was not the closest election in our  Nation's history by a long shot. President-Elect Joe Biden won by more  than 7 million votes. He and Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris won 306  electoral votes. Donald Trump and Mike Pence received 232 electoral  votes.   Given the tremendous impact the COVID-19 pandemic has had on our  country, everyone should be overwhelmed that Americans turned out in  such strong numbers for this election. People should not have to choose  between casting their ballot and protecting their own health and their  family's health. The pandemic wreaked havoc in so many of our lives for  much of last year, which is why our election officials in most States  responded by taking special measures and precautions to protect the  right to vote while safeguarding the health and well-being of voters  and election judges alike.   Election security officials, Federal and those in all 50 States and  the District of Columbia--Democrats, Republicans, and Independents-- have all certified that we held a free and fair election despite these  extraordinary circumstances. The Department of Homeland Security, DHS,  stated that the November 3 election was ``the most secure in American  history'' and that ``there is no evidence that any voting system  deleted or lost votes, changed votes, or was in any way compromised.''   President Trump responded how we would expect a would-be autocrat to  respond, by firing the head of the DHS agency overseeing election  security, pursuing baseless and groundless lawsuits, and promoting wild  conspiracy theories about a rigged election. These lawsuits repeatedly  have been dismissed as frivolous by both State and Federal judges  appointed by both Republican and Democratic Chief Executives.   There is simply no evidence of widespread voter fraud claims in this  election that can credibly affect the outcome of the election, which  even former U.S. Attorney General William Barr--speaking on behalf of  the Department of Justice--acknowledged. In December, the electoral  college met to certify the results, and all of the States and the  District of Columbia have now regularly reported their results to  Congress, pursuant to the 12th Amendment to the Constitution.   In Pennsylvania, a panel of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals  unanimously rejected President Trump's lawsuit making claims that a  State court had already dismissed. Stephanos Bibas--a judge whom  President Trump appointed--wrote, ``Free, fair elections  [[Page S30]]  are the lifeblood of our democracy. Charges of unfairness are serious.  But calling an election unfair does not make it so. Charges require  specific allegations and then proof. We have neither here.''   On Monday, January 4, in the U.S. District Court for the District of  Columbia, James Boasberg--whom George W. Bush originally appointed to  the bench--dismissed yet another frivolous lawsuit seeking to stop  Congress from certifying President President-Elect Joe Biden's victory  when it meets in joint session to tally the electoral college votes on  Wednesday.   In a 7-page opinion, Judge Boasberg noted that the plaintiffs had  filed in the wrong court; did not have standing to sue; and had made no  effort to serve defendants with the suit, a legal requirement. He  indicated that he was contemplating referring the case to the Court's  Committee on Grievances ``for potential discipline of Plaintiffs'  counsel.'' More importantly, he wrote, ``the suit rests on a  fundamental and obvious misreading of the Constitution.'' He concluded,  ``It would be risible were its target not so grave: the undermining of  a democratic election for President of the United States.''   After being shut down again and again by the courts and State  election officials--the people who run the elections--President Trump  has continued his sordid campaign to undermine the rule of law in our  Nation. He continues to fan the flames of division in our Nation,  including encouraging fringe elements seeking to declare martial law or  have the military intervene to overturn the election results. This  demagoguery led all 10 former Secretaries of Defense who are still  living--Republicans and Democrats alike--to warn against any attempt to  involve the military in pursuing claims of election fraud, arguing that  it would take the United States into ``dangerous, unlawful and  unconstitutional territory.''   President Trump and his enablers' ceaseless provocations call into  question whether we can have a peaceful and orderly transition of power  in the United States. This concern is not theoretical, as we saw today,  as a lawless mob encouraged by the President temporarily took control  of our sacred Capitol.   President Trump's recent phone call to pressure the Georgia secretary  of state to ``find'' the votes he needs to win the State is his latest  failure to take care that the laws be faithfully executed.   Historically, American Presidents have understood that America is a  democracy and not an autocracy or a cult of personality. I find it  unfathomable that we even need to say that out loud.   Elected legislators cannot, in good conscience, allow President Trump  to continue to act like a dictator by trying to undermine valid  election results and trash and burn our Republic on his way out of  office.   If a foreign leader acted in such a blatant way to overturn  legitimate election results, the full U.S. Congress would forcefully  condemn such autocratic and undemocratic moves.   My congressional colleagues who are objecting to the electoral  college results without any evidence or legal basis must stop coddling  President Trump's insatiable ego. They must remember their oath is to  the Constitution and not the President.   Sixty years ago, John F. Kennedy warned that people who foolishly  seek power by riding the back of the tiger ultimately end up inside its  belly. People should heed that advice. It is time to put country before  personal ambition.   