 Madam President, I rise to speak on the resolution's  investment of $8.6 billion through the Senate Committee on Indian  Affairs.   Our Native American brothers and sisters on Tribal lands are four  times more likely to contract COVID-19 and twice as likely to die from  it. The Navajo Nation has seen extended families ravaged by disease,  families like the Muskets, who were careful to protect their elderly  parents, Benjamin and Louise, from the virus. Despite taking the  necessary precautions and having access to electricity and running  water--something many of our Navajo brothers and sisters still lack-- the whole family became ill. Because the overburdened IHS-run medical  center closest to them was unable to treat Benjamin's advanced  condition, he was flown to one of the nearest hospitals in Albuquerque  that would have taken hours to have gotten there by car. He died far  from his beloved Louise. Five days later, Louise also passed.   In New Mexico, community members and students are still mourning the  loss of Laura Escalanti, a beloved Tewa teacher at Pojoaque Valley High  School, from San Ildefonso Pueblo. ``Ms. Laura,'' as she was known,  imparted on her students pride in themselves through language. Her  funeral procession from Ohkay Owingeh to San Ildefonso Pueblo brought  mourners out from their homes to the roadways to bid farewell to their  teacher of more than 20 years. Sadly, there are too many Native  American families and communities mourning loved ones.   This resolution strikes at the heart of the health disparities and  circumstances that make Tribal communities more vulnerable to COVID-19.  It provides Tribal and public governments with critical funding to take  action against the deadly virus and the havoc it has wreaked on their  citizens, their economies, and the public health infrastructure. The  budget resolution provides necessary investments to support Tribal  governments that have struggled to maintain public and social safety  network services.   It also provides the Indian Health Service, which is the primary  vaccine provider for over 330 Tribal nations and urban Indian health  organizations, with funding and resources to respond to this crisis.   Access to nearby hospitals and emergency services may be dozens, even  hundreds of miles away in my State, and we must do everything in our  power here in the Senate, here in the House, and in Washington, DC, to  ensure that every hospital and clinic has the staff and supplies to get  families the care they need.   Our response to COVID-19 must support and protect the most vulnerable  among us. Today's resolution recognizes that, and I am proud to support  it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, more than 3,000 of my fellow New Mexicans  have lost their lives to COVID-19. They were New Mexicans like Teresa,  an essential medical worker from Springer, NM. She bravely went to work  to test Haitians for COVID-19 and to stop the spread of the disease.  Tragically, Teresa contracted COVID-19 and passed away over the  Christmas holiday, leaving behind her husband Roger and their three  children.   But Congress has another chance to spare other families the pain that  Teresa's family is experiencing, the very thing that drove Teresa every  day to go and save others. This resolution will allow Congress to mount  an aggressive public health response and prioritize resources where  they are needed most--for vaccines, testing, and public health programs  that fight COVID.   Funding included in this package will be aimed at dramatically  increasing rates of testing, bolstering the supply chain to increase  the availability of testing supplies and personal protective equipment,  hiring and training public health workers to administer the vaccine,  and increasing vaccine production.   As Congress focuses on getting vaccinations into every arm as quickly  as possible, strong Federal funding is especially critical for States  like New Mexico, where vaccines and medical supplies must travel longer  distances to reach the communities that need them.   We know we have the capacity to get these vaccines in people's arms.  We need more vaccine. Vaccines are essential to the priorities I have  heard from many of my constituents--safely opening schools as soon as  possible because this pandemic is widening the achievement gap that  already existed. To meet this goal, Congress must invest in safely  reopening schools and make facility improvements to ensure every  educator, the people who prepare the food, drive the buses, keep the  schools looking clean, social workers and nurses, and every student is  safe to return.   America must provide quality distance learning to those who are not  yet ready to return and work to address widespread learning loss that  exacerbates the achievement gap. It is also clear that the toll of  COVID-19 on students' learning and mental health will last for years,  meaning investments are necessary well beyond this academic year.   The Senate must act for the families who have lost loved ones, for  Roger and Teresa and their three kids, and for parents struggling to  keep their students safe and healthy.   The Senate must act to defeat this virus and to rebuild our Nation's  economy. It must pass this budget resolution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 50 million Americans, including 17 million  children, are facing food insecurity because of this public health and  economic crisis, with Black and Latino families more likely to go  hungry. In New Mexico, one in three children and one in five adults are  at risk of hunger. In the wealthiest country in the world, this is  simply unacceptable.   The budget resolution focuses on getting relief to the people who  need it most, beginning with an extension of the 15-percent increase in  supplemental nutrition assistance benefits through September of 2021.  Increasing SNAP benefits has proven to be one of the most effective  forms of economic stimulus, and it has the dual benefit of allowing  families to purchase the food that they need to stay healthy, as well  as supporting businesses that accept SNAP dollars.   The budget resolution also bolsters the WIC Program to ensure that  children and their mothers have access to a nutritious diet necessary  for healthy development, an important investment in the future of our  country. This funding increase is especially significant for States  like New Mexico, where nearly a quarter of children are born into  families with incomes that fall below the Federal poverty line.   In addition to addressing hunger, this resolution includes critical  support for the people who grow our food, produce our food--our farmers  and ranchers. In New Mexico, farmers and ranchers, who were already  struggling due to drought conditions, face new challenges due to COVID- 19. Shuttered restaurants left chile growers and dairy farmers without  their customer base and scrambling to find new markets. Ranchers  experienced long delays at meat packing plants where workers were hard  hit by COVID-19. Those workers need help too. The pandemic also made it  harder to find workers to cultivate the land and tend to the animals.   This resolution also supports a provision I advocated for to provide  debt relief for minority and disadvantaged farmers and ranchers who did  not receive their fair share of COVID relief under the last  administration.   It is said that societies are judged by how they treat their most  vulnerable. It is sad because not everybody opens their eyes to see how  this should be measured.   The Senate must act for the families and children facing hunger and  for our hard-working farmers and ranchers--those that are producing  food, picking food, preparing food, and getting it to market and  stocking the shelves.   We must pass this budget resolution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   