 Thank you very much, Senator Kaine and Senator Warner.   I am here today to pay tribute to an extraordinary gentleman, a great  Senator, a decent and honorable individual, the paragon of what we  would all like to be--John Warner.   John was someone who appreciated everyone, respected everyone, and  treated people with kindness. He has monumental achievements, but at  the end of his days, I think people remember him most for the kindness  and the personal help that he gave naturally  [[Page S3473]]  because he was an extraordinary gentleman.   He also was a patriot, not just in words, not wearing a lapel pin or  doing something like that. He joined the Navy at 18 years old at the  end of World War II because he wanted to defend and serve the Nation.  He didn't get overseas, but in 1950, with the Korean war, he decided to  drop everything he was doing and join the U.S. Marine Corps, and he  served with distinction and left the service as a captain.   So he knew what it was like to be a sailor, a marine, a soldier, an  airman, and he never forgot that, and that molded his service to this  country. It was about service. It was about sacrifice, and it was about  protecting the other fellow and other men, and that was John Warner.   He was bipartisan because, again, his focus was the country. It  wasn't party. It was principle and what is best for the country, and I  think that dedication stemmed from the fact that he knew that all  across the world, all through his tenure in the Senate and his public  life, there were thousands of young Americans defending us, and he  wanted to make sure they were well prepared and well protected.   And as chairman of the Armed Services Committee, he did that. He did  it in an extraordinarily bipartisan way. He set a tone and a tempo for  the committee that still is with us today, that is imbued in what we  all try to do.   Now, he was someone who had a sparkle in his eye. He always had a  sense of humor, a sense of--I won't say mischief, but probably close to  mischief. And I remember a specific codel he organized. This was his  major codel going into Iraq in 2003, and, of course, it was bipartisan:  Senator Levin, Senator Cornyn, myself, and others. We were in there  because John had to see firsthand what the troops were experiencing,  what he could do to help them, what we needed to know about the  situation. Again, public service--even if it is inconvenient--is  something that he did constantly.   But also he had, as I said, this sense of mischief and a twinkle in  his eye. Now, as we flew out of Iraq, we had to find a place to spend  overnight so the crew could rest. And John, being a very sophisticated  gentleman, a former Secretary of the Navy, knew that there was a nice  place to spend a few hours.   So we landed in Souda Bay, and John arranged that we would get on a  bus, drive up to this beautiful restaurant overlooking the Aegean, and  have a nice night of Greek food and fellowship, bipartisan fellowship.  You could tell he was enjoying himself because other people were  enjoying themselves.   We will miss him, and I just hope and pray that his example of  thoughtful, principled bipartisanship is recognized and honored today,  as it was when he was here with us.   With that, I would yield to my colleague.    Many of them in Rhode Island.    Madam President.    Reserving my right to object. For the reasons I articulated  on Monday, I object.   