 Thank you, Senator Tuberville.   Mr. President.    Every year, I travel and visit every county in the State  of Indiana--92 of them. You know, I can't ever recall anyone saying  that they want the IRS to poke into their business more on a day-to-day  basis. In fact, they bemoan the fact that many years ago, the IRS was  actually sifting through stuff to determine who was conservative or not  before they might grant status to your entity.   We have gotten to a point--and I think Senators Tuberville and Scott  have eloquently laid out the details. I want to take a little different  approach.   I have been here a little less than 3 years, and this kind of  entrepreneurialism through government, growing the Federal Government,  having an Agency like the IRS that can't do its job well with the money  that we do give to it, is just another example of trying to pile on one  bad thing after another.   It would be different if we weren't doing it borrowing 23 percent of  the money we spend every year. Imagine that in your own household, in a  State or local government, a business. You would be laughed out of the  banker's office if you did that and then wanted a loan to cover it and  then do it the next 10 years. It doesn't work anywhere else.   This is an example that I think, along with maybe the vaccine  mandate, where you are now forcing small businesses to do something  when they finally got a rhythm--and businesses have protected their  employees and their customers as well as anybody out there in that  journey. You have got that nonsense that is going to be unfurled here  soon. But it is an example of where, at some point, enough needs to be  enough.   The IRS has had a poor record of doing things to boot. Earlier,  ProPublica released illegally obtained tax records of many Americans.  We had the incident of issues with conservative businesses being  discriminated against in getting proper status set up. I introduced the  Protect Taxpayer Privacy Act in June for that because the IRS is  already doing things that they shouldn't be doing. This would be a  perfect companion to what Senator Tuberville is putting out here.   To wrap it up, we have to be careful when we send people here. If you  were knocking it out of the park, delivering results, not borrowing  money to do the things we try to do anyway, and then you tee up  something like this--this is going to do nothing more than unleash more  of an Agency that doesn't do well in its job anyway, and it is truly an  example of government gone wild.   I thank Senator Tuberville for bringing this to a focal point.   I yield back to him.   