 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  842, the prounion bosses' act.   First off, Americans have the right to organize and join a union if  they choose to do so, and United States law has protected this freedom  for over 80 years.   My father was a machinist and a union organizer for part of his  career, and I worked for a time at U.S. Steel South Works on the south  side of Chicago, a union steelworker.   Unions have and can still play a valuable role in our Nation's  workforce. However, any reforms we make to our labor laws should put  workers first. Unfortunately, the radical, partisan legislation we are  considering today grants unprecedented power to union leaders at the  expense of workers.   We have seen what can happen when union leaders abuse the trust of  their rank-and-file members. Most recently, a Federal investigation  into the United Autoworkers revealed an extensive and long-lasting  effort by two former UAW presidents and their subordinates to embezzle  over $1.5 million in UAW money for their personal benefit.   Sadly, the sweeping proposals of this bill will only increase the  likelihood of abuse similar.   Mr. Speaker, the hardworking families we represent deserve better  than the legislation before us. Let's elevate and protect the rights of  workers with a union that serves them instead of tipping the scales  against them in favor of special interests and union leaders who serve  themselves.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to H.R. 842.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 842 codifies the one-sided Obama-era  ambush election rule, which deprives employees of the necessary time to  learn about the potential implications of refraining from or joining a  union.   My amendment ensures workers have appropriate time to learn the pros  and cons of an enormously important decision affecting their careers,  their families, and their livelihoods.   Unions often begin organizing campaigns weeks or even months before  employers are made aware of this activity, creating a scenario in which  workers are only hearing one side of the issue, like the other side of  the Chamber today is trying to get across.   Additionally, H.R. 842 imposes a complex scheme of new regulations  and penalties on employers of all sizes. Small businesses lacking  internal human resources or legal departments would be most harmed by  this ambush election.   Providing appropriate time for workers to hear both sides and inform  themselves does not substantially change the organizing process. It  merely creates a more informed electorate.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for my amendment.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  [[Page H1169]]  682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens  and back in the classroom.   