 A Civil War legislation called the False Claims Act has  been on the books since that period of time. In 1986, I believe it was,  I got some amendments to it that made it a much more valuable piece of  legislation than it was before that time.   It is called the False Claims Act, and it has brought, I think,  something like $64 billion back into the Federal Treasury of  fraudulently taken money since then.   The problem today, even though it has been a successful law, is that  the courts tend, from time to time, to neuter its capabilities by  interpreting it in a way so it is not quite as effective. From time to  time, we have passed legislation to overcome some of those court  decisions.   I am here today to talk about another opportunity this Senate has to  make the False Claims Act the effective piece of legislation it was.   So I want to alert my colleagues about the most recent limitations  the courts have imposed on the False Claims Act.   The False Claims Act was signed into law by President Abraham Lincoln  in 1863, for the very same purpose it serves today: to fight fraud, not  just with military matters, as was the reason for doing it because the  Union Army was being defrauded at that particular time, but, today, it  fights fraud governmentwide.   Today, it is the government's most powerful anti-fraud statute. That  is because amendments that I offered in 1986 empowered whistleblowers  to sue fraudsters on the government's behalf with or without the  government's help. Since then, we have recovered more than $64 billion  of taxpayer money lost to fraud.   Now, when we talk about anti-fraud statutes like the False Claims  Act, we use the term ``materiality.'' It is because of that term that  the courts have caused--their interpretation of that term has caused-- the act to be less effective. The False Claims Act defines  ``materiality'' as ``having a natural tendency of influencing the  payment or receipt of money or property.'' Basically, if the government  could have withheld payment, then it was likely material.   However, based on a 2016 Supreme Court opinion, the Federal courts  are trying to reshape the act's materiality requirement. In the Supreme  Court's opinion in Escobar, ``if the Government pays a particular claim  in full despite its actual knowledge that certain requirements were  violated, that is very strong evidence that those requirements are not  material.''   Citing this language, other courts have made the government's payment  decisions in these cases a deciding factor. Consequently, the Justice  Department now shies away from prosecuting these cases. That is the  case even when the fraud is very obvious and then, obviously, material.   Recently, the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghan  Reconstruction briefed me on a report about a botched Defense  Department effort to quickly buy cargo planes from an Italian  manufacturer called Alenia.   In 2009, the Department of Defense bought 20 cargo planes from this  company, Alenia, for $549 million. These planes were intended to move  goods and train Afghan pilots. This is the type of plane we are talking  about. The contract required the manufacturers to refurbish 20 retired  aircraft and provide enough spare parts for 10 years of maintenance. To  seal the deal, the company even took Department of Defense personnel on  several warehouse tours to prove they had all these spare parts.   When the planes arrived in Afghanistan, mechanics quickly noted the  planes were very poorly refurbished. Worse, they couldn't actually fly.  The poor state of the planes and the hazards of the Afghan elements  made that impossible. The company, Alenia, also lied about their  maintenance commitments.   Now, remember, I already told you about their promise that those  warehouses were full of parts for the next 10 years. These spare parts  that they  [[Page S1667]]  showed them were not for these planes. In other words, they were for  the wrong planes.   Despite this blatant fraud, the Department of Defense inspectors kept  certifying the planes, and the government kept making payments.   But here is the catch: The inspectors later admitted that many of the  documents and manuals they reviewed were in Italian, and none of them  spoke Italian.   In the final count, out of 20 aircraft, 4 never even made it to  Afghanistan.   It is unclear why the Department of Defense continued making payments  despite these flagrant violations, but by 2013, it became clear that  continuing this program was unfeasible, and the government tried to  sell the remaining 16 planes. You can imagine that nobody wanted these  planes. So the Obama-Biden administration sold them all for scrap  metal. You can see the scrap metal right here.   To recap, the government bought 20 airplanes for $549 million and, in  less than 5 years, sold them for $40,257 worth of scrap metal. The  photos next to me show what we bought compared to what it was actually  worth, a little pile of garbage.   It is clear that the actual condition of the planes and the lack of  parts were very material components of this contract. See, there is  that word ``material.''   Now, thanks to the Department of Defense's poor judgment and also the  courts' new standard on materiality, the Justice Department won't bring  False Claims Act charges against that company.   Materiality is important to protect against parasitic lawsuits, but  we can't allow defendants to get away with scalping the taxpayers  because some government bureaucrats failed to do their jobs.   Government bureaucrats are highly segmented and often unable to make  key decisions for their organizations. Now, that is not the employee's  fault. That is just kind of the way government, I am sorry to say,  operates.   Also, the government typically stops payments only when it has fully  investigated and corroborated a claim of fraud.   In my many years of investigating the Department of Defense, it has  taught me that a Pentagon bureaucrat is rarely motivated to recognize  fraud. That is because the money doesn't come out of their pocket. This  example highlights how the courts' narrow interpretation of  ``materiality'' fails to take into account how the government really  works and why we need to overcome the courts' decision on the  definition of ``materiality.''    When the False Claims Act was originally passed, one fraudster  boasted--and this is a direct quote--``You can sell anything to the  government at almost any price if you've got the guts to ask.''   Unfortunately, that was true in this case as well. I have already  made it public that I am working to patch this hole in the taxpayer's  pocket. This example perfectly illustrates the need for change. I am  working on introducing legislation to address the issue, and I am in  the final stages of negotiating and look forward to putting forward a  very bipartisan bill in the coming weeks.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that my Judiciary Committee  detailee, Joseph Routh, be given privileges of the floor for the  remainder of the 117th Congress.   