 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri for  her courage and backbone in supporting these vital social issues.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak on the dangers of H.R. 5, the  so-called Equality Act. This bill would have disastrous effects on our  culture. H.R. 5 will not only turn the Civil Rights Act on its head, it  would harass individuals and entities who are merely seeking to  exercise their sincerely held religious beliefs.   Under the current text, countless faith-based businesses and  nonprofits across the country would simply cease to exist. I am not  convinced that my colleagues across the aisle understand the far- reaching consequences of the so-called Equality Act. The reality is  that churches could be forced to violate their beliefs simply to stay  open if it were enforced as written.   This awful legislation also creates fundamental inequalities for many  Americans. Parents sending their kids to public schools would live in  fear that their young daughter would have to use the same locker room  or restroom as a man because the Equality Act would open the door to  biological males self-identifying as females.   I have introduced an amendment to the Equality Act protecting  accommodations choosing to designate private, single-sex spaces, such  as restrooms or locker rooms. I hope the Democrat majority allows a  vote on this commonsense amendment that tens of millions of American  parents want.   In addition, the so-called Equality Act would significantly  disadvantage women participating in sex-specific sports leagues. That  is why I have also introduced an amendment, originally filed as a bill  last Congress by Democratic Representative Tulsi Gabbard, protecting  equal opportunities for women and girls in high school and college  sports. This amendment of mine seeks to protect women and girls simply  wanting to compete against other biological women and girls on a level  playing field.   Women and children suffer when Democrat policies are enacted. Women's  sports, and the girls and young women who just simply want to compete  with other females on an equal basis, will be the victims of Democrat  policies.   Madam Speaker, I adamantly oppose the radical Equality Act, and I  hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will take a stand and  oppose it as well.   