 Mr. Speaker, I deeply appreciate Mrs. Cammack having  read all of those names. That is a promise that we make to these  officers. I really congratulate Congresswoman Cammack and thank her so  much for this opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, this morning, as I was laying a wreath at the National  Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, I couldn't help but remember that  this week, National Police Week, is really about promises made and  promises kept.   These 22,000-plus officers, whose names appear at the national  memorial, although they all died in different ways, they all lived for  the same purpose.   They made this promise: ``As a law enforcement officer, my  fundamental duty is to serve mankind; to safeguard lives and property;  to protect the innocent against deception, the weak against oppression  or intimidation, and the peaceful against violence or disorder; and to  respect the constitutional rights of all men to liberty, equality, and  justice.''   Mr. Speaker, that is the first paragraph of the Law Enforcement  Officer's Code of Ethics. That is a promise made by every law  enforcement officer in the United States. That promise is kept every  day when they put on that uniform and they go out to protect the  peaceful against violence and disorder.   Last year, in 2020, 394 of those officers gave their last full  measure of devotion to the communities they served after having taken  that oath. They kept their promise.   During this National Police Week, we will keep our promise to them  that we will never forget their names and that of their families.   Mr. Speaker, every year at this time we pause to remember their  lives; not just their deaths and the way they died, but the way they  lived.   This morning, I couldn't help but think of the words of Ralph Waldo  Emerson as I thought about these officers. He wrote: ``The purpose in  life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be  compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and  lived well.''   Those more than 22,000 names that are on those memorial walls over  there, those men and women lived well. Their names will never be  forgotten. Of the names on the wall at the National Law Enforcement  Officers Memorial, 113 of them are from my district.   Just this year, we will add another 394 names to that memorial wall.  These officers kept their promises. Tonight, at the National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial, we will keep our promise and remember  their names.   God bless and keep these officers and their families, who are their  survivors.  [[Page H2302]]        