 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Tennessee for  yielding and especially for his passion, the statements that he just  made, and the importance of not only standing up for Israel, which we  all need to do, but standing up against anti-Semitism, against the kind  of attacks on Israel that the very Iron Dome are necessary for.   The Iron Dome represents one of those great partnerships between our  two great nations, this great bond between the United States and  Israel, allowing Israel to defend themselves, defend themselves against  attacks from Gaza, against attacks from terrorists who want to destroy  Israel as a Jewish state. That is what this has always been about.   It had been heartening for decades that this was always a bipartisan  issue. We shouldn't have to be here today to pass this bill because it  should have been passed on Tuesday. There was a vote on the House floor  to ensure Israel had the money to defend themselves, to put that  billion dollars back in. On a straight party-line vote, every Democrat  voted it down. I don't know why on Tuesday they were against Israel's  Iron Dome's defense. Today, maybe things will change. Hopefully, things  will change. But we ought to always stand with Israel, and especially  with what their Iron Dome represents.   I have been to Israel. I have been to areas where the Iron Dome is  actually utilized effectively to save Jewish lives, to save everybody's  life who lives in Israel, whether it is Jews, Palestinians. Anyone who  lives in Israel under threat of terrorist attack can at least have some  solace at knowing that the Iron Dome is there to protect them.   Thousands of rockets were fired into Israel by terrorists, and that  is why we need to put this billion dollars in place to allow them to  replenish the Iron Dome missiles that saved lives in Israel. Save lives  in Israel, that is what this is about.   We should be with Israel, not just on Thursday. We should also be  with them on Tuesday, on Monday. Every single day, we need to stand  with our ally Israel against attacks that we see from anti-Semites  around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this bill.   