 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak about a friend of mine,  Ali Mayorkas. He is President Biden's choice to head up the Department  of Homeland Security. Now, I don't need to tell the folks in this  Chamber how big of a job this is, but let me be clear: It is our duty  to put somebody in this role who is up to the task of getting things  done, and I am here to assure you that Ali Mayorkas is that man.   I worked closely with Ali when he was Deputy Secretary of Homeland  Security in the Obama administration. It is obvious that he has the  understanding of the challenges that this country is facing--from the  coronavirus pandemic to immigration, to cybersecurity, to threats from  our foreign adversaries and now, more than ever, from our domestic  ones. Perhaps, most importantly, he has demonstrated that he is going  to listen and learn about the unique problems facing each State in this  Union.   He proved that to me when I brought him to Montana back in 2015. We  flew along the Montana-Canada border and visited the Ports of Piegan  and Sweetgrass before hosting a roundtable on human trafficking in  Havre, just a little more than 50 miles from where I live. We also held  listening sessions on law enforcement and first responders in Helena.  We met with local businesses to discuss cross-border trade and even met  with union representatives from Customs and Border Protection. He  traveled thousands of miles to hear firsthand what Montanans had to  say, and because of it, he understood what our State needed from him in  order to be successful with our homeland security. That, folks, is what  leadership looks like.   Over the past 4 years, we have seen the Department of Homeland  Security in turmoil with six different Secretaries. We need a steady  hand, a steady hand like Ali Mayorkas's, to get us back on track. After  all, he spent 7 years in leadership roles in the Department of Homeland  Security. He understands the challenges. He understands it is going to  take a lot of work. He understands that we are going to have to bring  people together, and he understands that this job is a 24/7 job. He  understands because he has lived it. He has the knowledge and the  experience to lead our Nation's Homeland Security today and prepare for  the challenges of tomorrow.   Now, it is my understanding that tomorrow, at 2:30, we will vote on  Ali Mayorkas as Secretary of Homeland Security. I would hope that we  would get a strong vote for him out of this body because, quite  frankly, after the events of January 6, we have no time to waste.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   