 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to take a moment to thank all my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle, in this great deliberative body,  for showing the United States and the entire world that the United  States Senate is not broken. Actually, we are doing fine. We can work  together and do much better. We can also come together and do big  things, and we did with this investment in American infrastructure.   America has not seen this type of infrastructure investment in the  last 30 years--talked about it a lot and haven't seen anything. The  polls have shown that the American people are overwhelmingly supportive  of this infrastructure deal. Americans of both political parties know  it is long past time to make this investment. And once the roads are  repaired so the children are safe on the buses, they want better  internet service so they can connect and compete in the 21st century.   It is just unbelievable what we can do. This is about clean water and  upgraded sewer systems. You would think in the 21st century this all  would be a void anywhere in America, but it is--it really is.   This is the largest long-term jobs bill in decades. It will create  good-paying, long-term jobs over the next 8 to 10 years. So if you want  to basically make sure we don't hit the highs and the lows as far as  the job opportunities, job markets, and the economy, this bill does  that.   It is the largest investment in clean drinking water and wastewater  infrastructure in the history of our country--in the history of our  country. It is the largest dedicated bridge investment since the  construction of the Interstate Highway System.   It is the largest investment in energy transition in history, and  puts our money where our mouth is on technologies that are critical for  the future. And it is the largest Federal investment in passenger rail  since the creation of Amtrak.   And our bipartisan infrastructure package does not raise taxes on  everyday Americans. It does not. A large  [[Page S6001]]  piece of this bipartisan infrastructure bill came out of the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee, which I am privileged and honored to  chair. We reported the Energy Infrastructure Act out of our committee  with a bipartisan vote after--after--holding a legislative hearing and  a robust amendment process. That is called regular order. It is  something we have heard about for many years--we just haven't seen it  for a long time--and it is working.   The Energy Infrastructure Act will create good-paying jobs and  demonstrate the energy technologies needed to reduce emissions while  maintaining affordable, reliable, and dependable energy and our  Nation's position as a global energy leader.   I have said all along that the United States of America is now energy  independent. We must fight to maintain that position. We should not be  held captive by any foreign entity or any foreign country where we are  depending on any type of supplies that the American people need--any  type of supplies--and energy is one of our greatest, and we can do it  cleaner and better than ever. I have always said you cannot eliminate  your way to a cleaner environment. You can innovate your way to a  cleaner environment, and we have proven that, and we can do an awful  lot more too.   It also builds off the great work already done in my home State of  West Virginia and your State of Virginia, Mr. President, to demonstrate  advanced geothermal technology and establish a reliable, U.S.-based,  rare-Earth-element supply chain.   I have had consideration and I have had some pause on us moving so  rapidly into electric vehicles. My reason for my pause has been this:  We do not produce the rare-Earth minerals--the rare-Earth minerals that  are needed to build these batteries. And we have to be very, very  careful that we don't put our transportation system--our transportation  mode in America in the hands of foreign supply chains. We could be held  very, very captive on those.   I remember in the 1970s, when the oil embargo from the oil cartel-- the oil embargo basically shut our businesses down, and then we had  rapid inflation coming after that. It was just horrible.   Importantly, the legislation also reauthorizes abandoned mine lands  and reclamation fees. In southwest Virginia and all of West Virginia,  we have a tremendous amount of mines that this country needed to be the  superpower of the world.   Now it is far beyond time for us to clean that up, and this is  something we can do, and this bill does that. It is set to expire, as  far as our AML reclamation fees in September. For an additional 13  years, we have extended that, while investing $11.3 billion into  reclaiming these abandoned coal mine lands, which an awful lot of beach  area and water and things were harmed for a long time and needs to be  fixed.   It also funds the demonstration of clean energy on the abandoned mine  lands and authorizes grants for manufacturers to locate in coal  communities. These coal communities around the country bear the scars  of the work that powered our Nation to greatness, and this investment  will clean up those areas and provide new economic opportunities.   The bill also shores up the reliability of our electric grid systems.  Our grid has basically been around for a long time, and with all the  new technologies coming on and all of the renewable power, that is not  always produced in the area where we have the grid system, and it is  time for us to expand and make sure our grid system is able to deliver  the energy our country needs.   The bipartisan Energy Infrastructure Act authorizes $110 billion,  much of which is also funded and is a vital component of the whole  infrastructure package. So we are not just talking about it. We are  putting a lot of money into upgrading the grid system and the  reliability of it.   This bill will truly do much good across the United States. Let me  just give you the historic investment in the needs of our Nation: $110  billion for the roads and the bridges; $65 billion for broadband  access; $66 billion for railroads; $25 billion for airports; $55  billion for drinking water and wastewater systems.   I don't know what infrastructure is if you don't call that  infrastructure. This is as good as it gets. It is something that we all  have talked about for many, many years.   My State of West Virginia benefits from this bipartisan  infrastructure bill. It will help expand broadband access across West  Virginia with a minimum allocation of $100 million to help provide  broadband coverage across the State, including providing access to at  least 258,000 West Virginians who currently lack it because of our  terrain.   I think the Presiding Officer has been there many, many times, and  you understand what we are dealing with. It is really challenging, but  if we take just a commonsense approach--and I have always said this: If  during Franklin Delano Roosevelt, when he took over after the Great  Depression, if he could electrify America--rural electrification--if he  could do that in the thirties, surely and goodness, we can basically  make sure that every household has fast, high-speed internet service.  We can make that happen, and we are going to use the same blueprint  that was used many, many years ago, almost 100 years ago.   We believe that number is much higher than the 258,000. But, here  again, I am urging the FCC to fix their coverage in the maps. The maps  are not accurate. They haven't been accurate for years. I will never  forget when I had one of the chairmen of the FCC in my State one time,  and we were talking, and I said: Why don't you meet me at a certain  place in my State? I said: We will have a meeting. I want to talk to  you.   He was kind. He drove over there with his staff. I said: Why don't  you call back to your office and ask if they have any messages for you.  I said: The map here shows--your map shows--that you are covered. And I  said: You can use any phone you want, any service you might have.   And he said: My goodness, I didn't know.   I said: Sir, this is exactly what we are dealing with. The maps are  not accurate, and West Virginians are getting left behind.   There are 543,000, or 31 percent, of the people in West Virginia who  will be eligible for the affordability connectivity benefit, which will  help low-income families. You can have internet service, but if it is  so costly that people can't afford it, then you have a problem. This  goes along with the same thing as LIHEAP, which helps people with their  utilities who, basically, are working hard and trying to make it but  having a hard time. This makes sure that everyone can connect and  basically benefit from this opportunity.   West Virginia also has some of the worst roads in the Nation. This  bipartisan bill will repair and rebuild our roads and bridges. In West  Virginia, there are 1,545 bridges--1,545--and over 3,200 miles of  highway in poor condition. Since 2011, commute times have increased by  6\1/2\ percent and, on average, each driver pays $726 per year in  additional costs due to repairs by driving on roads that have needed  repair.   That is simply unacceptable, and it truly, truly shows the deferred  maintenance that we have let go for far too long. Based on formula  alone, West Virginia will receive $3 billion for Federal-Aid Highway  programs and $506 million for bridge replacement and repairs. We have  the greatest need of bridge replacement.   The reason why is that, in the 1930s, the constitution of West  Virginia changed during the Great Depression, and basically everything  was put on the State. Before that, local counties and communities were  all responsible to a certain extent, but when the Depression hit, the  Constitution was changed in 1932, at the height of the Depression, and  everything was: This is the State's responsibility; we can't pay no  more.   So the State has a tremendous obligation here, and we want to make  sure we help them.   West Virginia can also compete for the $12.5 billion Bridge  Investment Program for economically significant bridges and nearly $16  billion of national funding in the bill dedicated for major projects  that will deliver substantial economic benefits to communities.   And we have to address public transportation in the Mountain State.  West Virginians, who take public transportation, spend an extra 77  percent of their time commuting--commuting--  [[Page S6002]]  and non-White households are five times more likely to commute via  public transportation. That is a fact, and we have to address these  facts and fix them.    And 32 percent of the trains and other transit vehicles in the State  are past their useful life. A third are past their useful life. Based  on formula funding, West Virginia would expect to receive $196 million  over 5 years to improve public transportation, which is desperately,  desperately needed.   These investments are vital to bringing good-paying jobs to our State  of West Virginia and the Presiding Officer's State of Virginia and all  of our States in this great country of ours, and spurring economic  development like we have never seen before. This is solid economic  development, not just sending checks, not people just receiving checks  but people receiving an opportunity of the dignity of work and the  ability to be able to do what needs to be done in order for them to  survive and sustain a quality of life.   I am incredibly proud of our bipartisan group of Senators who have  worked together day and night to hammer out a compromise that will  address our infrastructure needs without going overboard. And I will  remind everyone that not one Senator got everything they wanted, but we  all got what we needed. This is how compromise works. This is what this  body was made for. This is why the Senate is called the most  deliberative body.   It is hard, when you want to basically take every opportunity to work  with every single Senator here, to make sure you can help them with the  problems and needs they have in their own States, and that is what we  have done.   I have always said: The best politics is good government.   Everybody worries about: Oh, I am not sure if that is good for my  politics.   Let me tell you, if you do something good for all, it is good for  you. It will be the best politics you have ever done.   If we do something good, we all take credit for it.   I have seen people take credit for things they voted against because  it was good. It worked well. It didn't bother me at all. I am glad.  Maybe they won't fight us as hard the next time. Maybe they might join  us. Who knows?   I look forward to passing this important legislation with strong  bipartisan support. I just think this is a moment for our country. This  is extremely important for our country to show that we can still work  together and to show that we are united when it comes to the needs.   I have always said: There are a few things in this country that  basically unite us. One has always been our military. We want to  support our military, our law enforcement officers, our firemen, and  all the people who run into harm's way when everyone else is running  away from harm's way. Those people are special--very special--I have  always said. We all seem to rise always for that.   But now we have one other. We have infrastructure, which unites us. I  have never seen a road in my State, in the Presiding Officer's State,  or anywhere in the country that had a bad road or a bad pothole that  busted my tire that had a Democrat or Republican name on it. It will  get the Republican, as well as it will get me and the Presiding  Officer.   So that is why this brings us together. We all have these needs. As  Governors, we had the same needs. We used to talk across the board-- whether it be education, whether it be highways, whether it be  different things that we needed in our State that we all had the same  concerns and problems with. We never worried about whether it was a  Republican or Democrat being the Governor. The Presiding Officer had  the same problems we all had, and we shared successes and the  challenges and how to overcome those challenges. This is who we are as  Americans.   And how we become so divided, I don't know. It worries me, and the  reason I say this is that this is probably the most important bill that  we have worked on in many, many years because it is the most difficult,  challenging times of our lives. Our country has never been more divided  than it is today, and we need something to bring us together.   I am so thankful that President Biden has taken this piece of  legislation as his own and gone around the country on how important  this piece of legislation is for not just his administration but for  the entire country. He has been able to identify that. Democrats and  Republicans--we are going to have 20 Republicans today get on the bill.  Everyone was afraid that someone is going to get mad and leave. We kept  gaining. And as they see the support back home, it will continue to  create more momentum. That is what we need. This is extremely as  important as anything we do from this day forward to pass a bipartisan  bill--show the people that basically, yes, we are all Americans first,  and we are going to take care of the deferred maintenance we let go for  far too long because of politics. We have set politics aside to take  care of America.   So I encourage all of my friends, please, look and see what this bill  does for America. Look and see what this bill does for your State. You  will be surprised. And I think we have tried to help everybody that we  could, and we will continue to work together.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   