 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for  that very powerful explanation for why we are here today, and I thank  Senator Klobuchar for her incredibly important and impactful leadership  in this area as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Antitrust of the  Judiciary Committee. She has led informative and profoundly significant  hearings, and now she has brought to the floor, with many of us as  cosponsors, along with Senator Grassley, this major piece of  legislation, the American Innovation and Choice Online Act.   I will just begin by restating what a number of my colleagues have  said. These complaints about inflation are really totally misplaced as  applied to the Build Back Better legislation. In fact, the Build Back  Better legislation will drive down costs for Americans, make childcare  affordable and accessible, make preschool free and universal for all  Americans, and lower the cost of prescription drugs--for the first  time, a major piece of legislation to lower the cost of prescription  drugs for Americans and lower costs, as well, for energy and housing.  The ripple effects of these major steps in reducing costs for everyday  Americans will be profound and enduring.   To my colleagues who say on the floor today that this bill is  changing or complex, yes, it is complex because it is big and impactful  in lowering costs. And, yes, we have listened to Americans in making  improvements to the bill, and we will continue to listen to Americans.   Now, inflation also is tied to the bill that is before us, the  American Innovation and Choice Online Act. Competition is the lifeblood  of our economy. Competition is the way that prices are kept competitive  in benefits to consumers. Competition among businesses is the key.   Today, in our digital marketplaces, Big Tech in effect controls  access to consumers.   Go back to an earlier time in our country's history. After the Civil  War, we saw railroad tycoons use their monopolies to favor big, repeat  businesses, with costs to average Americans. They imposed  discriminatory terms on farmers and other businesses that needed access  to the rails in order to get their products to the public. The American  people wanted to do something about it. Congress did. In 1887, Congress  responded by passing the Interstate Commerce Act, which stopped  railroad monopolies from offering less favorable terms to smaller  businesses and farmers.   The analogy is not completely exact because we are dealing now with  Big Tech, but the principle is the same. Think of it as the big tech  companies controlling the means of delivery of goods and services. They  are the modern-day railroads. In our digital markets, they are dominant  gatekeepers with total control of essential online platforms. But, even  worse, they have another role as marketers of their own products on  those platforms. In other words, big tech companies own the railroads  of our digital economy, but they also compete with the economies  relying on those railroads to get their products to consumers.   Just a couple of weeks ago, in the Commerce Committee, the  Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, which I chair, a whistleblower  from Facebook described, to the disgust and dismay of most Americans,  how Big Tech is pushing disruptive and toxic content on children and  how they know it and profit from it and, in fact, know from their own  research and studies what the effects are of online bullying and eating  disorders and other harms that are conveyed.   Americans asked me, as they did many of my colleagues: What are you  going to do about it?   There are solutions--on privacy, on tools for parents, on other means  of holding Big Tech accountable--and one of them is to make sure that  antitrust laws are enforced and approved so that there are competing  apps that offer safer means of reaching children and other consumers.   Now, the app market is a place where these harms to consumers and  competition are starker than anywhere else. The mobile app market has  grown into a significant part of the digital economy. In 2020 alone,  U.S. consumers spent nearly $33 billion in mobile app stores,  downloading 13.4 billion apps.   We are all dependent on our phones as our gateway to our work, our  social lives, and education. But two companies, Apple and Google,  dictate the terms of this important market. They do it exclusively. Yet  they have those dual roles: first as gatekeepers of the dominant mobile  operating systems and their app stores; and, second, as participants on  those app stores.   And as with the railroad tycoons, Apple and Google abuse that  gatekeeper status to preference themselves and their business partners,  driving up their own profits--and consumers' costs--while shutting down  competition and stifling innovation. Higher costs, less innovation  means consumers are deprived of the benefits of competition.   As with the railroads, Congress needs to ensure that new entrants and  smaller companies can compete on fair terms. Today's digital tycoons  need new rules of the road that will protect other businesses, like  laws protected small farmers and small businesses  [[Page S7711]]  against the railroad tycoons. And these rules of the road need to  address the anti-competitive discrimination that is self-preferencing  across our app economy.   I have heard from app developers who have been unable to tell their  own customers about lower prices, unable to inform their own customers  about better prices from app developers whose ideas have been co-opted  by Apple and Google under their ``kill'' or ``copy'' strategy and who  are knee-capped by the onerous 30-percent rent fees that are charged to  them. And if app developers don't like the term, there is simply  nowhere else for them to go.   So I am indebted to Senator Klobuchar and Senator Blackburn for  coauthoring another bill with me. In August, I was proud to introduce  the Open App Markets Act, which would address anti-competitive  discrimination and self-preferencing.   I believe that it is critical that we pass that bill, as well as this  one, to set fair, clear, and enforceable rules to protect competition  and consumers within the app market.   Like in the app market, there are central gatekeepers in our digital  markets with enormous power and deep conflicts of interest. Amazon  alone, for example, controls as much as 70 percent of all United States  online marketplace sales. If you are a third-party business: Amazon can  stop you from contacting your own consumers; Amazon can rank its own  products ahead of you in search; Amazon can make sure that when a  consumer asks Alexa to buy a particular product, the consumer receives  Amazon products; Amazon can use its asymmetric access to data to engage  in a copy and kill strategy. It can replicate your successful products,  make the products themselves--often more cheaply, given their massive  size--and then rank the product at the top of the search bar. In  effect, they can make it impossible for you to compete on product  quality or price.   We have a rare opportunity to improve this abuse of power. We should  seize that opportunity with bipartisan support and help protect  American consumers and businesses.   I yield the floor.   