 I thank my friend for yielding and hosting tonight's  Special Order.   Quite a few of us have gone down to the border in the last several  weeks, and, Madam Speaker, we do have a crisis at the border. When I  say, a crisis, I mean an unmitigated crisis at the border.   We were at McAllen and going in to see the border crossing that night  and the people streaming across, the Border Patrol was probably going  to process over a thousand people that night. A thousand people.   The next morning, we were able to go to the Donna facility. And the  Donna facility, the best way to describe it, it is a canvas building,  you might say, a very nice building. It has air conditioning and all,  but it was only built to hold 250 people. The day we were there, there  were 3,500 people being housed there, the vast majority being kids.   We went into the pods they have. These pods are only supposed to hold  33 children. One held 412. Another had 450. And the week before there  were over 600 in one.   There is a problem; it is a crisis. But it is not being seen as a  crisis down at the White House. I implore the President and the Vice  President to go down there and see what is happening. It is absolutely  essential, because these children that are being held there, according  to what they say, they are supposed to only be there for 72 hours. Some  are being held for 3 weeks. One little girl was there for over 28 days.   So we do have a crisis at the border. It has got to be noted, and the  President and Vice President have to know it. It is absolutely  essential.   Let me just finish with this: The other thing that is happening, when  you take 40 percent of our Border Patrol offline and put them into the  facilities and also in processing, we have got drugs flowing across the  border. Last year we had 88,000 people in this country die of  overdoses. That is going up exponentially.   So let's get something done down there, Mr. President. It is  essential. We have got to do it today.   