 Mr. President, these are the last few words that Senator  Reed and I will say before the vote, and I want to mention something  that I haven't talked about as much as I probably should have.   First of all, the cooperation and working with Senator Reed and his  staff--this is a long enduring thing. It is hard for people to believe,  but we are actually starting on next year's bill now. We have already  started.   I thought I would mention something that hasn't been talked about as  much as it should have been talked about since we have suffered  arguably the worst cyber attack in American history. This is the most  significant piece of cyber legislation in American history. It contains  27 of our Cyberspace Solarium Commission recommendations. All 27 are in  this NDAA, to include provisions that are directly relevant to the  SolarWinds attack that would have allowed us to get ahead of this--most  notably by allowing decisive cyber security measures in DHS to begin  hunting for threats on dot-gov networks.   We have other recommendations to enhance our cyber resilience for our  nuclear command and control systems in this NDAA. Establishing a  national cyber director is in the NDAA, strengthening the size and  elevating his leadership, giving him more resources. I fear that the  SolarWinds attack is a harbinger of things to come. I am very proud of  the work our Commission has done, and the provisions are absolutely  critical.   The final thing I would say is that this is arguably the most serious  piece of legislation when it comes to deterring China that we have had  in decades, if not ever, including provisions such as the Pacific  Deterrence Initiative. This is kind of a followup to last year's  European Deterrence Initiative, where we are concentrating more on  Russia, but this is specific to China.   That is what the whole division of this bill is about--to enhance our  presence and our deterrence posture in the INDOPACOM provisions for  protecting against Chinese industrial espionage, more transparency for  Chinese military companies, reporting on Chinese United Front Work  Department in the United States and abroad, and the list goes on and  on. It is a very serious piece of legislation when it comes to  deterring China. That is one of the things we are concerned about.  China is our No. 1 threat and will be for perhaps, regrettably, decades  to come. So this bill brings us along to where we should be.   Once again, I want to say thanks for the effort that has gone into  this bill, the weekends, the hard work. Liz Cheney and John Bonsell, I  have to say, along with Jack Reed--they probably worked more weekends  than they have not worked weekends. So it has been a real effort.   It is the most important and significant piece of legislation that we  will pass, and this next vote is a very critical vote.   I will yield to Senator Reed for any comments he would like to make  about this. Keep in mind that this is a real--people talk about how the  Democrats and Republicans don't do things together. This has been an  example of what can happen in government.    I suggest that this is the most significant bill we have  passed in the last 59 years.   Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum call be waived with respect to the motion to invoke cloture on  the veto message on H.R. 6395, the NDAA.    Mr. President, we are going to go on to final passage,  and I just want to make one comment that this is a really significant  vote, not just because it is the NDAA and many of us contend, as I do,  every year that the NDAA is the most significant vote that we have, but  this year especially so in light of all the disruptions and problems  that we have had.   Once again, I want to say how great it has been to work and show the  American people that Democrats and Republicans can work together and  get significant legislation passed. I am very proud that we had this  bill, and I am proud to have worked with Senator Reed and his staff.   