 Mr. President, it is my understanding that Chairman Inhofe  is in route to provide his comments, and I just want to begin by  thanking him for his tremendous leadership. Without his dedication to a  bipartisan, thoughtful process, we would not be here today, and it is  the hallmark of his leadership throughout the years we have worked  together. I anticipate his arrival.    In order to expedite the vote, I will proceed.   Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the confirmation of  Lloyd Austin to be the Secretary of Defense of the United States.   General Austin is an exceptionally qualified leader with a long and  distinguished career in the U.S. military. He has served at the highest  echelons of the Army and capped his service as the commander of U.S.  Central Command. His character and integrity are unquestioned, and he  possesses the knowledge and skills to effectively lead the Pentagon.   The United States faces many complex security threats. If confirmed  as Secretary of Defense, General Austin will lead the Department during  a time when U.S. strategic priorities have shifted to focus  increasingly on near-peer competition with China and Russia. The  Department must also transform how it operates with an increased focus  on critical technologies like artificial intelligence, quantum  computing, biotechnology, and cyber security, while also emphasizing  rapid delivery of advanced new weapons systems on timelines that keep  pace with technological change.   In addition, President Biden must address the urgent and dire  challenges that few of us would have anticipated 4 years ago. Our  country is in the midst of a pandemic that has claimed hundreds of  thousands of lives and infected millions more and resulted in billions  in economic damage, and the virus is still not under control. Recently,  it was revealed that large segments of the Federal Government and major  companies were hacked by Russia. We are still trying to ascertain the  extent of the breach, but it could be the most significant cyber  intrusion in the history of our country or perhaps the world. This  event, too, should prompt us to move promptly to fill Cabinet positions  that are critical to our national security.   Unfortunately, the Department of Defense is adrift and in desperate  need of steadfast leadership. Over the course of the past 4 years,  there has been repeated turnover at senior levels of the Department and  a concerted effort to purposefully leave multiple civilian offices  unfilled, necessitating the installment of career or midlevel officials  into positions in an acting capacity.   Unlike other nominees for Cabinet positions, Congress must provide,  as Senator McConnell indicated, an exception for General Austin to  serve as Secretary of Defense. Under the current statute, individuals  are prohibited from appointment if they are within 7 years of military  service. Congress found itself in a similar situation 4 years ago when  President Trump nominated Gen. James Mattis to be the Secretary of  Defense.   Prior to General Austin's confirmation hearing, the Senate Armed  Services Committee held a hearing on civilian control of the Armed  Forces that focused on the erosion of civil-military relations. At the  hearing, valid concerns were raised about providing another waiver so  soon after Secretary Mattis. However, at his nomination hearing earlier  this week, General Austin pledged his commitment to repairing civil- military relations while also empowering civilian personnel within the  Department of Defense. These are critical commitments by General Austin  and ones that I support.   Therefore, yesterday I voted in favor of the legislation to provide  General Austin with an exception to serve as Secretary of Defense, and  I was pleased the legislation received strong bipartisan support.   General Austin is an outstanding choice to serve as Secretary of  Defense. I am proud to support his nomination, given the unique  challenges we face. I think from now on, in a few moments, we can refer  to him as Secretary Austin, which is the appropriate title for his  role.   With that, I yield the floor to my colleague, the chairman.   