 As a child of the Bronx who grew up in the  projects, I was often too scared to come out of the closet, too blinded  by fear to see clearly my own value, my own equality. My younger self  could have never imagined standing on the floor of the House as a  Member of Congress, voting for legislation that, if enacted, would make  me equal in the eyes of the law.   As the first LGBTQ Afro-Latino Member of Congress, I feel palpably  the weight of history on my shoulders. On behalf of my community, I am  here to claim what discrimination denies: equal protection under the  law.   Indeed, we are here to uphold the abiding truth of the American  experiment, that we are all created equal and that none of us should be  evicted, fired, or denied accommodations and services simply because of  who we are and because of whom we love.    We are equal by nature, and we ought to be equal by law. The logic of  equality is as simple as that.   Yesterday, a Member of Congress said that the Equality Act was  ``disgusting, evil, immoral.'' I wish to set the record straight.   What is truly immoral and disgusting and evil is discrimination. It  always has been, and it always will be. Discrimination denies us our  deepest humanity. The profound degradation it causes has no place in a  society that pledges liberty and justice for all.   So I hope that my colleagues, all of them, will find the moral  courage to uphold what the Declaration of Independence promises and  what the Equality Act delivers: life, liberty, and the pursuit of  happiness for all of us, without exception, without discrimination.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Teresa for those kind  words.   I have the honor of representing New York 15, the South Bronx, which  is often said to be the poorest congressional district in America. The  unemployment rate in the South Bronx can be as high as 25 percent  compared to 5 percent in the Upper East Side, so we are living through  a tale of two cities.   But COVID-19 has shown the South Bronx to be the essential  congressional district. It is the home of essential workers who put  their lives at risk during the peak of the pandemic so that the rest of  us could safely shelter in place. We owe it to those workers to give  them a fighting chance at a decent and dignified life.   Our society will be judged by how we treat the most essential among  us. There is a gap between the value of what our essential workers do  and how poorly we treat them and how poorly we pay them. Bridging that  essential gap is one of the great moral imperatives of our time.   Raising the minimum wage is long overdue. The minimum wage in America  has been lagging behind inflation. It has been lagging behind the  productivity of the American workforce. It has been lagging behind the  historic average.   We have gone more than a decade, the longest we have ever gone,  without raising the minimum wage by even a cent. By every metric,  whether it is inflation or productivity or the historic average or the  length of time that we have gone without raising the minimum wage, it  is time to finally lift the minimum wage for the most essential workers  among us.   The statistics are clear that raising the minimum wage would lift  900,000 Americans out of poverty. It would raise incomes for 17,000  Americans.   For me, the minimum wage is exactly that. It is the minimum of what  we should do for our most essential workers. If we fail to raise the  minimum wage, then shame on us. Shame on us for failing to do right by  the essential workers who did right by all of us in our moment of  greatest need.    Mr. Speaker, she is exactly right. The  promise of America is that if you work hard and play by the rules, then  you should have access to a decent, dignified life. Too many of our  essential workers are paid starvation wages.   You have people who are doing everything right. They are working  their heart out for the country and for their families, and they are  struggling to survive because the cost of living in America, especially  in cities like New York, is spiraling out of control.   So the promise of America is broken as long as we continue to pay our  most essential workers poverty wages. It is no longer defensible.    Mr. Speaker, we cannot simply honor our  essential workers with hollow words. We, as a country, have to put our  money where our mouth is and do right by them.   