 Madam President, I want to visit this evening on the  Senate floor and take this opportunity to recognize a public servant, a  leader, our former Secretary of the Army, the Honorable Ryan D.  McCarthy. Secretary McCarthy led our Nation's Army from September 30,  2019, to January 20, 2021, and during that time, he made it a more  modern, agile, and lethal fighting force.   We have worked together on a number of projects for Kansans and those  who serve or have served our Nation during his tenure as Secretary,  Acting Secretary, and Under Secretary of the Army, and I have grown to  consider him a good, solid friend.   One of my most memorable experiences in the Senate was visiting the  1st Infantry Division soldiers in Germany and Poland--soldiers who come  from Fort Riley, KS--with the Secretary, followed by our trip to  Afghanistan to meet with troops on the frontlines in the global War on  Terror. Those visits marked the beginning of our friendship, and since  then, I have appreciated his guidance and his support during his  [[Page S121]]  visits to Kansas and our many discussions here in our Nation's Capital.   In 2019, Secretary McCarthy joined me in Kansas to visit Seitz  Elementary School, which serves the families of the Big Red One  soldiers on Fort Riley. Secretary McCarthy was instrumental in helping  to find funding for this school in 2011 when he was the Special  Assistant to Defense Secretary Robert Gates, a Kansan. I was pleased he  joined me in Kansas to visit the school--and its students--that he  helped create in 2019. We also met with Fort Riley leadership and then  traveled to Wichita to visit defense manufacturing and academic leaders  to discuss the future of Army procurement.   These personal touch points with soldiers and with the Army community  were some of the reasons why Secretary McCarthy was universally  respected within the Army family.   While I will always appreciate our personal engagements with  soldiers, I will also remember our efforts to support soldiers and  veterans when they step off the battlefield or separate from military  service.   This past Veterans Day, we coauthored an editorial that discussed our  parallel efforts to support the mental health and well-being of  soldiers and veterans. Reports show Americans across the country are  feeling isolated and alone in today's socially distanced environment,  including our Nation's service men and women and veteran populations.  Between my efforts as chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee to implement the Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental  Health Care Improvement Act and Secretary McCarthy's effort to build  interpersonal connections between soldiers, we are working to give  soldiers and veterans the tools they need to overcome mental health  challenges they face.   As Secretary McCarthy transitions out of the watchful eye of public  life, I rise this evening to express my appreciation for his  leadership, his character, and his moral compass. He never let politics  or convenience influence his decisions, and that has significantly  benefited soldiers, Army civilians, veterans, and Kansans across the  Nation.   As the chairman and now ranking member of the Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee, I will always strive to help veterans find success  after service.   Secretary McCarthy, I have no doubts that you will find success and  happiness after your dedicated service to our country. I thank your  family for their support of your public service. I know that you and  your family will find a quality life with purpose and meaning as you  enter the next phase.   I yield the floor.   