 Madam President, a week from today, we will be  celebrating Memorial Day. I know folks back home probably have some fun  things planned for the long weekend--cookouts, family gatherings, maybe  even a trip to the beach.   But while Memorial Day is a joyous, carefree weekend for many  families, it is a reminder of what they lost--a father, a mother,  husband, or a wife, a son, daughter, brother, sister, a family member,  a friend that cannot be replaced.   Our Gold Star families have given a great sacrifice to our country. I  have been there myself. My father served in World War II, driving a  tanker across Europe. He earned five Bronze Stars and a Purple Heart.  After the war, he died on Active Duty.   And I still miss him today. I am forever grateful that he, like so  many folks from his generation, put on that uniform. They enlisted, not  knowing whether they would ever come home. Many of them--hundreds of  thousands--did not.   But they knew what they were doing was worth the danger. They knew  the United States of America and all she stood for was worth defending.  They earned the title of the ``greatest generation.''   I will be introducing a resolution this week honoring the immense  sacrifice of the ``greatest generation'' and not just those who put on  the uniform. This resolution recognizes the millions of Americans who  worked in the factories, bought war bonds, and donated their pots,  pans, and more to a war effort. We owe the ``greatest generation'' a  debt we can never fully repay.   I want to take a moment to thank Mr. Sam Romano from Vestavia Hills,  AL, for advocating on behalf of the ``greatest generation'' and his  contributions to this resolution.   Today, we have more than a million Active-Duty service men and women  who continue to defend our freedoms. They, too, stand ready to answer  the call when evil threatens America. They, too, stand ready to give  their lives to defend their country, if need be.   The United States stands on the foundation of generations of service  men and women who gave their lives to defend their country. Their  sacrifices created the most free and prosperous country in the history  of the world.   We are not perfect, far from it, but our unique system of government  is distinguished from any other--``of the people, by the people, and  for the people.'' That is why I stand for the flag and for our national  anthem because for the last 250 years, men and women have given their  lives for all this flag represents. They gave their lives to defend our  right to make our country better.   The continued service of our military allows us to have that barbecue  this weekend. Their service allows us to gather freely with family and  friends, to think, to worship, and live how we want to. Memorial Day  reminds us that our freedom and prosperity comes at a cost.   So for this upcoming Memorial Day weekend, I would encourage all of  us to take a moment to remember what we are celebrating: the brave men  and women who laid down their lives for ours. Let's honor our soldiers'  sacrifice by keeping our country strong and upholding the values they  gave their lives to defend.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   