 Mr. President, why is there such an increase in violent  crimes in American cities?   In New York City, the murder rate is up 37 percent from 2 years ago;  in Atlanta, 53 percent from 2019. In Portland, OR, murders have  increased over 500 percent.   So everybody is asking: What is going on?   Well, if you were to ask President Biden, he would say the usual  rhetoric about how we need more gun control. The White House recently  put out a so-called strategy to reduce crimes.   What is the first thing that the President wants to do about this  issue? Go after rogue gun dealers. Well, we all know gun dealers must  follow the law, like doing background checks. We all agree on that. But  I don't think anyone truly believes that legal gun dealers are  responsible for the sudden spike in violent crime, including our own  Department of Justice.   Referring to a Department of Justice 2019 report, inmates who  committed a gun crime most likely got their weapons from the black  market--no background checks there. In fact, according to this report,  only about 1 in 50 Federal inmates got a gun from a legal firearms  dealer.   Speaking of which, if Democrats really want to protect Americans from  illegal gun sales, they should support my bill, the Protecting  Communities and Preserving the Second Amendment Act, which would  actually do that.   But getting back to the recent crime wave, the real problem is what  everyone knows but many of my friends on the left dare not say. The  real problem is that for the past 14 months, police officers across the  country have been vilified for doing their job, which has led to many  of those same police leaving their job. In addition, liberal  communities--and everybody knows most of our big cities of America are  run by Democratic mayors--reduced the police forces and even reduced  prosecutions. The result is that in San Francisco, for example, as you  see on television, shoplifting appears to be a way of life.   Some police have pulled back from making sure that we are all safe  because in too many cities, elected officials don't have their backs.   Last year, Attorney General Barr enacted Operation Legend, which  paired Federal law enforcement officers up with local police in nine  cities where crimes were soaring. This led to the arrest of 6,000  violent criminals by the end of last year, including hundreds of  murderers.   Now, does this White House have the will to support law enforcement  so the police can make our streets safer? Does the President have their  backs?   Recently, the President's spokesperson said it was the Republicans  who wanted to defund the police, not the Democrats. And that is just  plain untrue and everybody knows it. What they were trying to say is  that Republicans didn't support the Democrats' irresponsible spending  bill back in March.   That is not defunding the police. That is just being fiscally  responsible. It is not Republicans who say things like: ``No more  policing, incarceration, or militarization. It can't be reformed,'' or  words like ``defunding the police means defunding the police.''   Let me give you another example. The push to take resources away from  law enforcement is alive and well over in the House. A couple of weeks  ago, the Senate passed three bills that would support police. The first  one is the Protecting America's First Responders Act. That bill makes  sure seriously injured first responders or their widows and children  get the benefits that they are entitled to.   The second bill, the COPS Counseling Act, creates a zone of privacy  for police officers so that they can have counseling sessions for  traumatic experiences and protect their privacy.   A third bill, the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila Federal Officers  Protection Act, makes it clear that killing a law enforcement officer  overseas is a crime in the United States.   The Senate passed these bills because when it comes to law  enforcement, we have their backs.   But right now, Democratic leadership in the House is preventing a  vote on these bills. Why? I don't know. They are bipartisan bills that  should easily pass with resounding support. If you are with me on  funding the police, I know you will support these bills. If the  President wants to reduce crime, he should tell our police: Go out  there. Patrol our streets. We have your back.   I yield the floor.   