 Madam Speaker, this is complete madness that  the Democrats are trying to push through a deeming resolution to spend  $1.5 trillion, and they have yet to even bring it up in the debate.   They want the American people to believe that what we are about to  vote on on this floor right now is a bill that  [[Page H2719]]  is in Financial Services or a bill that is in Foreign Affairs. But yet  they are trying to pass a resolution to bypass the budget process to  spend $1.5 trillion.   The Democrats have been in power for almost 900 days, and they have  yet to put a real budget on the floor of the House of Representatives,  even though the Budget Control Act of 1974 clearly states the process.   What is it? What are you trying to hide? Why don't you want debate  over $1.5 trillion of spending? Why are you hiding it from the American  people? Why are you being so dishonest?   $1.5 trillion is a lot of money. Your President submitted a budget  just 2 weeks ago, the latest budget in the history of the United  States. Are you not wanting to debate it? Are you not wanting to  discuss it? Because the Speaker said the budget is a statement of your  values. Show us your values.   You don't want the American people to see your values because in the  President's budget, the largest amount of spending in the history of  this country, $69 trillion, you are putting $80 billion to hire 87,000  IRS auditors to go after the American people. The largest tax increases  in the history of the United States. $55 trillion. Tax increases on low  income, middle income, all incomes. It is the big lie.   But you know what? Across-the-board average increases on everything  by at least a 16-percent increase except for things that deal with  security: Our men and women in uniform, flatlining our national  defense. Not one additional dollar could be found for border security  when we are facing the Biden border crisis right now.   More people have illegally crossed the southern border since January  20 than the entire population of Kansas City, Missouri, and you all  can't find one additional dollar? It is because you are divided within  your party. You all are fighting to defund the police. You are fighting  to defund our men and women in the Army, the National Guard, the Navy,  the Air Force. Where are your priorities?    Madam Speaker, where are your party's  priorities in defunding the police, defunding our military? Put this  legislation on the floor. Don't try to put it in one sentence, one  sentence in a rule.   We are 3\1/2\ months from a government shutdown, 3\1/2\ months. Let's  pass a budget, a budget that was supposed to be passed by April 15,  according to the law. April 15. Let's prevent this government shutdown.   But yet, Madam Speaker, your side is trying to hide $1.5 trillion.    Madam Speaker, I will just plead to the House  Democrats, I will plead to you, Madam Speaker, please be transparent  with the American people. We don't want a government shutdown.   But the fact that you won't even bring forth a budget to be debated,  your President's budget, you will not bring it to the House floor  because you don't want the American people to see exactly how you are  trying to destroy the working class, to raise taxes on the low-income  and the working class, to put 87,000 tax auditors to go after the  working class.   The people see it. They see right through it. And history will  definitely, definitely not read well for the House Democrats.   