 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Five years ago, 49 people were murdered in a violent, hate-filled, mass  shooting at an LGBTQ nightclub in Orlando, the Pulse nightclub. I thank  Congressman Soto for his leadership and our colleagues, Congresswoman  Murphy and Congresswoman Demings. I, too, had the opportunity to go to  the site and to read the beautiful notes written about the young lives  that were taken that night, and the very special place that Pulse was.   I was, in fact, in Florida this weekend with Barbara Poma, the owner  of the Pulse nightclub, who was leading an effort to turn this site  into not only a sacred place, but a museum. I shared with her what for  young LGBTQ people nightclubs were and still are, a place of sanctuary,  a safe place where people can be themselves where they go to dance, to  be with friends, and to share a sense of community. That was all  shattered by the brutality of the events of the evening in which this  occurred.   This shooting was an act of terror and an act of hate. It left the  Nation really grasping for answers. In the days that followed, we heard  stories of incredible courage, bravery, and resolve. But mostly, there  was unspeakable pain for those who lost someone in this attack.   Although I pray that the passage of 5 years has brought some measure  of relief, the truth is that their pain will never fully go away. It is  critical to designate this memorial today so that our country never  forgets those who were lost. Congressman Soto will remember we had on  the steps of the Capitol a beautiful remembrance with full-sized  photographs of each of these young people who had so much to give and  so much to offer whose lives were taken that night.   But in addition to remembering, it is also important that we take  action to do everything we can to make sure that nothing like this ever  happens again. Individuals who are convicted of hate crimes should  never own a gun, and that is why I plan to reintroduce the Disarm Hate  Act to do just that, because we know if you commit a hate crime, it  often escalates and those crimes become increasingly violent as time  goes on. No American family should have to suffer because of the  loophole that currently exists today. Let's disarm hate once and for  all.   Today, we remember the 49 young lives lost at the Pulse nightclub in  Orlando. Let's be sure that we designate this memorial officially, so  that everyone will know the story of what happened to these young  people who were killed because they were in a place of sanctuary, and  safety, and community, but because they were members of the LGBTQ  community, our allies.   Madam Speaker, I thank again the gentleman for yielding and for his  incredible leadership on this issue, and I urge all my colleagues to  vote ``yes.''   