 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  National Apprenticeship Act.   Like so many issues we debate here, we have a common desire to help  the American people, but we disagree about how to go about doing it.   In today's case, it is apprenticeships. We agree apprenticeships are  incredible pathways to success. An amazing 94 percent of apprentices  are employed after completing registered apprenticeships with good- paying salaries.  [[Page H413]]    I know in my situation, when I owned my own business, apprenticeships  were a great way for people to become employed in our business.  However, only a small fraction of the workforce participates in the  registered programs. This is because the Department of Labor's  apprenticeship program is too burdensome and prescriptive for the  actual needs of American businesses.   The diversity and variety of American businesses is a highlight of  our economy and essential to our constant innovation. If a business has  created an apprenticeship model that meets their needs, that should be  celebrated and not forced into the Department of Labor's model.   Rather than update the outdated program that was created in 1937 to  fit the needs of our modern economy, this bill would double down on  this one-size-fits-all Federal registered apprenticeship system.   The previous administration recognized the need for flexible  apprenticeships by creating an Industry-Recognized Apprenticeship  Program. This would have allowed for third-party certifiers to approve  apprenticeships that are responsive to employer and workforce needs.  Instead, this legislation fails to anticipate the future of  apprenticeship programs in a 21st century economy.   What is worse is it picks winners and losers by favoring  apprenticeship grants for those who partner with labor organizations  rather than awarding them based on merit. This would severely limit and  stifle our ability to meet the needs for our future.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution so we don't leave  behind future apprenticeship opportunities.   