 Mr. President, I am joined on the floor today by my  colleague from Missouri, Senator Blunt, and we rise today to welcome  the FIFA World Cup selection committee to Kansas City and to express  our strong support for Kansas City's bid to serve as the 2026 World Cup  host city.   I express my gratitude to the leadership of Mayor Quinton Lucas and  to the leadership of Kathy Nelson from the Kansas City sporting  authority, the president and CEO.   Our community, our joint community--Kansas City, people may know, is  on two sides of the State line--the Missouri side of the State line and  the Kansas side of the State line. Sometimes we are rivals, but in many  instances, we are allies and friends, and that is the circumstance we  are here today.   Kansas City boasts a rich history of both professional and amateur  sports. Kansas City is the home of the National Collegiate Basketball  Hall of Fame; the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum; as well as the 2020  Super Bowl champions, the Kansas City Chiefs; the 2015 World Series  champions, the Kansas City Royals; and the two-time Major League Soccer  Cup champions, Sporting KC. It is also the hometown of our world- renowned football coach, Ted Lasso.   Sporting KC has energized the region's diverse and passionate soccer  fan base--a fan base that I am confident is ready to pack up their bags  and head to Arrowhead Stadium, the loudest stadium in the world, to  cheer on the U.S. men's national team and other nations that compete  there.   Soccer has become an even larger part of the culture of Kansas City  after U.S. Soccer's National Development Center officially opened in  Kansas City, KS, in May of 2018. The NDC is the perfect location--the  perfect location--for any team to recover, practice, and prepare for  their upcoming matches.   Spanning more than 50 acres, this 81,000-square-foot, state-of-the- art practice, education, and medical facility includes three natural  grass fields and two artificial turf fields, with a two-story coaching  pavilion, and houses the Children's Mercy Sports Medicine Center.   Kansas City has been host to other major sporting events. The city  regularly welcomes thousands and thousands of fans for events such as  the Big 12 men's NCAA basketball championship and the NCAA March  Madness and will be the location for the 2023 National Football  League--the NFL--Draft.   Due to major investment in Kansas City's transportation and  infrastructure--something that both Senator Blunt and I and our  colleagues, Senator Hawley and Senator Marshall, have worked on--Kansas  City is well equipped to support soccer fans from around the globe.  They will be welcomed at a brandnew Kansas City International Airport,  which is currently undergoing a $1.5 billion renovation restart for a  state-of-the-art terminal that is scheduled to be completed in 2023.   In 2020, Kansas City also became the first major metropolitan area to  offer bus transportation free of charge. Additionally, the Kansas City  Streetcar offers free fares with stops just a short walk from many  magnificent dining and dynamic entertaining experiences in Kansas City.   Early in my postcollege career, I had an office in downtown Kansas  City. The circumstances of Kansas City today and that long time ago  when I was a worker in downtown Kansas City are significantly  different. The entertainment opportunities are immense--the  [[Page S7099]]  arrival of a major, magnificent Sprint Center; hotels, new, large,  elegant--all have arrived in Kansas City in just the last few years.   I am confident the entire Kansas City region is ready to make the  2026 FIFA World Cup a resounding success and is excited to add this  prestigious tournament to its sporting history.   Again, we welcome the World Cup selection committee to Kansas City  today and to the State of Kansas and to the State of Missouri. We  welcome them. They are being welcomed to a world-class city known for  its heartland hospitality.   I yield to the Senator from Missouri.   