 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida, my  good friend, for yielding and for creating this opportunity.   Madam Speaker, just a short time ago America was energy independent.  The American people had access to affordable energy and the U.S. led  the world in carbon emissions reductions. What a difference 1 year and  one administration can make, Madam Speaker.   Americans are paying the most they have paid at the pump since 2014,  gasoline prices are up 45 percent in Pennsylvania. With winter fast  approaching, home heating prices are projected to rise even above 50  percent--54 percent for some American households.   The Biden administration's solution is to literally double down on  the failed energy policies. This is creating national security issues  and real issues for every American, and certainly every Pennsylvanian.   Along the way, some of the solutions from the Biden administration  have been to beg Russia and OPEC countries to please produce and ship  more, to tap the strategic oil reserve--which is a reserve for  emergencies and catastrophes, meanwhile, it is yielding only 3 days'  worth of oil--and a proposed increased cost to produce oil and gas on  Federal lands.   With actions like this, we shouldn't be surprised when we hear the  White House press secretary argue that higher gas prices somehow  highlight the need for the rapid transition to clean energy. This is  ridiculous. It is woke gone mad and it is quite deliberately  manipulative.   President Biden and his administration have virtually done everything  in their power to decimate domestic fuel production by holding up the  Keystone pipeline, pausing the oil and gas leasing on U.S. lands, and  actually even discouraging our banks from investing in traditional  forms of energy and production.   So out of respect for time, we can all appreciate the goal for a  cleaner environment and reduction in carbon emissions, but it must be  done in a manner that is economically feasible and not damaging to the  American people and our constituents who we are supposed to be  representing.   