 Thank you, Mr. President. The mob violence and attack  we saw on our Capitol today should be a wake-up call to each and every  one of us of what happens when we fail to come together, not as  Democrats and Republicans but each of us as Americans, to stand up to a  President who time and again has shown contempt for our democracy,  contempt for our Constitution.   Today, here on the Capitol, we witnessed people taking down an  American flag and putting up a Trump flag. That is not democracy in the  United States of America.   As every Senator who has spoken has mentioned, we have for hundreds  of years had a peaceful transfer of power. Nobody likes to lose, and  supporters of the losing candidate are always disappointed. What is  different this time?   We all know what is different this time. We have a President who, as  the Senator from New Jersey said, even before a vote was cast, that if  he didn't win the election, it was going to be a fraud and every day  since then has perpetrated that lie.   We have a President who just today criticized the very loyal Vice  President, who is presiding right now, urging him to disregard his  responsibilities under the Constitution of the United States in order  to reinstall Donald Trump as President; the same person who got on the  phone to the secretary of state in Georgia and threatened him to change  the results of the election.   Mr. President, I read something this week I never thought I would  read in a newspaper in the United States of America. It was an op-ed by  all the living former Secretaries of Defense, including Secretaries  Rumsfeld, Cheney, and Mattis, warning--warning--the country about our  tradition of peaceful transfer of power and that it would be  inappropriate for the military to take sides in the United States of  America. We talk to the world about how we want to promote democracy  and our values, and right here at home too many are undermining those  values.   Mr. President, Donald Trump could not do this alone. He could only do  it if he is aided and abetted by individuals  [[Page S28]]  who are willing to perpetrate those lies and those conspiracies, and  that is why it is so important that we as Democrats and Republicans and  Senators stand up together--stand up together and tell the truth. You  know when you go into a court of law, like those 60 cases, you are  testifying under penalty of perjury. That is very different than here  in the House and the Senate, and in all those 60 cases, under penalty  of perjury, there was no evidence of widespread fraud. So it should be  easy for us all together to tell the truth.   On January 20, Joe Biden will be sworn in as the next President of  the United States. He has said he wants to bring the country together.  He has said he wants to bring Democrats and Republicans together to do  some of the pressing business of this country, to defeat this pandemic,  to get the economy going again, to face challenging issues of racial  and social justice. I hope we will learn from what happened today--the  mob attack on this Capitol--the price we pay when we don't stand up for  the truth and for democracy.   James McHenry, Maryland's delegate to the Constitutional Convention,  wrote about a famous exchange in his diaries between Elizabeth Willing  Powel and Benjamin Franklin. A lady asked Dr. Franklin, ``Well, Doctor,  what have we got, a Republic or a monarchy?'' ``A republic,'' replied  Dr. Franklin, ``if you can keep it.''   My colleagues, this is a test of whether we unite to keep our  Republic. I hope we will pass the test together. Thank you   