 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since my first day here in the Senate-- and even before that--one of the issues I have been working to address  is how my own home State of Georgia, where State leaders have been  digging in their heels, refusing to expand Medicaid--how it is that  citizens can somehow provide affordable healthcare to their families-- nearly 500,000 Georgians who are uninsured. They are in the Medicaid  gap.   That is why last week I introduced the Medicaid Saves Lives Act,  legislation that would create a program almost identical to Medicaid  that is administered by the Federal Government and would allow people  in States like Georgia who have not expanded Medicaid, an alternative  path to health coverage because we know that Medicaid literally saves  lives.   I was proud to introduce this legislation with my colleagues Senators  Baldwin and Ossoff and that it has the support of healthcare  stakeholders in Georgia and from across the country. Entities like the  Georgia Hospital Association and the Grady Health System understand how  expanding Medicaid in Georgia will improve health outcomes across the  State, strengthen our rural hospitals and healthcare workforce, and  create good-paying jobs.   Medicaid saves lives and also saves jobs. As it turns out, the right  thing to do is also the smart thing to do. And so I am glad that this  plan is on its way to being included in the forthcoming economic  package, and I am going to do everything I can to keep pushing to make  sure that it happens.   But today, I come to the Senate floor to talk not so much about  policy as much as to talk about the people behind the policy efforts  that we lift up. We should always endeavor to see the human face of the  public policy we put forward.   So I want to talk today about Cynthia English. She is a truckdriver  in Albany, GA. It is a town in the southern rural part of our State.  Cynthia turns 46 in just a few days. Her birthday, actually, is this  coming Saturday.   Happy birthday, Cynthia.   Cynthia, a hard-working woman, suffers from diabetes and  hypertension. She says that she has previously applied for Medicaid and  other healthcare programs but has been repeatedly denied because she  does not have any children. She does not have any dependents. So she  has been denied, in spite of her relatively low income. She is in the  coverage gap.   She says that those denials made her feel like she couldn't get any  type of help. In fact, Cynthia says that in the past, her diabetes and  her blood pressure have had her in ``real bad shape,'' so much so that  complications with her diabetes once sent her to the emergency room.   Think about the cost of that for her and for all of us, unable to get  the kind of routine care that all of us need but especially if you have  a chronic illness like hypertension or diabetes. It doesn't make sense  for her or for us that she is in this situation. Without health  insurance, Cynthia says she couldn't go to the doctor and that, due to  the cost, it was hard to pay for medication. To put it bluntly, as  Cynthia said, when you are sick in Georgia, ``they still really don't  help you if you don't have any health insurance or Medicaid.''   Thankfully, Cynthia was able to find the Good Samaritan Clinic in  Albany. As a pastor, I have to say that is a good name for a clinic,  the Good Samaritan Clinic, in Albany. It offers healthcare to people  like her in the coverage gap. She has been able to receive care for her  conditions, including a pinched nerve in her neck and back caused by  sciatica, another condition that went undiagnosed for far too long  because of her lack of health insurance.   If it wasn't for the Good Samaritan Clinic, Cynthia says she wouldn't  be here. But it is still not enough--grateful for them, but that is not  enough. That clinic does amazing work, but that is not enough.   In other States, Cynthia would be eligible for Medicaid. According to  Cynthia, having additional support provided by Medicaid would help her  pay for her medications and get all the care that she needs. A hard- working woman, doing all the right things, cannot get the coverage that  she needs.   So behind the public policy, we have to remember the stories of real  people, people like Cynthia, because there are millions of Cynthias in  Georgia and across our Nation who need the Medicaid Saves Lives Act.  Until we get this done, I am going to keep lifting up Cynthia's story  and the stories of other Georgians who would benefit from this critical  lifesaving legislation   I yield the floor.   