 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   This resolution establishes a select committee to investigate the  January 6 attack on the Capitol. After Speaker Pelosi's first attempt  at a commission failed to pass the Senate, she is now pushing a  resolution to create, what will be by its very nature, a very partisan  select committee.   The outcome of this investigation has, in fact, already been written.  The Democrats have been publicly excoriating President Trump for  months. They claim we need to understand the root cause of what  happened on January 6, but the truth is, they have already laid the  blame.   I was concerned that the commission that the Speaker previously  attempted to create would, in fact, have been very partisan in nature.  That is why I and many other Members of this body and Members of the  Senate voted against her resolution.   The Speaker attempted to establish what she claimed would be a  bipartisan commission to investigate the events of January 6 modeled  after the 9/11 Commission, but there are some key differences between  the two.   The 9/11 Commission focused on a foreign attack on the homeland. The  proposed January 6 commission would have focused on a purely domestic  event.   The fact pattern for these two events is entirely different. For the  9/11 Commission we did not definitely know at the outset who had  perpetrated that attack. Unfortunately, as we know, Democrats have  already laid the blame for the January 6 attack before any  investigative body has been established.   The staff composition for the Speaker's proposed January 6 commission  mirrored that of the 9/11 Commission, however, the January 6 commission  would have ultimately been one party investigating the other. The  biggest concern of Republicans is that only one staff would have served  the entire January 6 commission. In an inherently partisan  investigation, Congress should authorize two separate staffs to serve  the Members of each party. And, in fact, I attempted to amend that  original resolution at the Rules Committee but was turned away.   Whether or not you blame President Trump for the events of January 6,  the fact remains that the incident was a massive security failure.   Why were our United States Capitol Police Officers, who sacrifice  every day to protect us, caught so unprepared?   Why did the National Guard take so long to mobilize when the threat  was clear?   What was known by our intelligence agencies and the Sergeant at Arms  in the days leading up to January 6?   These are the questions that need answering if we are truly going to  be focused on preventing another security failure. And I won't  reiterate the litany that the gentlewoman from Minnesota has already  elucidated.   If we don't do it, it is not that there are no investigations; the  investigations are ongoing. The Department of Justice--the FBI has a  major investigation, as has already been pointed out. 500 people are  incarcerated and waiting adjudication, waiting for their day in court.   I am disappointed that the Democrats remain fixated on laying blame,  rather than investigating how we can better prepare our United States  Capitol Police and our other Federal response forces to face future  threats. There will be future threats. For these reasons, I urge  opposition to this resolution.   