 Mr. President, C.J. Brown was 7 years old. He was a  second grader at Clarksdale Collegiate academy in Mississippi.  Clarksdale, MS, is a relatively small town of 15,000 people. Everybody  knows each other in Clarksdale. C.J. was described as a really bright  young student. His principal and director at his school said that he  was a great student. He was always cheerful and friendly to his  classmates and teachers.   Clarksdale is reeling right now because just a few weeks ago, on  October 12, little C.J. Brown was sitting in a car outside of a  laundromat, and he was shot to death. The owner of a nearby corner  store, the Tiger Mart, said that C.J. and his mom and his little sister  used to come in all the time, friendly as can be, chatting up a storm.  The owner of that little convenience store said that he considered C.J.  and his mom and his little sister to be family.   You can say that C.J. was in the wrong place at the wrong time--a 7- year-old kid in a car outside of a laundromat shot to death--but he  wasn't. He was in the right place at the right time. He was in what  should have been a safe place his hometown, just sitting in a car.  [[Page S7359]]    That day, there were three shootings over 5 hours in this small town  of Clarksdale. C.J. wasn't the only victim, but his death made news  because he was 7 years old, and now he is gone.   The problem is, this story isn't the exception; it is the rule,  increasingly so, across this country. For the last 8 years, I have come  down to the floor with a chart that looks very much like this. In fact,  I think this is the chart that I have displayed for about 5 years  straight. I come down here every few weeks--sometimes, in busier times,  every month or so--and I tell the story of men and women and children,  often like C.J., to try to rattle the conscience of this body to do  something about the epidemic of gun violence in this country.   These numbers in and of themselves are stunning. This is my old chart  showing 36,000 people a year are killed by gunshot wounds--3,000 a  month, 100 people day. There is no other nation in the high-income  world that has anything approaching these numbers when it comes to gun  violence. But these numbers are irrelevant now because what has  happened over the last year and a half is a story unto itself.   Gun violence rates have spiked during the pandemic. In fact, the  increase in 2020 was the biggest in 60 years from year to year. So I  now have to bring a new chart to the floor. This one that I have used  for 5 years now is irrelevant because no longer are 36,000 people dying  a year from gunshot wounds. No longer are we losing 3,000 a month or  100 a day. We are now losing 40,000 a year, 3,300 a month, 110 people a  day.   You can say: Well, that is a small increase. A hundred people used to  die from gunshot wounds a day; now only 110 people a day.   That is 10 more families every single day, like the family of C.J.  Brown, who have lost a loved one, often in the prime of their life, to  a preventable crime that happens nowhere else at this frequency amongst  our high-income peers.   What is interesting about 2020, though, is that overall crime rates  didn't spike like gun homicides did. In fact, over all, major crimes in  2020 in this country went down, but gun homicides went up. There were  5,000 more gun homicides in 2020 than in 2019.   What is going on if major crimes are going down but gun homicides are  going up? The story is likely complicated, but at the heart of it is  this: More guns equals more crime. Forget the mythology that tells you  that if you buy a gun, you are going to use that gun to protect  yourself, that you are going to use it against an intruder or somebody  who is trying to do harm to you. No. The data is the data. You can't  get around it. It shows that for every community that has a 1-percent  increase in gun ownership, what comes with it is a 1-percent increase  in gun homicides. The more guns you have, the more likely that you are  to have days like October 12, 2021, in Clarksdale, MS.   But there is more data to prove this point. What is interesting is  that over the last 10 years, more and more homicides in this country  are gun homicides. Ten years ago, about two-thirds of all homicides in  this country involved a gun. But we have had more and more and more  guns being purchased over the last 10 years. It used to be that maybe  only 32 percent of households had a gun. Today, that number is 39  percent. So we have a lot more households with guns.   We had record numbers of guns bought in 2020. In March of 2020, for  the first time, the background check system registered 1 million  checks. Never before has this country had more guns bought and sold  than in 2020. Not coincidentally, today, the number of homicides that  involve a gun isn't two-thirds any longer; it is three-quarters. It  went from 67 percent in a decade to 77 percent. More guns equals more  homicides. More guns equals a greater number of violent crimes being  perpetuated with guns. The data is the data. You can't get around it.    You think you are making yourself safer by bringing a gun into your  house, but more often than not, that gun is going to be used to harm  you or a loved one than it is against someone who is trying to do harm  to you.   Many of these guns end up very quickly becoming illegal guns because  they may at first be sold through a licensed gun dealer, but pretty  soon, they get into the black market. Pretty soon, those guns get into  the black internet market, the gun show market, where anybody can buy a  gun regardless of their criminal record in many States without being  caught, and those guns get trafficked to all sorts of people who should  never own them.   The data is the data.   But here is what we also know about 2020: In States that have tougher  gun laws, the rise in violent crime in 2020 was much lower than in  States that don't have universal background checks. Now, we make the  case here that gun laws matter, that if you take some commonsense steps  to keep guns out of the hands of the wrong people--violent criminals,  people with serious mental illness--you are going to have less gun  crime. Well, that is what 2020 tells us. In States that have universal  background checks, the violent crime rate just ticked up from 2019 to  2020--just ticked up--but in States without expanded background checks,  the violent crime rate skyrocketed. There was a much bigger increase in  States without universal background checks than in States with  universal background checks. Common sense tells you why. Those States  just do a little bit better job of making sure that only responsible  gun owners can get their hands on a gun.   So we have these two stories from 2020 to tell. The first is a tragic  one--a dramatic increase in the number of homicides; new highs in terms  of the number of people who die at the hands of a gun every single day.  But this second story about how States that have gotten serious about  commonsense measures supported by 90 percent of Americans to make sure  that only law-abiding citizens have guns--they were able to control  these increases much better than the States that didn't implement  universal background checks and commonsense gun laws.   So I tell the story of C.J. today to try to shake this body into  action and to try to make folks understand that we have all the data we  need to have to tell us what works. None of it is that controversial.  No matter what State you come from--blue or red, Republican,  Democratic--your constituents support universal background checks. The  data tells us that while 2020 was an awful year for gun crime, it was a  lot more awful in the States that didn't invest in that policy. So why  not just implement it on a national basis? It is politically popular  and impactful when it comes to saving lives.   Lastly, even if you don't agree with me that we should make these  commonsense changes to try to do something about this rising epidemic  of gun violence in this country; even if you don't want to change the  gun laws in this Nation, I have another offer for you.   I heard Senator Cornyn come down to the floor and talk about all the  radical policies that are in the Build Back Better agenda. I have seen  the polling on the Build Back Better agenda. None of it looks too  radical because the American people seem to really love all the parts  of the Build Back Better agenda, from the investments in green energy,  to the help for families who are trying to afford childcare, to the  improvements in the Medicare system. But here is another commonsense  investment in the Build Back Better agenda: community gun violence  initiatives. Inside the Build Back Better agenda is $5 billion to  invest in community programs that wrap services around at-risk youth to  try to stop this cycle of violence that plays out.   Now, what is interesting in the 2020 data is that gun crime is  becoming much more geographically spread out in this Nation. Ten,  twenty, thirty years ago, there was a case to be made for the  concentration of gun violence in a handful of cities. That is actually  not the case any longer. Today, gun violence happens everywhere. It  happens in small towns. It happens in small cities. It happens in the  big cities. But it is still true that there are these very, very poor,  very, very economically challenged neighborhoods in which there are  higher rates of gun violence.   What we know is that these community violence programs work. In  Connecticut, we had one--before it was defunded--in New Haven,  Hartford, and Bridgeport. It identified youth at risk of falling into  this cycle of violence. It supports them with programs that give them  an alternative to that lifestyle. Between 2011 and 2016, combined gun  [[Page S7360]]  homicides in these three cities were cut in half.   A similar program in New York saw homicides in a South Bronx  neighborhood where a program was being implemented decline by 37  percent compared to a very similarly matched neighborhood nearby that  was used as a control site.   I can give you more and more evidence of how these investments in  neighborhoods lift people up economically and help stop the cycle of  violence.   So I can shower you with data to show you why commonsense changes in  our gun laws would do something about this stunning increase in the  rate of gun deaths in this country from 2019 to 2020, but we can also  just come together around an investment in these communities and these  kids and these families that doesn't necessarily have the same high  degree of political temperature as the debate around guns does, and it  still will have a significant impact.   So I will continue to come down to the floor and make this case. I  will continue to come down to the floor and try to tell the story of  these victims of gun violence--kids like CJ Brown.   I hope that this will be the last chart. I hope that the next chart,  in fact, will show that these numbers are coming down. But I doubt that  I will have that opportunity because until we get serious about making  changes in our gun laws, to update them to match with the preferences  of 90 percent of Americans, and until we get serious about investments  in these neighborhoods--part of the Build Back Better agenda--I fear  that these numbers will continue to rise higher and higher.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   