 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and  my fellow North Carolinian, Mr. Cawthorn, for having this Special  Order.   My comments will echo his. Look, the pandemic is over. Thank  goodness. Our economy should be seeing robust growth. Instead,  businesses cannot fill the record number of jobs available.   In fact, the number one issue that I hear, not only from business  owners and managers, but from all constituents, is that folks will not  come to work, businesses cannot find workers.   Last month, despite 9.3 million job openings, there were only 69,000  more new hires than in the month before. How is that possible with  unemployment at 6 percent?   Simply put, President Biden and Democrats have insisted on continuing  to pay people more to stay home than to work.   Despite consistent warnings from Republicans and economists, the so- called American Rescue Plan continued expanded unemployment benefit  programs enacted in the heart of the pandemic.   In my home State, in North Carolina, these expanded benefits are  worth $650 a week. That is about $50 more than the Progressives'  preferred minimum wage of $15 an hour. You don't have to be an  economist to see why small businesses can't fill job openings, and it  is beyond time that Congress fix this self-inflicted wound.   That is one reason that Representative Jodey Arrington and I  introduced the Jump-Start the Economy with Jobs Act. This bill, which  ought to move promptly in this Congress, requires an individual who is  currently receiving enhanced unemployment benefits to recertify that  they do not have a job offer waiting for them in order to continue  receiving enhanced benefits.   If their former employer would receive a communication, and if they  say we are prepared to give an offer to that person to come back to  work, then they can't continue to receive unemployment benefits. How  appropriate. That would tailor the program to those people that  continue to need it because of a job dislocation they cannot resolve.  Enhanced unemployment benefits should continue for those who truly need  them and not for those who have a job waiting for them.   The extended Federal unemployment benefits implemented during COVID- 19 had their time, but they should not be the mainstay now. They are,  instead, artificially reducing the workforce.   Across the country, let's all be thankful, communities are opening up  their economies and getting back to normal.   It is past time for this government to stop holding back the recovery  and to stand up for small businesses, job generators, by ceasing to pay  people to stay home.   A good first step would be to enact the Jump-Start the Economy with  Jobs Act.   