 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule.  This rule and the accompanying legislation, sadly, is not about passing  law. It is about making a point.   All five of the bills dealt with in this rule have not been marked up  by any committee in this Congress at all, and all of them are filled  with poison pills that are designed to make sure most Republicans will  not vote for them, and they cannot pass the Senate of the United  States.   The two bills dealing with illegal immigration will not just help  DACA people, it will legalize millions of people in this country  illegally.   The measure on ERA, the timeline ran out for that 42 years ago. This  matter cannot be reversed now.   Frankly, the matter dealing with the budget, as my friend from  Minnesota suggested, we said last week you are going to run into this  problem, you are going to cut Medicare. There are billions of dollars  of wasted spending in that reconciliation bill that could actually  offset those cuts. We should be considering that.   Let me turn now to the Violence Against Women Act, Madam Speaker. I  have been one of the strongest supporters of that legislation since I  arrived in Congress, and I particularly am pleased with some of the  measures dealing with Native American women, particularly some of the  changes in this bill that extend it to children, that extend it to  Tribal law enforcement officers. Those are good changes.   But there are other measures coupled with it dealing with the Second  Amendment or dealing with, frankly, people that are not biologically  female that will put this bill at risk on this floor and certainly in  the United States Senate.   Madam Speaker, none of this was ever designed to become law. Two  years ago, we made that mistake. Three years ago, actually, a little  over two years ago, in 2018, and none of the good things happened.  Let's not make that mistake again. Let's reject this rule. Let's modify  these bills. Let's send the Senate something it can work with and pass.  If we do that, we have a chance of not making a point, but of actually  making law that benefits every single American.   