 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the  recognition.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 1, Burgess  amendment No. 12, which would require the Attorney General of the  United States to submit a report to Congress on the impact of  widespread mail-in voting on the ability of Active Duty military  servicemembers to vote, how quickly their votes could be counted, and  whether the higher volumes of mail-in votes makes it harder for those  individuals to vote in national elections.    America's servicemembers put their lives on the line to protect our  country and everything it stands for. We must ensure their voices are  heard in our elections. If the majority has their way with the  underlying bill in permanently expanding mail-in voting, Congress must  first know that such policies won't negatively impact those we rely on  to ensure that our voices are heard in the first place.   A second amendment, Burgess amendment No. 13, would require a report  on voter data collection efforts at local, State, and Federal levels,  and make the resources necessary to defend such efforts from  cyberattacks and the impact of potential data breaches of local, State,  or Federal online voter registration systems.   H.R. 1, the underlying bill, includes the Voter Registration  Modernization Act, which requires that all Americans have access to  online voter registration, a significant expansion of this service in  many parts of the country. Voter online registration can be quick,  easy, and convenient. It also poses significant risks for those same  citizens by increasing the cyber-infrastructure requirements at all  levels of government and introduces cybersecurity challenges in areas  that have not previously had online registration.   We are all familiar with the concept, if it goes on a network, it can  be hacked. Data breaches pose a real threat to Americans' privacy, to  their financial security. We have seen time and again how poor digital  hygiene, or insufficient cybersecurity, have created new  vulnerabilities to Americans' personally identifiable information.   Madam Speaker, Americans deserve to know how this mandate in the  underlying bill will impact their local voting systems and their  personal privacy. Many areas of the United States have successfully  implemented online voter registration, and that could be great for  those voters. However, many election precincts, and even some States,  do not have adequate infrastructure or resources to ensure proper  protection of the personally identifiable information that is required  to be collected to register to vote.   This amendment would provide our constituents information to either  provide a sense of security that their voter data will be properly  protected or will serve as a warning as to how this could impact their  voting system.   Madam Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' on both votes.   