 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today should not be a normal day. Today  should be a day of national grief and pain and horror at what happened  yesterday.   Yesterday, in Oxford, MI, there was yet another school shooting.  Within the span of just 5 minutes, four children were shot dead by a  fellow student; seven more people--six students and one teacher--were  wounded.   Reports are that more than 100 9-1-1 calls were made in the span of  minutes. Imagine the horror, imagine the fear, imagine the terror,  imagine the pleas for help on those 9-1-1 calls as students listened to  gunshot after gunshot ring out, killing their fellow students. The  students huddled in corners as their teachers desperately tried to lock  doors, barricading them with desks, fearful of what was happening  outside--some escaping through windows and sprinting and running for  safety.   And what should outrage every single American is that this is not  unusual in our country. This was not a one-time occurrence. We know the  names--that should be hallowed names of pride--of our children, but,  no, they are names that speak to horror when we think about Parkland  and what happened there, when we think about Newtown and what happened  there, and so many other communities that have been ripped apart by  that nightmare that happened yesterday.   We live in a distraught present in America. More people have died in  my lifetime from gun violence than have died in all of our American  wars combined--from the Revolutionary War to the Civil War, to World  War I and II, and Vietnam and the 20-year war on terror. More have died  in gun violence in just the last 50 years.   Our gun murder rate is 25 times higher than the next closer country-- not double, not triple, not quadruple, but 25 times more high than the  next closest country. And 90 Americans are dying every day from gun  violence, not to mention the many more like the seven from Oxford, MI,  who have had their health shattered by gunshot wounds tearing through  their bodies.   And our kids, our American children. According to Everytown for Gun  Safety, firearms are the leading cause of death for American children  and teens--the No. 1 cause of death. We know that teens are dying at  alarming rates due to gun violence and suicide rates, which are rising  faster and faster than in any other group, near an all-time high.   So the question that I must ask today--the urgent question that we  must ask is: What will be our response?   We cannot keep telling our children that we will protect you and then  the only thing we are doing throughout our schools is teaching them how  to hide--these drills that are now as common as fire drills, that are  teaching our children that we won't stop the gun violence but we are  going to teach you how to barricade yourself in, how to hide under  desks, how to shelter for cover if someone comes through your school  that should never have had a gun in the first place.   I am tired of hearing the simple utterance of ``thoughts and  prayers'' but there being no action. I am a person of faith, and I  know, as it teaches, that faith without works is dead. And we have seen  enough death.   But now, after what happened in Oxford, what will be our response?   My Republican colleagues in the Senate seem content with the status  quo. There doesn't seem to be an urgency to save lives, to end the  nightmare, to stop the fear and terror--the continued work to block  compromise gun safety laws that the majority of Americans, including  most Republican voters, including most gun owners, including most NRA  members--blocking compromise laws that are supported by the majority of  us Americans that would keep more guns out of the hands of people that  would do our children harm.   What is our response?   We can pass universal background checks that are supported by 84  percent of voters. We can provide resources and support to help cities  across America implement evidence-based gun violence intervention,  proven programs that keep our children safe.   We can start to heal the communities that have been shattered by gun  violence by not just expressing our thoughts and prayers but investing  in their healing and their help.   It is no longer acceptable to have a culture of fear of gun violence  in our country. It is no longer acceptable to teach our children just  to hide while we do nothing. It is not acceptable that we are  normalizing gun violence in our country at rates that have never before  been seen in humanity.   This is not normal. It demands a response. And what will be our  response?   Now is the time not to surrender to fear. Now is the time not to  accept this as normal. Now is not the time just for thoughts and  prayers. It is the time to act. It is time to lift our voices to take  more collective responsibility, to stand up to the corporate gun lobby.   It is time to work tirelessly to show our children that love is a  demanding, active verb; love is sacrifice. And if we are willing to  truly love our children, we won't just teach them fear; we will show  them our strength.   Are we going to wait?   This is a cancer, and it is spreading. It is being seen in cities and  churches and synagogues and nightclubs, concerts.   Are we going to wait?   Is there such a poverty of empathy that gun violence has to visit  upon us, our communities, our schools, our places of worship, our  families before we think this is an issue enough for us to stand up and  fight for change?   Will we wait? What will be our response? How many more times will  Members of this body have to come to this floor and speak to the  unspeakable, talk about children murdered in  [[Page S8847]]  the greatest nation on the planet Earth, to know that our children's  greatest threat to their lives, their top cause of death is gun  violence?   I pray. I do have thoughts and prayers not just for the victims but  for this body. I hope more will join together not in a do-nothing  caucus but join together to pass laws that reflect the will and the  majority of the American people and end this national nightmare once  and for all.   This is a moment that demands a response, not business as usual. This  is a moment that demands the best of who we are, not to cower in fear  but to stand for change.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   