 Madam President.    Madam President, once again, I object to the request from  the Senator from New York for the reasons I have previously stated, and  I will repeat again what I have said publicly and what I have committed  to.   I support removing prosecution of sexual assault, the types of crimes  that Senator Gillibrand discussed, from the chain of command. But her  bill goes further to include crimes not related to sexual assault. The  removal of sexual assault crimes from the chain of command will be an  historic change in the military justice system and one which Senator  Gillibrand can claim great responsibility for effecting. We must take  care, however, that we do it thoughtfully, in a manner that does not  break the military justice system.   The worst thing we can do to victims of sexual assault is to move a  bill through that can't be implemented effectively or on time, creates  too large a workload for too few qualified military judge advocates,  imperils prosecutions, leads to convictions being overturned on appeal,  or results in neglected cases because the necessary attention cannot be  devoted to them.   According to the Department of Defense, the number of full-time  colonels, lawyer disposition authorities required to execute the system  as proposed, which would take effect 180 days from enactment, exceeds  the number of judge advocates in that senior grade. And this doesn't  account for her bill's requirement that these O-6 judge advocates have  significant trial and criminal law experience or that they would not  then be available for other important assignments reserved for O-6s,  such as military judges and division, corps, or combatant command judge  advocates.   The heads of the service Judge Advocate General's Corps have  previously raised concerns about the implementation timeline, the  resources necessary to execute, and a host of other inconsistencies  with the current system that would have to be addressed to be sure of  successful implementation. These are the very military lawyers that  Senator Gillibrand's bill would empower to make prosecutorial  decisions, which includes an evaluation of a far greater number of  cases than simply those that end up in court-martial. These are the  issues that we need discuss in the committee and not dispose of in an  amendment on the floor. The committee will do this and do it  faithfully. And I am very confident that we will be able to move  legislation that does remove any crimes related to sexual misconduct  from the current command to a system that Senator Gillibrand is  proposing.   With that, I would reiterate my objection.   