 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate today has the opportunity to  live up to its best traditions. We can put our democracy over any  political party.   Later today, we will take the first step that could put us on the  path to having an open debate about the John Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act. I have championed and sponsored this bill to restore  the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965. I have done this for years.   Today, Senators of both parties have the chance to show they are  willing to do the job we were elected to do--to debate and vote on  legislation. And no legislation could be more foundational to our  democracy than that which protects the right to vote.   We 100 Senators all have the right to vote. Let us exercise that  right and not avoid voting on the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. This is  such a fundamental part of our democracy. Let's set the example here,  where all 100 Senators know we have the right to vote. Let's make sure  we vote and not avoid voting. I hope that we as a Senate will honor the  rich bipartisan history around the Voting Rights Act in the name of our  hero John Lewis, in the name of our democracy, and in the name of a  foundational value that is the bedrock of our country.   Just yesterday, we announced a bipartisan compromise in the hopes of  building support for the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act. I am  grateful to Senators Murkowski and Durbin and Manchin for their  dedication to reaching this compromise. That bill, which we would seek  to advance after proceeding to S. 4, will fully restore the Voting  Rights Act, which is needed after two devastating decisions by the  Supreme Court.   I have been clear that should the Senate eventually proceed to this  bill, then I would welcome amendments to further strengthen and  solidify this restoration of the Voting Rights Act, which, after all,  has been bipartisan since the first enactment, usually passing the  Senate unanimously, being signed into law by Presidents Reagan and Bush  and others. But we should at least have that debate. Certainly,  Senators should not avoid debating, and certainly Senators should not  hide behind some procedural role so they don't have to vote one way or  the other on the basic rights of Americans to vote.   So that is why we are here--to debate, vote on bills. There is simply  no reason for any Senator to look at their constituents and say that  this topic, that of protecting the right to vote, is just too political  or too controversial--not the Voting Rights Act; not a voting rights  bill that has a 56-year history of bipartisanship. No Senator should  act as though they are afraid to vote one way or the other on this. Is  that the message we want to convey to American voters eager to know  what the Senate is doing to protect and strengthen our democracy? Ours  is the  [[Page S7688]]  longest surviving democracy in history. The American people are  watching and the world is watching what we do. Americans expect us to  vote yes or no, not hide behind procedure.   Restoring and updating the Voting Rights Act on a bipartisan basis is  how we have always done it. The core provisions of the Voting Rights  Act have been reauthorized five times. Every time, there has been  overwhelming bipartisan support, Republicans and Democrats alike.   Presidents Nixon, Reagan, and George W. Bush all signed Voting Rights  Act reauthorizations into law. They touted the profound importance of  this landmark law for our democracy. In fact, I remember--I was here-- the most recent Voting Rights Act reauthorization in 2006 and the vote:  98 to 0. We still have Senators serving today, both Republicans and  Democrats, who voted to support that legislation. The compromise bill I  crafted with Senator Murkowski follows the very same blueprint of these  other bipartisan efforts to restore the Voting Rights Act.   I am aware of the toxic partisanship of American politics today, but  I hope that is not going to obscure what has for decades united us as  Americans and across party lines, and that is the belief that every one  of us should have that protecting our right to vote--the very right  that gives our democracy its name--is bigger than party or politics. It  is the belief that a system of self-government--a government of, by,  and for the people--is one that is worth preserving for generations to  come. It is the belief that government exists to serve the will of the  people, not the other way around.   So I hope that today we are going to rise above partisanship. Let's  do what is right for our democracy. Let's not be afraid to vote. I hope  we show Americans the Senate is still capable of being the conscience  of the Nation and a unifying force during a divided time. I still  believe we can be the Senate that acts together to maintain  Americans'--our constituents'--constitutional right to vote.   When Senators come to the floor to cast their votes today, I hope  they keep in mind the rich bipartisan history of the Voting Rights Act.  I hope they decide to live up to that history. I hope they are also  mindful of how history will remember us. Decades from now, when history  tells the story of today's current threats to democracy, let it also  tell the story of Senators who rose above the fray to protect the right  that gives democracy its very name. Let all Senators vote so that all  Americans can vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   