 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, this exercise in futility that Congress  is undertaking is at the behest of Republican Members of Congress. The  effort to overturn the Presidential election and grant Donald Trump 4  more years is the motivation behind it. And to continue a baseless  conspiracy-fueled threat to our democracy makes no sense because there  is no viable constitutional or legal path to overturn the election that  will make Vice President Biden and Senator Harris President and Vice  President of the United States after January 20.   One certain outcome of this whole process is the weakening of our  democracy and the threatening of our democracy. Beginning with Arizona,  Congress is being asked to chase down a rabbit hole baseless,  discredited, and judicially discarded fringe conspiracy theories.   Madam Speaker, for the record, let's talk a little bit about Arizona.  Arizona and State and local officials did an unbelievable job to ensure  that the 2020 elections ran smoothly. Mr. Hickman, the Republican  chairman of the Maricopa County board, the largest county in the State  of Arizona, said: ``No matter how you voted, this election was  administered with integrity, transparency, and in accordance with State  laws.''   Arizonans showed up to the polls in record numbers. More than 3.4  million people voted, with increases in every county, and 65 percent of  all eligible voters in Arizona voted in the 2020 election. Arizonans  cast their ballots up and down for Republicans and Democrats, and 11  electoral votes were granted to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris based on  their victory in Arizona. That is the story.   Arizonans voted in hundreds of races this year. In addition to the  Presidency, these races include nine members of the State's  congressional delegation that are with you--four of them, my Republican  colleagues. These Members have already been seated in the 117th  Congress. They do not question the accuracy of Arizona's 2020 elections  to select the congressional delegation, yet my four Republican  colleagues question the Presidential election.    Our colleagues may say they are only asking questions and seeking to  reassure voters, but let us be clear: These questions have been  answered by the voters and by the courts. Rather than accepting the  answers and the results of the election, they are fanning the flames of  unfounded suspicion and once again creating a threat, a very real and  dangerous threat to our democracy.   Again, our friends do not question the outcomes of their own  elections. That is because they have no reason to, just as they have no  legitimate reason to question the results of the Presidential election  in Arizona.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to reject this objection, to  respect the will of the voters in the State of Arizona and throughout  this country, and to fundamentally add some preservation to our  democracy from any future damage, that this effort that we are  undertaking in this House and in the Senate today does not further  damage our democracy.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Colorado  for yielding time.   I will be very brief, Madam Speaker. There is really nothing left to  say. This challenge brought by Members of this House, Republican  Members from this House from Arizona and a Senator from Texas, the  whole discussion today, this challenge to the 11 electoral votes that  are designated for President Biden and Vice President Harris, the  discussion today proves there is no merit to denying those electoral  votes. There is no legal standing. The courts have proven that in  Arizona time and time again. There is no precedent. There was no  constitutional violation.   But we are here today, Madam Speaker, because of one man and those  who are desperate to please him.   So what do we have to show for this process today? Fear, a lockdown,  violence, and, regrettably and sadly, death, arrests, present and real  danger, threats, an assault on our institution, this House, this  Congress, and the very democracy that we practice here.   And to what end? What did we accomplish?   The reality is that the challenges will be defeated. Come January 20,  President Biden and Vice President Harris will be the President and  Vice President of the United States.   So what have we accomplished? To further divide this Nation? To  continue to fan the same rhetoric of division and us versus them? To  paralyze and dismantle our democracy? Is that what we attempted to  accomplish today?   The mob that attacked this institution, I hold no Member specifically  responsible for that madness that was around us, but we do share a  responsibility, my friends, to end it. It is past time to accept  reality, to reaffirm our democracy and move on.   I would urge my colleagues from Arizona who filed this challenge to  withdraw their challenge to this, to Arizona and to the electors that  have been chosen to give their 11 votes to the winners in that  election.   But if that doesn't happen, then I would urge my colleagues to reject  this challenge and defend all voters, defend the voters of Arizona and  that democracy that we practice daily in the representation of our  constituents. That is what is at stake today.   