 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I was listening with interest earlier to Senator Durbin  and Senator Carper talking about not only the bill in front of us--but  I think there is a lot of merit, by the way, to address difficult  subjects like infrastructure. And I believe defense is the most  important thing we need to do, and I generally have questions about  that: Why we don't do audits, why we don't adhere especially to  budgeting here, why we don't do budgets across the entirety of the  Federal Government. I think, give or take, it has been 20 years since  we have done one and have adhered to it.   So in looking at our infrastructure plan and the merits within it,  everyone is going to find something that they like. And I am talking  about the $1.2 trillion infrastructure plan. I think probably for roads  and bridges and a lot of that physical hard infrastructure, the need is  even more than that.   But Senator Carper, who used to run a State--I used to be on a school  board in my hometown for 10 years and served as a State legislator,  with the intention of going there to do something on infrastructure in  Indiana, the crossroads of America, living in the southern part of the  State that has never had its fair share.   I think you need to be entrepreneurial through government in certain  cases, especially at the local and State level where you are  accountable, to where your entrepreneurism through government--and I  almost don't like to use that word because I have been a Main Street  entrepreneur my entire life and it is hard to use that as an analogous  term to what we do here.   Anyway, Senator Durbin was talking about, I think, more than just the  content of the bill. I--generally when I am coming down to vote for  something--look at the principles that I know have worked in the real  world in building a business or running a school board, local or State  government. He referred to something that really caught my intention;  and that is, inevitably, in times like these we will then, on our side,  revert to wanting to do a balanced budget amendment. Of course, I have  been a proponent of that and term limits as well--not at the local and  State level, but here.   I don't think that the Founders ever intended us to grow a government  like this, that for all the good intentions of policy that we want to  put in place, to where we do it on the back of borrowing money and not  doing it in a way that is painful, takes political will.   I will never forget, back in Indiana, 2017, 70 percent of Hoosiers  wanted better infrastructure. We polled, and 70 percent didn't want  their taxes to go up. Fiscal conservatives like me even got in trouble  talking about paying for it, not borrowing the money, not pushing it  down the road. At least there you can make the argument, you need a  dedicated stream of payment for something that we most agree is  essential.   When you drive that point home and when you took it through regular  order--listen to this--nearly 2 to 2\1/2\ months in a 3-month session,  we ran it through Ways and Means Committee and Roads and  Transportation, and by the time we were done, we had roughly 45 out of  47 witnesses--stakeholders from the manufacturing association to the  Farm Bureau, to the Indiana Truckers Association for it.   We got people to buy in. And how did we do it? We did it with diesel  and gas taxes.   Some complained that we were raising taxes. It was in the context,  though, in Indiana of a balanced budget, rainy-day funds. We got one of  the best business climates in the country. So it was within a system  that was working.   I think what disturbed me, listening a little bit ago, is--I agree  with Senator Durbin, this is a shared blame in terms of how we have  gotten here. My observation, building a business, frustrated each night  coming home and listening to the news is that starting nearly two  decades ago or so, when we went from Democrat and Republican  administrations that did believe in maybe having some political will-- in other words, paying for the things we do here in a way that is not  borrowing the money. Borrowing money is sometimes OK if it is a  tangible asset. That is an investment. That kind of makes sense, and  this has a little bit of that component as well.   But, in general, when you become a nation of consumption and  spending, and you are putting it on display in a way like we have over  several decades here from the Gulf wars to what we did in 2008 and  2009, looks like small change compared to what we are doing right now.   I don't begrudge trying to get things done in an effective way. But I  want the American public to understand clearly that when you borrow  money to spend it or consume it, that has never ended up well in the  long run.   I read a book given to me by our friend Mike Enzi called ``The Empire  of Debt.'' Actually, in that reading, it took a dismal subject, looked  at it historically, put a little humor alongside it--because you need  that to get through it, to see how this ends up. It has never worked  well.   If you are, by nature, spending and consuming and borrowing the money  to do it, I did not need to be a finance guy from business school and  have an economics degree from undergrad to know that doesn't work.   Even the folks who lean toward Keynesian economics and the Milton  Friedman proponents that like to look at the money supply, no one in  even current liberal economists are buying into this idea of the modern  monetary theory.   That, to me, just does not make sense. When I look at where we are at  today talking about infrastructure--which polls well because the  American public knows we need it. But then when we dispense it in a way  that is irresponsible in terms of how we pay for it, I couldn't have  been for that from the get-go  [[Page S6045]]    It was also inextricably linked to the $3.5 trillion of using a word  like ``infrastructure,'' which we all know refers to tangible, and now  trying to do it on stuff that isn't tangible. That is consumption.   I think there are merits of discussing childcare, the high cost of  post-secondary education, but we ought to do it like we did back in  Indiana, when we were talking about infrastructure. Run it through  regular order, bring in experts and stakeholders across the country to  buy into it.   Here, I see--and I used it just recently--if you try to be  entrepreneurial through government, which is what I think is on display  here, part of that equation is, yes, you got to take a little risk, you  got to get it out there. But no one would put this much at stake and  try to be entrepreneurial by borrowing the money. You would be almost  certain to fail because in the real world--school board, local, State  government, and especially in enterprise--you have got other rigors  that won't let you do that.   And you cannot count on a Fed, like, since last year, has been  accommodating and basically printing money in the basement by buying a  lot of this debt and is committed to do it even on this, as well as the  major piece that is going to drop here in a few days.   So my concern is that maybe we, as Republicans, are a little slow- footed when it comes to engaging in real issues. I agree with Senator  Durbin that we have been on this journey for a long time. That doesn't  mean you double down and triple down. Listen to this. I got here 2\1/2\  years ago, roughly $21.9 trillion in debt. We are now roughly $28.6  trillion in debt, not including what we are going to do here on this  hard infrastructure bill and the $3.5 trillion. All of it has merit for  discussion, but if you spend money and consume it and borrow it without  having the political will of doing what you have to do in any other  entity--pay for it sustainably, it is not the foundation for this place  or any entity.   I want to give you a little description about what we do here  currently. We spend $4.5 trillion a year. We take in revenues of $3.5  trillion. That is a chronic trillion-dollar deficit. That is borrowing  23 cents roughly out of every dollar that you spend. And, again, it is  not for a tangible investment; it is for consumption.   Now, with what we are baselining into the future, that is going to go  up to close to $1.5 trillion. And we ought to be looking at what is  driving the current dysfunction and try to get this place back into a  solid footing, rather than putting it in peril, where history has shown  it does not work out, every country that has tried it has not had it  work out.   The Europeans, who have fashioned a system maybe a little bit erring  on that side, have never had an economy that grows much more than 2  percent. And probably 4 or 5 years ago, when the Euro and European  Union looked like it was working, you had countries within it--Italy,  Greece, Spain, Portugal--that showed that you couldn't do it, and then  it threatened the integrity of the EU itself. The Euro at that time was  starting to become a reserve currency. It impacted them as well. They  had to go through the hard medicine of getting back in line.   So when we get through with this exercise, again, we are talking  about something we need. But if we don't couch it in the discipline of  having political will, in doing it to where it is going to be  sustainable and not to where it is going to put us even more in peril  in terms of our Federal balance sheet, it doesn't end up well for our  kids and grandkids. That is what worries me.   And on two notes, we have got geopolitical competition. Senator  Durbin mentioned that as well. Even they have shed communism. They have  become almost expert state capitalists. They have an authoritarian  system. That will probably be their limitation in the long run.   If they ever liberalize their capital markets or, God forbid, their  political system, you can't imagine the impact that would have on us  and our currency. So they are playing the long game. They are savers  and investors.   And we have got to be careful, because they have at least realized  that you can't replace the productive economy with a centralized  system, and they are actually moving in that direction, sadly, with an  authoritarian political system underlying it.   One other place I will use as an example: We should be looking at  what is driving our trillion-dollar deficit. He mentioned the Laffer  curve. We were, pre-COVID, at a point where I think was a sweet spot of  where we needed to be.   Wages were rising in the most difficult places. I, more than probably  any other Senator, since I am the freshest off the street of a Main  Street enterprise--it was a little company that grew into a national  one over 37 years--basing it on having a conservative balance sheet,  not to ruin your business by borrowing too much money even when you  have access to it.   And, here, I see that same thing happening here. We will be outrun by  our competitors who are long-term thinkers, who are investors, not  spenders and consumers. And if we wanted to really right the ship, we  ought to be tackling the high cost of healthcare.   We all agree, I think, that that is a broken system. One side of the  aisle wants to dump more government into it by making it a one-payer  system. What we ought to do first is reform the industry, like I did in  my own company with health insurance, with a few simple principles.  Make it consumer-driven to where every individual should be a  healthcare consumer--not relying on your insurance that pays for  everything from your employer or the government doing it. That is  giving us a healthcare system that Warren Buffet cites as a tapeworm on  our economy. We need something better.    But we should have a common interest there. Make it transparent so we  can shop for it like you do anything else, including a big-screen TV  and groceries. If you have transparency and you can compete in terms of  how you shop, that would work.   If we did that with health insurance, with healthcare costs, we could  start the process here, because Medicare, that our elderly depend on,  goes broke in roughly 5 years; automatic benefit cuts across the board.  That is waiting to solve something once you are in a crisis.   We ought to roll up our sleeves on it, on Social Security. And we  need to quit turning discretionary spending, which requires budgeting,  into mandatory spending simply because we don't want to go through the  rigor that any school board, State government, local government, or  especially business would do to be successful in the long run.   So I think we have got a bit of time that we could do this, and maybe  do it preemptively, or we can run this thing into the ditch. And for  the people who love the Federal Government and want to grow it as a  growth business, who are political entrepreneurs, I would think that  side of the aisle would be especially concerned about its long-term  health.   And for those of us who always talk about it and then seem to be part  of the same old thing that occurs each year, that is being a hypocrite,  because we have gotten here not with one party driving us; both have  been in the vehicle that is ready to run us into the ditch.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   