 Madam President, I rise today to bring attention to an  ongoing situation in South Louisiana.   Heavy rains are hammering our communities. A state of emergency  exists across the area, with more rain expected today.   It has been a difficult 2 years, pandemic aside. Eight months ago,  Lake Charles was devastated by Hurricanes Delta and Laura, one of the  few times in history in which a hurricane followed upon a hurricane,  almost identically tracking.   Yesterday, areas got anywhere from 8 to 15 inches of rain in 12  hours. It was heartbreaking to see Lake Charles hit again by natural  disaster.   And this is 18 to 15 inches in 12 hours, and there you can see the  impact of cars flooded up almost to their window. There is a home in  the background, and you can see where the water level is relative to  that home.   And here we have another example of vehicles flooded, to give you an  idea of how much rain occurred in a short period of time.   Now, other floods and disasters in parts of the country--often floods  and disasters in parts of the country, other than the west and the east  coasts, get overlooked. I am here to make the case to not overlook. We  cannot ignore the pain and destruction left in the wake of these  storms.   Overnight, 80 people were rescued from flash flooding in Lake  Charles. On top of the rain and submerged roads, there were warnings  for possible tornadoes, prompting shelter-in-place precautions.   I heard from constituents that students were kept in schools until  late into the night.   Now, it is not just Lake Charles; Baton Rouge flooded as well. In  Baton Rouge, more than 250 people were rescued after the city got a  deluge of over 13 inches of rain on Monday night.   And this is Baton Rouge--not as bad as Lake Charles in that picture,  but even more people had to be rescued.   This morning, at least 15,000 homes and businesses were without power  in East Baton Rouge Parish.   The number of homes and businesses flooded in Lake Charles and Baton  Rouge combined is not known, but I can promise we will continue to hear  distressing and saddening stories about the loss of both life and  property throughout South Louisiana in the coming days.   Now, through firsthand accounts, social media posts, and local news  coverage, we have already heard emotional stories. In Lake Charles, a  resident and their newborn had to swim to safety as water levels rose.  In Baton Rouge, a body was found submerged in a vehicle that had gone  into a canal.   Water rescues and emergency evacuations have been underway for the  last 24 hours, but Americans are at our best when we help those in  need, and folks in Louisiana are resilient.   So I give thanks to all the brave men and women of local fire and  police departments for their work in saving lives. We will get through  this together.   When I was in Lake Charles after the last hurricane, Hurricane Delta,  I picked up a bracelet that read ``Lake Charles Strong.'' We are Lake  Charles Strong; we are Baton Rouge Strong; we are Louisiana Strong.   While some outside of our State have already forgotten about the  natural disasters of 2020, Louisiana has not. Many have yet to return  to their homes.   Just 2 weeks ago, President Biden visited Lake Charles, talking about  infrastructure in front of the Calcasieu  [[Page S2566]]  River Bridge. Well, when I met him, I raised the issue of a disaster  relief package.   Our State was hit by hurricanes and winter storms, as well as the  pandemic. A record five main storms made landfall last year in my  State. The strongest was Laura, a category 4 hurricane, hitting Lake  Charles, followed by Hurricane Delta, a category 2, just a month later.   Louisiana farmers were also hit with catastrophic damage to  livestock, crops, and structures during unprecedented winter storms.   We need a disaster supplemental legislation to help communities  struggling to recover. We cannot afford to allow the impact of an  entire year's worth of natural disasters to go unaddressed.   Our best line of defense for these natural disasters is coastal  resiliency, which in our State is funded through what is called GOMESA.  That is revenue from offshore oil and gas development.   And folks wonder why I fight so hard to preserve that funding for  GOMESA. GOMESA allows Louisiana to rebuild our coastline so if there is  a hurricane coming onshore, there is the resiliency from a coastline  which is built out with wetlands to absorb the strength of that  hurricane.   We need to preserve GOMESA to continue having dollars flow not just  to Louisiana but to other Gulf Coast States to protect against natural  disasters.   It will be raining today and maybe longer, but to those--oh, one more  thing to mention.   There is a portion of the President's--a portion of the President's  infrastructure bill which has not attracted a lot of notice but which I  would agree with. It is called nature resilience--using the natural  structures of our coastlines in order to increase resiliency against  water events and other events.   And in a spirit of bipartisanship, but once seeing the necessity of  it, I would support that provision as I now understand it.   So for all those in South Louisiana, please stay safe, listen to  local officials for further instructions.   I will continue to monitor the situation and help, as possible, with  recovery efforts. My office is in contact with the White House,  ensuring the full support of the Federal Government is there to help  now and then to help recovery.   Our prayers are with those experiencing flooding and other hardships.  We thank the American people for their support.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   