 Mr. President, I rise to express my support for a  number of foreign affairs nominations that should receive not just  cloture votes today but should receive votes on their nomination.   It is a long list, including Dr. Atul Gawande to be the Assistant  Administrator for the Bureau of Global Health at the U.S. Agency for  International Development; Mark Gitenstein to be the U.S. Ambassador to  the European Union; Julissa Reynoso Pantaleon to be the Ambassador to  Spain; Rahm Emanuel to be the Ambassador to Japan; Governor Jack  Markell to be the U.S. Representative to the Organization for Economic  Cooperation and Development; Marcela Escobari to be Assistant  Administrator for Latin America and the Caribbean at USAID; and Marc  Knapper to be the Ambassador to Vietnam.   Just think about it. Think about these assignments. Think about these  assignments and what they mean to the United States. These are quality  nominees, people who will represent the United States at home and  abroad with skill and dignity.   I appreciate that the majority leader has made it a priority to  confirm them prior to the end of the session, and I encourage all of my  colleagues to support their nominations. But let's face it--there is  little to celebrate when it comes to nominations in the Senate. The  truth is that some Republicans' unprecedented obstructionism is  straining the system to the breaking point, leaving the President  without a team on national security positions that are critical to the  national security and interest of the United States and the American  people, leaving our Nation weakened--weakened. I will talk a little bit  about that as it relates to these nominees.   I am thrilled that we are voting today on the nomination of Dr. Atul  Gawande. His medical background and track record in public health are  impressive, and he is clearly superbly qualified for the role of  Assistant Administrator for the Bureau of Global Health at USAID. But  it should not take this long. Dr. Gawande was nominated 5 months ago.   We are in the middle of a pandemic, a global pandemic, and he will be  key to helping us fight COVID internationally. Do you think that our  Republican colleagues would think it is urgent to get someone in a  position that can help us to deal with the global COVID challenge?  Republicans should have been pressuring us to move his nomination at  lightning speed instead of slowing it at every turn.   Similarly, I am pleased to support Ambassador Gitenstein to be our  point person in Brussels. He has a long and distinguished career in  both the public and private sectors, including previously as U.S.  Ambassador to Romania, and is deeply committed to strengthening  transatlantic ties.   He should have been in Brussels weeks ago, as the President is  working tirelessly to ensure a strong and unified European reaction if  Russia dares to invade Ukraine. He has to do so without an Ambassador  to the European Union. We want the European Union to be on our side and  join with us in multilateral efforts to give Russia the consequences of  any action militarily against Ukraine, but, you know, you need to have  someone at the EU making the case.   Marcela Escobari--her experience and knowledge are deeply needed at  USAID, where she would be leading our efforts in Latin America and the  Caribbean, regions that are facing immense challenges, from Haiti to  Venezuela to the Northern Triangle. She was confirmed by voice vote for  this very same position in 2016. Yet, this time around, her nomination  has languished due to Republican holds.   Now, we are worried about immigration, right, undocumented  immigration coming to the country? Well, if you don't have somebody to  help create stability in Haiti, guess what. You are going to see a lot  more people at that southern border. If we don't deal with the Northern  Triangle, we are going to continue to have a challenge. If we don't  deal with the humanitarian challenges of the dictatorship in Venezuela,  we are going to continue to see a challenge there. Shouldn't we have  the person in charge of dealing with these challenges so that we, in  our national interest--forget about being a good neighbor--in our  national interest, are protected?    Look at the other nominees. Look at the other nominees. Spain. Spain  happens to be the head right now--one of the Spaniards happens to be  the head of the EU's--basically their Secretary of State, their Foreign  Minister. Wouldn't it be great to have an American Ambassador in Spain  pressing both the Spanish and that Foreign Minister on the questions of  Ukraine, on the questions of Venezuela, on the questions of Cuba? And I  could go on and on. But we have nobody in Spain. Spain hasn't been the  most forward-leading, as we would like to see them, even though they  are involved heavily in our hemisphere, but we have no one in Spain to  make the case.   How about Japan? As we are trying to meet the challenge of China in  that part of the world, we have no one in Japan to help galvanize the  challenges that we want to meet as it relates to China--no one. We have  a new Prime Minister in Japan. It would be great to have somebody on  the ground already engaging with the Japanese in coordination with the  QUAD as we deal with the challenges of China. I hear a lot of talk here  about China, but here we are, when we could do something about it, and  we have nothing.   Marc Knapper to be the Ambassador to Vietnam--a country that is  feeling the pressures and coercion of China economically and elsewise.  Wouldn't it be great to have a U.S. Ambassador there to help  proselytize Vietnam into our orbit as they meet the challenges of China  in the days ahead?  [[Page S9276]]    So, supposedly, these people are being held up in pursuit of some  national security initiative. Yet we are putting all these other  national security initiatives at risk in order to deal with one  person's vision of the world and what should be done. I don't  understand that logic. I don't know how, supposedly to promote the  national interests of the United States and its security, you then  create a series of risks for the United States and its national  security across the globe. That is what is happening. That is what is  happening. It is pretty outrageous.   Now, I am in pain here, but these nominations have to get done. They  have to get done. So if we are going to stay here, we are going to stay  here, but these nominations have to get done. These people need to be  in their positions so that we are not going to be in pain across the  globe. Something is going to happen in one of these places, and we will  not be there to ultimately have someone to promote our interests to  protect ourselves.   Let me close by saying that I didn't come to the Senate to fight  about nominations--certainly not what I did when I aspired to come to  the Senate. I don't think most of our colleagues did as well. We came  here to work for our constituents, to find solutions that move this  country forward, to make a positive difference. We need to rededicate  ourselves to making the Senate work, to fulfilling the constitutional  duty of advice and consent. We are not fulfilling our constitutional  duty of advice and consent in this manner.   Giving the President--I didn't agree with President Trump on a lot of  his foreign policy decisions, but I voted for a lot of his nominees,  and I didn't hold them up in any way, shape, or form, as we are seeing  in this unprecedented fashion. He needs qualified people to help the  Nation confront the challenges we face.   I urge my colleagues, let's move forward. Let's expeditiously get  these nominees out. If you don't want to vote for them, don't vote for  them. That is fine. But don't stop the process of the advice and  consent that ultimately is needed to put these people in the positions  that are critical to the national security of the United States.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   