 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S3322]]     Madam President, each year, the month of May is  recognized as National Foster Care Month. I thank my colleagues for  once again unanimously passing a resolution recognizing and bringing  awareness to the experiences of youth and families in the foster care  system.   This month, organizations in Iowa and around the entire country have  been working to support youth in foster care and the foster parents who  open their homes to the kids in need. And they deserve this  recognition. In 2019, the most recent year for which data is available,  there were over 426,000 kids in foster care in the United States. In  Iowa alone, there were almost 6,000.   As stated in our resolution, Congress must continue to work toward  real solutions for these young people because they face trauma, abuse,  and neglect. Obviously, there are a lot of them who get loving care as  well.   In recent years, lots of changes have been made to the way that child  welfare works. Congress passed the Family First Prevention Services Act  in 2018. The goal of that act was to provide more services to families  before removing children from the home, before that action had to be  taken. And that is where you ought to start--preserve the family as  much as you can, as long as the children are not being mistreated.   This bill also seeks to help kids who age out of foster care have  access to more support and successfully transition to adulthood and to  independence.   I was glad to support this legislation, and I hope that, as it is  implemented, we see positive outcomes for these young people and their  families. All children, no matter what their circumstances, deserve a  permanent, loving home and consistent, caring adults in their life.   When you visit with these young people, some of them tell us about  being in two or three school systems in a year so obviously probably in  two or three different homes in a year. And what you hear from them is  ``I would like to have a mom and dad. I would like to have a home. I  would like to go to the same school for the whole year.'' They want  some consistency and some permanency. I guess that is what it all adds  up to.   Research has shown that the presence of just one caring adult who is  available for advice, for support, and for guidance can make a  meaningful difference for children in foster care. For some young  people, this may be a foster parent who maintains a relationship with a  child even after temporary placement is over. For other kids, this may  mean an aunt or an uncle, a family member who is willing to shoulder  the responsibilities of providing a loving home. Others may benefit  from a court-appointed special advocate, what we know as CASA, or a  guardian ad litem. These are volunteers assigned to be a child's  advocate.   For a system designed to protect children, often the child welfare  system does not give much opportunity for a child's voice to be heard,  and it is a very important voice to listen to. CASAs are often the only  adults in the court proceedings who are exclusively advocating for what  the youth in foster care wants. I am happy that this year, for the  first time, May 18 was labeled National CASA/GAL Volunteers Day to  honor the service of these volunteers.   I salute all those who work tirelessly to support kids in foster care  in Iowa and nationwide.   When I founded the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth in 2009, the special  focus was to hear directly from the young people themselves. Older  youth in foster care and adults who experienced foster care as a child  can speak to what worked for them and, of course, what didn't work.  They should always have a seat at the table.   Over and over again, I have heard the same thing from kids in foster  care, so I am repeating what I said previously. They want a mom and a  dad, they want a family, and they want a place to call home. For some  kids, this goal can be met by their family's getting help with mental  illness, substance abuse, or housing. For others, the dream of a family  can be found through foster care and eventually adoption. For others,  kinship care provides an opportunity for stability and permanency.   There is no one-size-fits-all approach, no silver bullet that can  help all kids the same way, but there is one common outcome that we can  strive for. We should be wary of attempts to undo progress that has  been made in speeding up adoptions and providing permanency for these  children. The goal should always be to protect kids from neglect and  abuse and, at the same time, improve their well-being.   Moving ahead now, Congress must continue to work to find better  solutions and secure better outcomes for youth in foster care.   Once again, I thank my colleagues for passing this resolution  recognizing May as Foster Care Month.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the time has come for this bill to pass.  After 8 years of Senator Gillibrand's work in this area, it proves that  she is a Senator who doesn't give up, and it proves that she is a  Senator who can bring bipartisanship to a city that needs more  bipartisanship.   So I, like her, call on my colleagues to pass this bill, the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act, by unanimous  consent.   I first joined Senator Gillibrand in advocating for this legislation  in 2013, after truly horrifying reports out of the Pentagon about the  rate of sexual assault and other criminal offenses going unpunished and  a recommendation from a Commission on how to improve the system.   Whether it is in the military or whether it is outside the military,  a crime is a crime, and it ought to be punished. It shouldn't be  overlooked, as so often is what happens in the military.   We have been pushing for this bill ever since, despite promises from  the Department of Defense that they had everything under control. We  heard, time and time again, about new initiatives to stop sexual  assaults and harassment. Yet things are worse today than when we  started out.   They haven't worked. In the most recent review, almost 21,000  soldiers were victims of sexual assault. Only 4 percent of the cases  went to trial, and 62 percent of those who reported sexual assault  experienced retaliation--retaliation just because you shouldn't be hurt  just because you are in the military and people can get away with it.  In two-thirds of these cases, the retaliation comes from inside the  chain of command.   The Department of Defense has had more than enough time to try their  way to fix this problem, and it is clear a new approach is needed. It  is the same approach that Senator Gillibrand has been trying to get  done in this body for the last 8 years, and we have always been put off  because of these promises that were never carried out.   By moving the decision to prosecute out of the chain of command,  perpetrators of sexual assault and other serious crimes will be held  accountable and should be held accountable. Survivors will have more  confidence in the process. Retaliation will be less likely.   This year, there is fresh support for the effort. The new Secretary  of Defense, Secretary Austin, has indicated that addressing this issue  is a priority. A Department of Defense panel of experts that was  convened recommended taking the decisions out of the chain of command.  The President has signaled his support, and the bill in the Senate has  over 60 bipartisan cosponsors, including my fellow Senator from Iowa  Joni Ernst.   We have been waiting almost a decade. There is no need to wait any  longer. I urge my colleagues to show unanimous support for protecting  our men and women in military and allow this bill to pass. After 8  years and a demonstrated need in the recent 2 or 3 years for  bipartisanship, it is right here in this bill. It deserves to be  handled as a standalone piece of legislation.   I am glad that this bill earned the support of Senator Ernst, and she  was key in getting the cloture-proof majority that we have for this  bill   I would now yield to Senator Ernst.   