 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the  House Natural Resources Committee for his support of this legislation  and also to my colleague from New Mexico, Representative Leger  Fernandez, for her kind words of support and her support of the bill  overall, as well as, most importantly, our committee staff. I thank  them all very much.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3616, the Bear  River National Heritage Area Study Act, which would conduct a study to  determine the area's suitability for a national heritage area  designation. This would help local communities in the area protect  important elements of their heritage and promote the area's tourism  industry.   This important bill enjoys significant local support and, if enacted,  would help the region better share its incredible history with the  world.   The Bear River basin, which stretches through northern Utah and  southeastern Idaho, played a key role in the settling, expansion, and  development of the American West.   Native American Tribes, such as the Shoshone, called this area home  because of its lush environment and favorable weather. Today, with the  construction of the Boa Ogoi Cultural Interpretive Center in  southeastern Idaho, these stories will soon be told like never before.   Eventually, explorers and adventures, fur trappers, and religious  pioneers also settled in the area and began to build homes. The  region's natural water supply makes it ideal for farming, and it  quickly became home to thriving frontier towns. Generations of family  farms in northern Utah and southeast Idaho can trace their origins to  these early days.   Later, the driving of the golden spike at Promontory Summit marked  the completion of the transcontinental railroad, an element of pride  for the entire area. This pivotal moment launched our great Nation onto  the global stage and into the modern world.   Today, this special place is home to thriving communities that  support jobs in the tech, agriculture, education, manufacturing,  service, and tourism industries.   As we look backwards to retell the history of this region, these  industries are looking forward to writing the next chapter of the Bear  River basin's story.   I am grateful for Chairman Grijalva, Ranking Member Westerman,  Representative Leger Fernandez, and their fantastic staff for all their  help on this effort.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting the  Bear River National Heritage Area Study Act.   