 Mr. President, when I look at this substitute, I am  reminded of the adage, the new boss is the same  [[Page S4680]]  as the old boss. In this case, the new bill is the same as the old  bill. It has a different number, but it still maintains the same flawed  policies that S. 1 maintains.   Obviously, the majority would like to pass this bill or they wouldn't  have labeled it their most important piece of legislation for this  Congress. The House of Representatives labeled the same bill, ``H.R.  1,'' their most important piece of legislation for this Congress.   The changes basically give election officials more time to implement  policies that I don't think we need, and I think the changes don't make  the bill less bad. In fact, what the bill does is it creates a new boss  for elections, but the new boss is the Federal Government. It is not  about voting rights. It doesn't add any group or any individuals to the  group of people who can vote, the kind of thing that Congress has done  in the past, starting in the first century of the country and moving on  until today. It is, frankly, a politically motivated, Federal takeover  of the election systems that would make, in my opinion, elections more  chaotic, less secure, less nimble in their ability to deal with  individual circumstances that occur on election day.    (Mr. MARKEY assumed the Chair.)   The strength of the election system is the diversity of the election  system. This is what President Obama thought in 2016. He may not still  believe that, but I still believe it.   S. 1 would force a single partisan view of elections on more than  10,000 voting jurisdictions across the country, taking control away  from States, taking control away from local officials--frankly, they  are the closest people to the voters--and instead giving it to people  in a far-away national capital without the same sense of importance of  the people believing that what happened on election day at your  precinct is what the voters intended to have happen that day and that  the people who were voting were the people who were legally able to  vote, not people who may have voted somewhere else--not people who may  no longer live in the jurisdiction they are voting in and no longer  qualified to vote for that county official or that State representative  or whoever, but people who are legally able to vote.   I think this makes fraud easier to commit and, frankly, harder to  detect. What we should be doing is making it easier to vote and harder  to cheat. I think what we are doing here is making it easier to cheat  and harder to find it out.   We allow, in this bill, if it was the law, unlimited ballot  harvesting. This is where anybody can go around and collect ballots  and, theoretically, be sure that they get to the election authority,  but who knows? Who knows what ballot got lost in the mail and what  ballot never got in the mail? One of the things the ballot harvester  would develop a pretty good sense of is how the person voted whose  ballot they were harvesting.   This bill undermines popular voter ID laws that more than half of the  States have implemented.   It makes it more difficult to maintain accurate voter lists.   It permanently tips the scales in favor of our friends on the other  side by politicizing the Federal Election Commission--a Commission that  was established, just like our Ethics Commission in the Senate, with an  equal number of one party and no imbalance. This politicizes the  Federal Election Commission. It makes it a partisan Agency, not a  bipartisan policing Agency.   It pours Federal funds into campaigns, and it chills free speech--bad  policy, I think, in search of a problem.   Democrats have said this is necessary to increase voting rights,  particularly for minorities, but the overall turnout in the year 2020  was about two-thirds of all the voters--the highest percentage of  voters who participated in over a century. What we have here is an  election that had the highest level of participation in over a century.  Most States had their highest voter turnout in 40 years, and we decide  we need to change the system.   S. 1 isn't just about bad policy; it is about what Democrats have  seen as a political imperative.   Frankly, this has been the bill that Democrats have offered for about  the last 20 years. It varies a little bit from time to time, but about  20 years ago and maybe before that. I was a chief election official in  our State at that time. I don't remember Democrats offering this before  20 years ago. But starting about two decades ago, every couple of years  and certainly every time Democrats get in the majority in the House,  they pass this bill or one almost exactly like it.   When asked about what it would take to maintain the current majority  in the House, Speaker Pelosi said: Well, it would be better if we could  pass H.R. 1 and S. 1. Now, that sounds like she thinks there is a  political advantage there. I respect the Speaker's political judgment  and always have respected Speaker Pelosi's political judgment. Her  judgment would be that this would be better for Democrats than not  changing the current election law.   S. 1 is really full of unnecessary and, as it turns out, unpopular  provisions under the label ``Would you like to vote for a bill that  would secure democracy?'' Well, of course. Who wouldn't want to be for  securing democracy? Fortunately, this bill has been around long enough  that people have begun to understand what is in it--the same list that  has been out there before.   This bill would render State voter ID laws meaningless by requiring  States to allow affidavits in lieu of identification. In other words,  you say who you are at the polling place. Well, anybody who is going to  try to cast a ballot at the polling place they shouldn't cast is  probably also likely to be willing to say they are qualified to vote at  that election.   In a recent poll, a poll that came out this week, 80 percent of  Americans supported voter ID laws. Another poll just a couple of weeks  ago showed national support for voter photo ID was 75 percent. That  included 69 percent of Black voters and 60 percent of Democrats.   So we have a principal position of this bill that 80 percent of all  voters--at least 75 percent of all voters and 60 percent of Democrats  are for, but this bill changes that law that makes sense to almost  everybody.   This bill requires that unlimited ballot harvesting that I talked  about just a minute ago. The only time I recall a congressional  discussion recently about ballot harvesting was last year when the  House of Representatives refused to seat a Republican-elected Member  because that campaign had used ballot harvesting. Now we have a law  that requires every State not to prohibit ballot harvesting. The risk  of fraud, the risk of every ballot not getting to the place ballots  need to be certainly increases when you hand them to a ballot  harvester--usually somebody paid by a campaign or a party to go around  and collect ballots and someone whose motivation to get those ballots  all turned in may not be everything you want it to be.   Sixty-two percent of respondents in one poll said ballot harvesting  should be illegal. It is another provision in this bill that clearly is  not a popular provision if people begin to look at it.   Again, voting to protect democracy--sure, that is popular. But the  way this bill does it, when people look at it, is not popular.   The bill requires States to give felons the right to vote in Federal  elections when they are out of prison. Some States do that; some States  don't. Of course, if this bill passed, every State would have the  choice of going ahead and doing that or having two sets of voter rolls,  one for Federal elections and another one for non-Federal elections.  That, of course, makes no sense at all. What this bill anticipates is  that no matter what States wanted to do, this is a provision they would  have to adopt.    There is another way to get that done: Go to State legislatures and  explain the value of having that changed if that change needs to be  made.   This bill restricts the ability of States to maintain accurate voter  rolls. Many States--States with Democratic Governors or Democratic  secretaries of state, Democratic legislatures--have worked hard to see  that they had a system in place where you would periodically check and  see if the people who are registered to vote are still where they  registered to vote from.   Our State--I think a lot of States--if you move to another county and  register to vote there, you are supposed to  [[Page S4681]]  say as part of that process who you could notify to get you off the  voter rolls, but there is no requirement that that has to happen. A  periodic check of the voter rolls was seen not too long ago as a huge  protection of democracy. This makes it much harder to do. But a 2018  poll found that 77 percent of Americans supported this kind of voter  roll maintenance.   Frankly, it would be pretty hard to come up with a bill that had so  many major tenets that were so out of step with what people think the  government ought to do and what they want their State government to do  and in most cases where State governments are doing this.   This bill provides government funding for campaigns--$6 of Federal  money for every dollar raised from small donors. Small donors is under  $200. Frankly, if you were doing this, there would be--the current  Members of the Senate, under this bill, could receive up to,  collectively, $1.8 billion from the Federal Government to run their  campaigns, to attack their challenger, or whatever they want to do with  their campaign money--$1.8 billion to do that. It is pretty easy to  qualify for this money.   We saw people raise money in the first quarter of this year. That  would have qualified--in the case of our friend the Senator from Texas,  Senator Cruz, somewhere between $25 and $30 million would go to his  campaign. We had a markup on this bill in the Rules Committee. Not a  single member of the Rules Committee, Democrat or Republican, including  Senator Cruz, thought Senator Cruz should get $24 or $25 million from  the Federal Government for his campaign.   The bill creates a partisan Federal Elections Commission. It gets rid  of that bipartisan makeup that has been there from the very start.   This bill chills free speech in that it creates a disclosure document  that makes people really reluctant to give money to other groups who  aren't candidates who like to talk about elections.   It federalizes redistricting. S. 1 would put in place one set of  Federal rules for redrawing congressional districts. That has always  been the role of the States. If the State wants to give that to  somebody besides the legislature, they can do that, and many States  have done that. But States have been the constitutionally designated  place to determine how they draw congressional maps in their own  States.   Even if a State manages to comply with all these requirements, under  this bill, the Justice Department would have to be involved. Under this  bill, the court of jurisdiction in all cases on redistricting would be  the Federal court in Washington, DC, not the Federal court in the  circuit that Missouri is in. You wouldn't even start at the district  court in Kansas City or St. Louis. The Federal court in Washington, DC,  would be the place you would go.   Of course, the purpose of the bill is to bring all these election  decisions to one place. The idea that the best decisions are always  made in Washington, DC, on all topics is an idea that most Americans  don't agree with. There are things they think we can do and should do  and can only do because they can't do them any other way, like defend  the country and set big national priorities. But for well over 200  years now, local election officials responsible for the sense of  credibility of what happens on election day have done this job. I think  they have done it well.   This bill would require States to take burdensome actions and make  expensive changes in their election systems. Even if the States have  already adopted some of the so-called reforms, they in all likelihood  would have to make changes in their system to comply.   So the Federal takeover of elections shouldn't happen. I urge my  colleagues not to support it happening. The American people don't want  to see the things imposed on our election system that are in this bill.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this harmful legislation.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Oregon.   