 Madam Speaker, I, and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus  rise in support of H.R. 6, the American Dream and Promise Act, which  will make an incredible positive difference for our Nation.   It is precisely now, during a pandemic, when we need this  legislation. Dreamers are doctors, nurses, lab technicians, contact  tracers, and job creators. Dreamers are on the front lines of the  COVID-19 pandemic. They strengthen our economy and they make  invaluable contributions to America.    Madam Speaker, the American Dream and Promise Act will provide a  pathway to citizenship for Dreamers, TPS holders, and DED recipients.  We must pass this bill today.    Madam Speaker, I thank the Congressional Hispanic Caucus  members, Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard, Congresswoman Nydia  Velazquez, as well as Congresswoman Yvette Clarke, for their remarkable  efforts on this piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus rise  in support of H.R. 1603, the Farm Workforce Modernization Act.   My parents were farmworkers who worked tirelessly day in and day out  with calloused hands and tired backs to give me, their children,  opportunities that they never had.   Farmworkers like my parents and like many of my constituents back  home in the Coachella Valley taught me the value of hard work,  resiliency, and taking care of one another.    Farmworkers are getting infected and dying from COVID-19 at a much  higher rate than the general public. They are literally dying to feed  you, give you the nutrients you need to prevent COVID-19 and to heal  from COVID-19.   We must protect and secure our food supply chain. We must pass the  bipartisan Farm Workforce Modernization Act to stabilize our food  supply chain and ensure that farmers can meet their future labor needs.   The Congressional Hispanic Caucus is proud to work with Chair Zoe  Lofgren and Congressman   Jimmy Panetta, as well as CHC members Salud  Carbajal and   Jim Costa, and other Members to get the bill signed into  law.   