 Madam Speaker, I was thinking  about my kids as I walked onto the floor today, and I have just one  question to those who today, with their votes, would seek to perpetuate  legal discrimination against millions of American families, including  mine.   Why are they afraid to just say what they really believe? Why hide  behind the ridiculous, embarrassing, easily debunked arguments,  falsehoods, fearmongering about locker rooms and women's sports and  religious practices that will never be harmed? Why not just say what  they really mean?   I tell you what, Madam Speaker, I will say it for them. Their real  argument, the only honest argument, is that they believe LGBT people  are morally inferior and that firing us should be permitted. They argue  the longstanding protections we already provide in the civil rights  laws for religious practice for some reason aren't good enough. Here  they demand more capacity to hate on gay people than they would ever  claim as a religious right to discriminate on the basis of race.   Would any opponent of this bill argue that their religion gives them  the right to deny an African-American couple service at a restaurant?  That is exactly the argument made on this floor 60 years ago when  others, making so-called faith-based arguments, sought to defeat the  civil rights laws in the first place.  [[Page H649]]    The true argument is that their beliefs demand existing  discrimination against LGBT people be allowed. That is their true  argument. That is pro-discrimination.   Our argument is that discrimination is wrong and that it should not  be permitted, and that the exercise of religion here can be protected  just as we do in every other civil rights context--no more, no less.   It is no wonder, but it is sad, that they deny the truth of their  position here. These same Members spread the incendiary lie that the  election was stolen and play footsie with dangerous conspiracy groups  who attacked this building. They tell us mask-wearing infringes on  their rights despite a public health emergency.   They deny school shootings are real or that a plane hit the Pentagon.  Let history record the vote today. One side votes for love.   