 Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is not only my friend and  colleague but also not well enough acknowledged as the largely singular  author of the Commitment to Civility by the bipartisan freshman classes  in 2017. That document, unfortunately, is too well hidden. I thank you  again for all the work you did because you laid it out, and it is more  applicable today than it was back 4\1/2\ years ago.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my support for getting America  back to work. That support, if I spoke as loud as the support that I  gave, you would probably have to tone down the microphone system.   As we look toward the future and to getting our economy back on  track, I am increasingly concerned with the Federal Government's  indiscriminate, uncalculated interference.   In April, we saw the unemployment rate increase to 6.1 percent at a  time when you have more ``help wanted'' signs out than you can imagine.  Frankly, as I drive across my district in the beautiful part of  northern Michigan where summer has just now thought about arriving, and  I see all those ``help wanted'' signs hanging in the windows of  countless small businesses. That number, unfortunately, comes as no  surprise, given the current administration's policies.   We in Congress should be thoroughly angered that with so many  businesses looking for help, we instead advance policies that encourage  people to stay unemployed.   The expanded unemployment benefits served a positive and caring  purpose when businesses were being forced to close in response to the  pandemic a year ago. However, as more Americans get vaccinated, and we  return to a more normal life, the need is not the same as it was in  March 2020.   Instead, the extra $300 a week President Biden and the Democrats gave  in their latest relief bill to those who stay unemployed does little  but distort the job market, disrupt our supply chains, and encourage  many to simply stay home instead of finding a job.   Meanwhile, the backbone of our economy, small businesses across the  country, are struggling to find enough workers, despite offering  competitive wages, benefits, and, in many cases, hiring bonuses.   To start addressing this problem, States like Michigan should  immediately end their participation in the enhanced supplemental  unemployment program.   The only way for us as a country to fully recover from this pandemic  is by having the Federal Government stop sabotaging our economy and  instead encourage Americans to get back to work.   The dignity of work, of a job well done, cannot be underestimated  when it comes to bolstering our citizens with a sense of faith in the  future and faith in our country.   