 Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, there is not a single Democratic Senator  in this body who believes that someone who commits a violent crime  should not feel the full weight of the U.S. judicial system for their  crimes. I hope my friend from Texas would agree with that. I don't  think there is a Member in this body--Democratic, Republican,  Independent, the staff--not a one. I think the same holds true for our  colleagues who work just down the corridor from us in the U.S. House of  Representatives.   Now, we must do everything in our power to make certain that those  engaged in violent crimes face prosecution and feel the full weight of  the law. That is not just bipartisan; that is the right thing to do.   Where I disagree with my colleague is the assertion that immigrants  are inherently criminal. They are not. They are people whom our kids go  to school with, whom we work with, who grow our food in America, who  work to prepare that food or even stock the shelves, teach in  classrooms, serve in the U.S. military defending our freedoms in the  United States of America.   So to my friend from Texas, this seems to be a continuance of the  harmful proposals from the Trump administration. I certainly think that  many of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle in the U.S.  Senate also disagree with the hateful pronouncements from Steve Miller.  This feels like a continuance of that, to strike fear in Americans and  to breed distrust in immigrants.   Now, I agree with my colleague that we have to work together to stop  that false narrative. This false narrative must stop because it is not  contributing to fixing the broken immigration system we have in the  United States.   I agree with my colleague that we should come together and work in a  bipartisan way to learn from one another. I am new to this Chamber, but  I am not new to these challenges.   I certainly hope that my colleagues who are traveling to the border-- and I commend them for doing so because this is an important  conversation we should be having. I hope they travel to Matamoros. I  don't know if my colleague from Texas has done that. I did.  [[Page S1738]]  I traveled down there with a group of colleagues. We had a chance to  visit with the Border Patrol in El Paso. We had a chance to visit with  Border Patrol in Antelope Wells in New Mexico and Lordsburg in New  Mexico. We have had the honor of traveling down into the Rio Grande  Valley, down to Brownsville. We had a chance to visit with folks on the  frontlines, not just wearing the green uniform of our Border Patrol and  those working with the Department of Homeland Security but those who  are also providing humanitarian relief.   Those camps in Matamoros that I went to, they still exist. And one of  the questions that needs to be asked is, What are these kids going  through? What are they thinking about to travel thousands of miles  because of the concerns that they have for their own health and well- being? I hope we can have that conversation and solve this problem. So  let's find a way to work together.   I have said it before, and I will say it again: We need to go after  criminals and felons, not children and families. In truth, I think we  can get there.   So as I close, I just say: Let's be a beacon of hope to the most  vulnerable. Let's make sure we go after these criminals and felons,  wherever they may be, and they feel the full weight of the law. But  when it comes to the broken immigration system in America, let's work  together to fix it.   Therefore, I object.   