 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, just a few weeks ago, Southeast Louisiana  was pummeled by Hurricane Ida on the 16th anniversary, to the day, of  Hurricane Katrina's landfall. Ida knocked out power across the State,  including the entire city of New Orleans and its populated suburb of  Jefferson Parish. The storm brought intense flooding that took lives  and devastated communities.   I have some posters to place here. This is of St. John Parish in  LaPlace, LA, and this of Galliano. You can see both the flooding and  the damaged housing.   Hurricane Ida struck Louisiana's shores as a category 4 storm, with  winds as high as 150 miles per hour, making it the fifth most powerful  storm to ever hit the United States. Ida hit just 2 days after the 1- year anniversary of Hurricane Laura, which at the time, on August 27,  2020, was the strongest storm to hit Louisiana in 164 years. Laura  devastated Southwest Louisiana. So Ida hit the southeast, and Laura,  last year, hit the southwest.   Unfortunately for my State, we are no strangers to extreme weather as  [[Page S6516]]  2020 set a record nationally for the most named storms in a single  season, with 30, 5 of which hit my State. Last year, Louisiana's  farmers also had catastrophic damage to livestock, crops, structures,  and other things during unprecedented winter storms. In the aftermath  of Ida, 29 Louisianans and 85 Americans total died.   Yesterday was the first day the number of folks in Louisiana who were  without power was below six figures. Those in Lafourche Parish, lower  Jefferson Parish, and lower Terrebonne Parish are estimated to have  power restored on September 29. That is still 2 weeks from today and a  month after Ida made landfall on August 29.   I will put up pictures now of Jefferson Parish and of Lafourche  Parish. Again, you see flooding and damage, with power lines knocked  down and lines hanging from the sky, it seems, but you can see the kind  of devastation it did to electrical grids. Again, here is the damage  widespread in Lafourche Parish.   By the numbers, FEMA has received over 594,000 applications for  individual assistance, of which 285,000 have been approved by the Blue  Roof Program. We call it that because, when the shingles are blown off  your roof and sometimes the boards or the tin, tarps are placed over to  keep the rain from coming through. So it is a measure, if you will, of  how many people had significant roof damage, but this is an  underestimate. The Blue Roof has almost 50,000 validated requests, and  the National Flood Insurance Program has 10,579 claims. The Small  Business Administration has 17,083 disaster assistance loan  applications, and temporary sheltering assistance to almost 10,000  households with almost 29,000 individuals.   So, as Louisiana begins to recover, we need two things.   First, we need supplemental disaster assistance. By the way, this  goes back to the 2020 storms--Hurricanes Laura, Delta, and Zeta. Just  last week, the White House's budget office sent a formal request to  Congress, acknowledging the unmet needs for these communities over a  year later.   Now, recall I spoke to the blue tarps and how your shingles blow off  or the tin blows off or the boards blow off, and you put on a blue  tarp. If you fly over Lake Charles now, a year after those storms, you  will still see blue tarps, which is to say homes vulnerable to a rain  event like Hurricane Nicholas, in which rain continues to come through,  damaging the inside of the house and making the home unlivable. Not  surprisingly, many folks are not back in their homes.   It is time to pass the disaster assistance bill for Laura, for Delta,  for the winter storms, and for Ida.   Second, we must also take steps to prevent this level of devastation  in the future. Ida gives us a harsh reminder that we need to strengthen  the infrastructure that protects us from the worst of these storms,  including improving highways and evacuation routes, hardening our  electrical grid, and investing in flood mitigation.   Now I will put up posters of Larose, LA, and of St. Bernard. Again,  this community is without power, and in this community, you can see the  destruction done to port facilities.   The bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which awaits a  vote in the U.S. House of Representatives, is a critical missing piece.   It benefits all States, by the way. The Presiding Officer's State has  been affected by natural disasters. Resiliency money would really mean  a lot in his State. It would mean a heck of a lot in my State. It would  mean a lot in every State.   But to speak specifically of Louisiana, Louisiana will receive almost  $6 billion over the next 5 years for roads and bridges. That is $1.2  billion more than we would ordinarily receive. There is an additional  $8.8 billion available nationwide for transportation infrastructure,  including evacuation routes and at-risk coastal infrastructure grants.   In Louisiana, this money could help complete Interstate 49 in  LaFayette, complete the segment in the south, and complete the segment  in Shreveport, I-49, to give an unfettered evacuation route should a  storm hit either New Orleans or the Bayou region. It also includes six- laneing Interstate 12 through the Florida parishes, as we call them,  and a new Mississippi River bridge in Baton Rouge. It should not take  hours to go through a 10-mile--literally, hours--to go through a 10- mile stretch in the Capital Region of Louisiana when a storm is on its  way, and there is a mandatory evacuation order.   Now, by the way, we know resiliency works. We know this investment  pays dividends because the damage from Ida could have been worse. But  George W. Bush made a commitment 16 years ago to build levees to  protect Jefferson Parish, Orleans, St. Bernard, and Plaquemines Parish.   So when I went down to St. Bernard afterward--when I went down to  Jefferson Parish recently, and I met with elected officials, one of  them looked to the ground and said: The ground is dry. We did not  flood. And we did not flood because 16 years ago George W. Bush said:  We shall build a levee system. We shall build resiliency.   Now the onus is upon us to make a commitment to harden the grid, to  bury the power lines, which not only protects Louisiana in a hurricane  but Texas in an ice storm and the West from forest fires caused by arcs  from utility lines to a dried-out forest.   In the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, there is $26 billion  specifically to strengthen our Nation's electrical grid and to prevent  these sorts of widespread power outages and these sorts of natural  disasters. This funding includes $5 billion to enhance the resiliency  of electrical grids from extreme weather and natural disasters, $12.5  billion to increase power transmission to maintain reliable access to  energy, and $9 billion to develop and deploy new technology to  strengthen grid reliability and resiliency. Now, some of these pots of  money are specifically targeted for States like Louisiana which have  been impacted by federally declared natural disasters over the last 10  years. That is the way to build resiliency.   So my plea is that we cut politics and actually get something done  for the American people. I was meeting with a parish councilwoman,  Jennifer Van Vrancken, from Jefferson Parish, and she said: When we get  to the point where we don't do what is right because of politics, our  country will go down.   I said that to another group of people shortly after that, rock- ribbed Republicans--some of them wearing their MAGA hats--and I quoted  Councilwoman Van Vrancken, and they all said: That is the situation we  are in now. So my rock-ribbed Republicans were agreeing with the  Republican councilwoman. But speaking more generally, if we don't do  what is right because of politics, our country will suffer. We have got  to get this bill done and put the politics aside.   There is so much good in this bill. There is flood mitigation  dollars, coastal restoration dollars, permitting reform to get projects  done early and on time, and I can keep going. But recovery is a two- pronged approach. It starts with aid, and it finishes with the  bipartisan infrastructure bill, a bill that helps our communities  rebuild from past storms and better prepares our communities for future  storms.   My folks in Louisiana are strong. They are resilient. But we need the  long-awaited supplemental disaster aid, and we need to build resiliency  for the future. Both is how we prepare not just my State but our  Nation. Let's finally get it done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   