 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been listening today and a few  other days, I think, about Senator Gillibrand's efforts to bring up  what I think is a major reform of the military justice system to the  point where you won't recognize it as it is today. I hope you  understand what we are being asked to do here. Senator Reed, who is the  chairman of the committee, has been objecting.   Before I got here, I was a military lawyer and Active Duty in the  Reserves for about 33 years. I was a prosecutor, defense attorney, and  judge.   What I would like to challenge this body to do is find me cases where  the judge advocate has recommended prosecution in a sexual assault case  in the last 8 years and the commander refused to go forward. I was in  the military JAG Corps for 33 years. I can only remember one time where  that was even an issue.   Previous efforts to reform the system work like the following: If the  JAG recommends prosecution in a sexual assault case as defined in the  last piece of legislation and they refuse to go forward, it is taken to  the commander's commander. So what problem are we trying to solve here?   What we are doing in this bill is relieving the chain of command when  it comes to military justice. If the commander no longer is concerned  about sexual assaults in the barracks, we made a huge mistake. The  heart and soul of the military justice system is to provide a fair  trial to the accused, take care of victims, but give the commander the  tools they need for good order and discipline.   So the idea of taking the commander out of the chain of command when  it comes to terrible things like sexual assault I think is a bad idea  because it is the commander's job to make sure that unit works well.  Having a bunch of professional prosecutors make the decision without  the commander being involved is basically relieving the commander of  what is best for that unit overall.   Sexual assault is a problem in the military. It is a problem in the  civilian world. It is a problem all over the place. But the military  justice system is designed to bring about good order and discipline.   I can only say that the day that the commander is taken out of the  responsibility for what happens in that unit is a bad day for good  order and discipline and I think a bad day for that unit.   Again, the legal advice given to commanders in cases like we are  talking about is almost universally followed. There have probably been  more occasions where a commander will take an iffy case to court just  to make the point--cases that would never probably get off first base  in the civilian world.   But the people pushing this bill always talk about results and  courts-martial. I think the worst thing the U.S. Senate could do is  create an impression that a not-guilty verdict is unacceptable in the  military. Sometimes a not-guilty verdict is the right answer to the  situation presented to the court. I am beginning to doubt whether or  not you can get a fair trial in the military if you are accused of one  of these crimes.   When politicians attack results in the system, we are sending a  pretty clear signal: If you are a court-martial panel member, we are  going to be grading your homework here in the Senate, because there  seems to be a bias that the only outcome must be a guilty verdict.   The truth of the matter is that a lot of women go to their graves  having  [[Page S4652]]  been assaulted and never having reported the events to anybody. We need  to make it easier for victims to come forward. On occasion, people are  accused of things they didn't do, and I have been involved in many of  these cases. On occasion, you will find that the accusation doesn't  hold water--not sufficient to be anywhere near being beyond a  reasonable doubt--and sometimes people say things that are just flat  not true.   So what I worry about is that, in our effort to reform the system to  solve a problem that really doesn't exist--commanders ignoring the JAGs  and not prosecuting people because they like them or they have  favoritism is not a problem. If you want to talk about reforming the  military justice system, fine, but let's don't stand here in the U.S.  Senate and say that commanders in the military routinely turn down  legal advice to prosecute. They don't. That is just not true. In the  military, in a general court-martial, you need three-fourths to  convict.   If we are going to go down this track of talking about what an  acceptable outcome should be, then I am going to start introducing  legislation to change the requirement of the verdict to be unanimous. I  was a prosecutor for 4\1/2\ years and a defense attorney for 2. I  understand sort of the military courtroom environment.   The panel members--the members of the jury--are commissioned officers  or you can request noncommissioned officers, and the accused has that  right up to a certain percentage of the panel. These panels are  constructed not like a civilian court; they are constructed to make  sure that the jury usually comes from the officer corps, and people  with the responsibility for that base are picked to serve on these  juries to make sure that the base is being well run, that people  receive justice who have been violated, and that those accused of a  crime have a fair trial. The worst thing that can happen is when a  commander seems to have favorites and the people he likes get away with  almost anything and the people the commander doesn't like--well, they  look for reasons to come down hard on them.   When I was a young JAG, I would go talk to commanders and first  sergeants. The worst thing you can do to a unit is play favorites. Call  them as you see them. You need to show up in the middle of the night in  the barracks--the commander and first sergeant--when they least think  you are going to come, and just let people know you are watching them.  Most enlisted people are 18 to 22 years old, and it is their first time  away from home.   We have made some strides that I think are good. We provide victims  of sexual assault in the military with their own individual counsel.  Most people don't get that in the civilian world. We are trying to  train prosecutors on how to handle these cases, and I like that. Yet,  if we are going to start creating a presumption here--contrary to being  innocent--that there is only one right answer, then we need to start  training a bunch of defense attorneys and have a specialty there. The  worst thing that could happen in a military unit is for somebody to be  assaulted and to be treated poorly, and nothing happens. Second to that  is for somebody to be accused of something that is seen as being not  legitimate. That is why you have trials. That is why you have defense  attorneys. That is why you have judges. That is why you have  prosecutors.   The thing that is unique about the military is that it is not a jury  of your peers. The jury is made up of the officer corps on that base  who has the responsibility, usually, to run the base. You can request,  as an enlisted member, that part of the panel be enlisted, but they are  going to be the more senior ranks on the base. They are not going to be  E-3s and E-4s. They are going to be E-8s and E-9s. They are going to be  the senior enlisted corps, who is responsible for good order and  discipline and morale on the base. That is what is unique about the  military justice system.   I found, as a defense attorney, that people look long and hard at the  government's case. I will talk later on about some cases I had wherein  people were accused of using drugs by urinalysis. The system was  fatally flawed, and over time the military justice system got that  right.   I just want Senator Reed to know that, on slowing this train down and  getting the Members of this body to understand what we are talking  about, I will support him more. I should be down here talking more.  Like everybody else, we are busy. I promise to come down more to give  my side of what we should be thinking about in terms of reform and why  what is before us is not reform; it is a radical change to the military  justice system based on, I think, a premise that doesn't exist.   The one thing I want you to know is there are a handful of cases a  year in the Army, the Air Force, the Marine Corps, and the Navy on  which the commander refuses to go forward after the JAGs have  recommended a court-martial in sexual assault cases. That is what we  are all supposed to be worried about--that the system is biased against  victims. What can we do to make it easier to report these situations?  What can we do to convince people that the command is not going to turn  on you if you are a victim? These are all legitimate things, but to  fire the entire chain of command based on a premise that, I think,  doesn't hold water would be bad and would, over time, undercut the  military's ability to maintain good order and discipline and to be an  effective fighting force.   Senator Reed is the chairman of the committee, and I will try to do  more to help him. I respect Senator Gillibrand a lot, and she is very  passionate about this. All I can say is that passion and justice have  to be measured, and we have to be making decisions based on facts, not  just on an outcome that we would like. When we start talking about a  case wherein somebody was acquitted and as if that was the wrong  result, that scares the hell out of me.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   