 Mr. Speaker, 55 years ago, President Lyndon B. Johnson  overcame sustained Republican opposition to enact Medicare. It has been  a literal lifeline for millions. Those who suffered without healthcare  before Medicare now have access to a family physician and hospital care  when they need it.   Former Republican Speaker Newt Gingrich, in this very room, plotted  to let Medicare wither on the vine. Millions of Americans would have  withered had he been successful. Yet, generations of Republicans have  sought to privatize it, cut it, or weaken it. Surely, some of the  strongest evidence of the success of Medicare, through all of these  times, is the claim by today's Republicans that after so many failed  attempts to weaken Medicare, they are here, quite amazingly, claiming  to be its new protectors.   Of course, this comes following their understandable desperation to  justify their inexplicable efforts to deny the relief that was offered  by the American Rescue Plan: the survivor benefits; the unemployment;  the small business and rental assistance so vitally needed; the support  for getting our students back in school, the funding to keep State and  local employees doing their jobs. Republicans have resisted that rescue  plan with the same fervor that they resisted Medicare in the first  place. So determined are these folks to oppose anything that President  Biden advances, they have come out here and claimed that the rescue  plan means Medicare cuts, which certainly it does not.   Most of Medicare falls within the jurisdiction of the Ways and Means  Health Subcommittee, which I chair. We do need to strengthen Medicare.  The latest financial report suggests that additional revenues will be  needed to sustain Medicare beginning in 2026. Some of the changes that  are needed are largely accounting adjustments, and others will require  additional revenue.    Mr. Speaker, what our colleagues should be doing is  coming together to work with us to ensure the permanent security of  Medicare.   Medicare works, but after 55 years, it needs some updates. It has not  provided adequate protection against pharmaceutical price gouging; it  does not cover most of dental, hearing, and vision care; and, of  course, too many Americans are just too young to benefit from Medicare.   I believe we need to be working together to make Medicare better and  more widely available to more Americans, because health security is  American security.   