 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Bost for yielding  time.   Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be addressing the House today as we  are just days removed from Veterans Day, when our Nation recognizes  those who honorably served to protect our precious, God-given liberties  and freedoms. We have a duty and responsibility to help the veterans of  our Armed Forces who have fought to preserve our freedoms and  liberties.   In 2011, VA launched the Veterans Integration to Academic Leadership  program, or the VITAL program, to provide mental health services to  student veterans on college campuses.   Hundreds of thousands of veterans attend college every year. They  often have difficulty adjusting from the military to an academic campus  culture and relating to nonveteran peers.   As someone who has personally gone through the transition back to  civilian life, I can say my experiences in combat and leadership were  vastly different than the experiences of my fellow students. I was much  older than my fellow students; much older. I was no longer surrounded  by my fellow warriors; and I was a stranger in a strange academic land.  For these reasons, I understand why the VITAL program is so important.   Since its inception in 2011, it has grown to support student veterans  at 183 locations. VITAL program services are locally managed, staffed,  and evaluated by VA medical centers working with area schools, which  allows for independence and flexibility. It connects student veterans  with needed care and services, and helps prevent veteran suicide.   The VITAL Assessment Act will ensure critical information about the  VITAL program is gathered, improvements are made, and will help provide  mental healthcare and support to student veterans.   This act adds accountability and transparency. It will require the VA  to report to Congress about the program's management, operations, and  effectiveness in support of student veterans' mental health and  educational goals.   It also requires the VA to use information gathered to create best  new practices, goals, and performance measures for the program.   In conclusion, I thank the many veterans' groups supporting this  bill.   I am grateful to House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Ranking Member  Bost for being an original cosponsor of this bill.   And I thank Chairman Takano for supporting this bill and speaking  favorably during the committee hearing; Health Subcommittee Chair  Brownley, and the members of the Veterans' Affairs Committee for their  unanimous support of this bill.   This will help student veterans achieve their goals and dreams. And  just as the VITAL program has a proven record of saving lives, this  bill will further improve the program and help save even more lives of  veterans.   I ask all Members of the House to please support H.R. 5516.   