 Mr. President, I am here on the floor to ask for some  courtesy for a pair of nominees. These are nominees to the Court of  Federal Claims, which is the court to which citizens can come with  claims against the Federal Government.   In the Court of Federal Claims, the Federal Government is the  defendant, and these two individuals are in an enormous traffic jam  that our colleagues have created for nominees. At the moment, I am told  we have 159 nominees, out of committee, on the Executive Calendar,  backed up on the Senate floor--159.   I am on the Judiciary Committee. These two are judges. They are for  the Court of Federal Claims. This is not a partisan thing; this is  about letting the Court of Federal Claims do its work.   Both of them are extremely well qualified; neither is partisan. Both  were voice voted out of the Judiciary Committee, and I would hope, just  as a matter of courtesy and common decency, we could agree tonight to  move them forward.   Now, one of them is named Armando Bonilla. He served as the counsel  to the Marshals Service. He served as counsel to the Deputy Attorney  General.   He served, actually, as Associate Deputy Attorney General. In the  Department of Justice it is not an easy thing to move up from being  counsel to the Marshals Service to being counsel to the DAG, to being  Associate DAG. So that is a pretty impressive record.   Before that, as a trial attorney, he had served in the Public  Integrity Section of the Department, in the asset forfeiture and money  laundering section, bringing those cases, and in the civil side in the  Commercial Litigation Division.   So he has the trial qualifications you would want. He has the  experience from the government side that you would want. He got a voice  vote out of committee. And if that is not enough, he is a graduate from  West Virginia University.   So he is, I think, a very well-rounded individual who would serve  well in the Court of Federal Claims.   Also, I will be asking to confirm Carolyn Lerner, who brings her own  superb qualifications to this position as well. She is, right now, the  chief circuit mediator for the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. So  she deals with litigation conflicts all the time. She obviously is  viewed with considerable regard by the court who made her their chief  circuit mediator.   She served for many years in private practice. So she would be very  familiar with the private practice of individuals who come before the  Court of Federal Claims. Again, private person versus Federal  Government is what that court's business is. And she even taught law.   So Carolyn Lerner and Armando Bonilla are both very well qualified,  and both came out of the Judiciary Committee with voice votes, which  means they both had bipartisan support, and this is an important court  to proceed with.   Now, what has happened here and the reason we are now up to 159  backed-up nominees for executive and judicial positions is that our  colleagues on the other side are insisting on cloture for essentially  almost every individual who comes through, and that eats up time on the  Senate floor and slows things down and creates a traffic jam. It is  like you are driving on Highway 95 and you pull into the middle lane  and drive 25 miles an hour. You are going to jam up traffic behind you.  And that is what our friends are doing. They are jamming up traffic.   I think there are certain Members of the other party who would like  to see the Biden administration not be able to get his team in place  just for partisan reasons.   So when Donald Trump came in, in his first year, he was obviously not  popular with us on our side, and he had some pretty appalling  appointments. But even in that very hostile environment, the Republican  leader only had to file cloture for 65 appointees--65 in that first  year. In President Biden's year, we are already at 127. So the cloture  rate has doubled from even that very difficult, challenging year when  Trump first came in.   And I see my friend from Alaska here. So I will just review the  bidding. We have 159 nominees backed up on the Senate floor who are all  out of committee, all ready for votes, many of whom are coming out of  committee by voice votes with big bipartisan majorities. Two of them  are the individuals whom I am going to be asking unanimous consent to  confirm tonight, Armando Bonilla and Carolyn Lerner.  [[Page S9116]]    My friend from Alaska served in the Department of Justice. So he  knows that it ain't nothing to be counsel to the Marshals Service and  then counsel for the DAG and then Associate DAG. That is a really  impressive climb through the top ranks of the Department--and to have  served as a trial attorney in the Public Integrity Section and in the  asset forfeiture and money laundering section and in the civil side in  complex commercial litigation. That is a very impressive resume.   That is ditto for Ms. Lerner, who has been chosen to be the chief  circuit mediator for the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. That is a pretty  impressive credential all on its own.   So what I would like to do in order to get these two through the  traffic jam and on to the Court of Federal Claims, where their presence  is needed, is to ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider their nominations, which are Executive  Calendar Nos. 489 and 490; and, further, that the nominations be  confirmed, that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further  motions be in order to the nominations; that any related statements be  printed in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action; and that the Senate then resume legislative  session.    In the spirit of ``what goes around comes around,''  let me just say that the First Circuit is a good deal smaller than the  Ninth Circuit. My State of Rhode Island is in the First Circuit. We  didn't have many vacancies during the Trump administration on the First  Circuit, and the only one we had was not filled.   But I am not aware of any Member on our side being offered to meet  with any Trump judicial nominee at the Circuit Court level. And  indeed--indeed--those of us who are on the Judiciary Committee didn't  even get our 5 or 7 minutes of time in the hearing with Trump Circuit  Court nominees because the Trump administration worked out some kind of  a deal that their nominees could be put on the same panel--something  that had only been done before with the agreement of both parties.   So they would bring in their Circuit Court nominees, and you still  got your 5 minutes or your 7 minutes. But now there are two or three on  the panel. You get like 1 minute each.   So I just have to say that I like my friend from Alaska and we do  work well together. But when I couldn't get 5 or 7 minutes in the  committee in the hearing with a Circuit Court nominee, it is hard for  me to feel a great sense of outrage that somebody not on the committee  doesn't get a special private meeting with judges. We never got special  private meetings with judges. We didn't even get our time with the  judges in the hearing because they sandwiched a bunch of them on the  same panel in our same 5 to 7 minutes.   So what I would like to do is to propose, since the objection has  been made to confirming them tonight, that at least we might consider  moving through the cloture step so that a vote can be scheduled and  everybody can have their vote one way or the other.   So my first unanimous consent request would have confirmed them, and  a call could have gone out to them and to their families tonight  saying: The holds are off. Your life is back in order. You can go to  the job you have been nominated for.   And all would have been well.   There has been an objection to that. So what I would like to do is  simply ask that they be allowed to tee up for a vote when scheduled,  without having to pursue the cloture path.   So I ask unanimous consent that, notwithstanding rule XXII, if  applicable, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Republican leader--in consultation with the  Republican leader--the Senate proceed to executive session to consider  the following nominations: Again, Executive Calendar Nos. 489 and 490;  and that there be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual  form, on the nominations, en bloc; that upon the use or yielding back  of time, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or  debate on the nominations in the order listed; that if the nominations  are confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further  motions be in order regarding the nominations; and that the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.   Again, this would not confirm them tonight. Their families will not  get this call. But they are freed from our little Executive Calendar  traffic jam. But it would at least put them on a pathway toward  confirmation.    Mr. President, I think we have concluded this matter  for the evening, and I am sorry that it has ended this way because Mr.  Bonilla and Ms. Lerner are essentially collateral damage in a fight  that does not involve the Court of Federal Claims at all. This involves  a dispute between the Senator from Alaska and the White House, whom I  do not direct and whom I do not speak for.   Instead of keeping it within the confines of the Ninth Circuit, it  has now spilled over to the Court of Federal Claims, and these two  completely unrelated individuals are continuing to have their lives  interfered with by being kept in the traffic jam for a principle that,  in my view, was never followed in the previous administration. I mean,  for Pete's sake, if they were not going to even let us have our  official time with a circuit court judge, the idea that we were going  to get private meetings is, I think, imaginative in the extreme.   I just regret that it has come to this pass. I regret that we are at  159 obstructed nominees backed up. I regret that we have been forced to  file cloture twice as much as that first group of Trump's nominees, in  his first year--and there were some real beauties there, I have got to  tell you.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   