 Mr. President, the time has come to declare victory and  come home from the war in Afghanistan--the longest war in the history  of our country.   Over 4,000 Americans have died fighting in Afghanistan, and over  20,000 have been wounded. It is time to bring our soldiers home.   After the 9/11 attacks, I supported going into Afghanistan. We were  absolutely justified in rooting out the Taliban who harbored al-Qaida.   Had I been in Congress at that time, I would have voted in favor of  going into Afghanistan.   But the people who attacked us on 9/11 have all been killed or  captured. They are long gone. But we are still there.   Most of the people fighting us in Afghanistan today are the  successors or children or the children of their children.   The cycle shows no sign of ending. The war shows no sign of ending.  It is not sustainable to keep fighting in Afghanistan generation after  generation.   Here is some perspective: We have been fighting in Afghanistan for so  long that when the 9/11 attacks happened, our youngest soldiers  fighting there today weren't even born yet. American fathers who fought  in Afghanistan are now watching as their sons fight in Afghanistan.   We have spent about $1 trillion to establish an Afghan government--a  government that is rife with corruption and dysfunction. It is a  government that cannot perform much of any government function on its  own. So we spend more to do for them what they still cannot do for  themselves.   A trillion dollars and we have hardly progressed from where we  started.   Yet instead of outrage--which is how most Americans feel--the  reaction from Congress is, gosh, maybe let's spend a trillion more.   After World War II, much of Europe was reduced to rubble. It was  utterly destroyed. So we rebuilt Europe through the Marshall Plan.   We have now spent many times more to rebuild Afghanistan than we did  under the Marshall Plan. What has that money gotten us?   We have built infrastructure in Afghanistan and then watched it  deteriorate and watched the Afghans be unable to even maintain the  infrastructure we built for them, and then they ask us for more money  to maintain the structure. So we rebuild the infrastructure we just  built for them.   Meanwhile, our roads and our bridges here at home crumble as we spend  millions upon millions to rebuild the infrastructure in Afghanistan.   I want to walk through some examples of how our money has been used  in Afghanistan.   Several years ago, we reportedly hired a local security consultant to  help secure road construction projects, at a cost of $1 million per  year. But according to the report by the Special Inspector General for  Afghanistan Reconstruction, American officials came to suspect that the  money was being funneled to insurgents to stage attacks on our  infrastructure, which could be used to justify the security contract.   So our money was going to a guy who was apparently paying insurgents  to stage attacks against him so he could justify his security contract.  It is crazy.   We spent $43 million on a natural gas, gas station. Guess how many  vehicles in Afghanistan run on natural gas. Zero. You can't even find  the gas station. My staff actually went there to see how the money had  been spent, and they were told they couldn't go there because it was  too unsafe. Now the report is that the gas station has been abandoned-- and with it $43 million flushed away.   We spent nearly $80 million on a luxury hotel. Why is the American  taxpayer building luxury hotels in Kabul? Guess what. It was abandoned  halfway through. It is a skeleton. The Taliban are now said to climb up  into the structure and shoot down at our Embassy.   We spent about $400 million on equipment and other things to create  an Afghan Army Corps of Engineers. Except  [[Page S8003]]  all the equipment we bought was lost. Gone.   We spent hundreds of millions on electrification projects in  Afghanistan, but the system wasn't working. Afghans didn't understand  that you had to pay for electricity and that you couldn't climb up  utility poles. So, we spent almost $2 million on a public awareness  campaign to tell Afghans that they did, in fact, have to pay for  electricity and to please stop climbing on the electrical wires.   There was a multimillion-dollar highway project that also required  $32 million in community outreach. This is basically an attempt to help  locals understand what is happening, since they have no experience with  a giant highway or what it is for.   The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction examined  this ``community outreach'' and found that one Regional Coordinator was  given cash--$75,000--to help with outreach with locals, but SIGAR found  that they could not account for the $75,000 which had been filed as  used for ``goat distribution.'' Now, I don't know a lot about goats,  but that seems like a lot of ``goat'' money.   The guy giving out the goat money mysteriously disappeared. The  inspector general reports that the money is unrecoverable.   My subcommittee held an oversight hearing on Afghan war spending, and  Ambassador Boucher, one of the witnesses, recounted that the Afghan  Finance Minister told him 80 to 90 percent of the money Congress  approves disappears before it gets to Afghanistan. It is not just  corruption. He said: You know, we hire a contractor who hires a  subcontractor, who hires a bunch of consultants, who hires a bunch of  security personnel, who flies in airplanes, etc. And by the time you  get somebody on the ground in Afghanistan receiving a benefit, it is a  very small portion of all those billions and billions of dollars that  Congress allocated for whatever that purpose was.   We continue to pour good money after bad into Afghanistan, hoping  that the outcome will somehow change, hoping that maybe the next 20  years will produce better results than the last 20 years did.   The American people say ``Come home,'' and now is the time. A Pew  poll from last year found that 59 percent of Americans--and 58 percent  of veterans--thought the Afghanistan war has not been worth fighting.  One poll from this year shows far more Americans support withdrawal  from Afghanistan than support continuing the war, and almost three- quarters of veterans support ending the war.   We should be listening to those who have been on the ground in  Afghanistan. There are so many veterans who have witnessed firsthand  the rudderless direction of the war.   We should listen to Army combat medic Shane Reynolds, who served in  Iraq: ``For all of us that went over there and worked so hard, and put  our families through so much, and there was never a strategy. We were  just going through motions, chasing ghosts through mountains . . . We  felt that there was no plan, there was no strategy and there was no  will to change anything about that.''   Maybe the Senate should listen to Infantryman Jay O'Brien, who served  in Kandahar:   ``Now I realize that no one above us knew what the hell was going on  either. It's systemic willful ignorance all the way up to the top.''   Army Intelligence Officer Gregg Frostrom, who served four deployments  overseas over an 11-year period, captures the perspective of those who  served:   ``There's a lot of feeling like you're Sisyphus, like you're just  pushing the rock up the hill, and you go home for six months, and you  come back and the rock's at the bottom of the hill and you're like,  well, now I've got to start pushing it again.''   President Trump ran for the President promising to end these forever  wars. The American people want to end the Afghanistan war. Yet the  establishment powers in Washington and Congress have fought him at  every turn.   This bill explicitly tries to tie the hands of all Presidents and  make it difficult if not impossible to declare victory and come home.   Not only does this bill make it harder for any President to end a  war, we already have high-ranking officials of our government directly  defying the President's orders to deescalate war.   Take Syria for example. President Trump ordered troop levels to  decline from around 2,000 to approximately 200. Former Ambassador Jim  Jeffrey not only defied this order, he lampooned it later by saying,  ``What Syria withdrawal? There was never a Syria withdrawal.''   According to Defense One, ``outgoing Ambassador Jim Jeffrey, the U.S.  special envoy for Syria acknowledges that he routinely misled senior  leaders about troop levels in Syria.''   Jeffrey's admitted to ``playing shell games'' to obscure from the  President and his generals how many troops were really left in Syria.  In reality, Trump's order to reduce the troops was countermanded by an  unelected bureaucrat.   As Becket Adams explains, ``Obscure federal workers have reportedly  been in control of the U.S. military presence in northern Syria, and  all in direct violation of explicit orders from the President.''   Adams continues: ``Nothing to worry about here, folks. Just some  nameless federal drones allegedly misleading the commander of the U.S.  military in order to keep troops stationed overseas in conflicts that  said drones believe are necessary and winnable. People laugh when they  hear the term ``deep state,'' but it is no joke.''   President Trump has ordered troop levels to be reduced in  Afghanistan, so Congress responded by passing an NDAA which actually  restricts his ability to withdraw troops.   That is right. Congress, which has spent decades lecturing any and  every one that we don't need 535 generals and that there is only one  Commander in Chief who has absolute powers to wage war however he sees  fit, has now reversed course and decided that we actually do need 535  generals in order to stop the Commander in Chief from withdrawing  troops from Afghanistan.   President Trump vetoed that NDAA, and now we are here today in an  attempt to override that veto, to add a 20th year to this war.   This is a mistake. But Congress has had it wrong for a long time, so  this is nothing new. They just passed a $1.4 trillion omnibus bill that  no one saw until hours before it was to be voted on, and they paired it  with a $900 billion coronavirus bailout, paid for with money borrowed  from our children.   We are told all the time that there is simply no more fat left to cut  in the budget, that we have to borrow because we can't cut our high  priorities. What are those high priorities, you may ask? Let's start  with a look at this bill that just passed.   There is $25 million for Pakistan in there. Pakistan puts Christians  on death row when they are accused of blasphemy, except that  allegations of blasphemy are often based on petty disputes among  neighbors or coworkers. There are reportedly 80 people on death row in  Pakistan for blasphemy-related charges.   There is $700 million for Sudan in the bill, where freedom of  expression is restricted.   There is another $500 million to address the root causes of migration  from Central America. I doubt the report mentions the allure of all the  free stuff you can get after you break in to America.   How about $575 million for ``family planning'' in the third world?   How many businesses, struggling to make payroll because their  Governor closed them down, could have used that $575 million?   Congress is borrowing a trillion dollars a year so that they can keep  spending money on these kinds of things. They don't want to set  priorities.   This is hardly new. I have been watching this for years and called  out the big spenders in Congress for approving: $250,000 to send kids  from Pakistan to Space Camp in Alabama and Dollywood in Tennessee; $1.8  million to improve the international perception of Afghan artisans and  craftsman; $10,000 to improve Pakistan's film industry. Really? U.S.  taxpayer money to subsidize Pakistan's version of Hollywood; a $2  million venture capital fund in Bosnia for businesses that couldn't get  their own financing; almost $8 million for foreign dance residencies.  Really? Ballet for Bolivia; more than $9 million to ease medical  [[Page S8004]]  debt in Cambodia. What about Americans' with medical debt; more than  $23 million to help college graduates in Morocco find jobs. How about  college grads in Kentucky; $273 million in grants to help people learn  how to apply for grants. Really? U.S. taxpayers are being fleeced to  teach people how to get more of our money; $20 million to teach  Laotians how to speak Laotian. Makes me want to utter Laotian  profanities. But I will likely need a government grant in order to  learn to swear in Laotian; $1 million to produce a comedic variety TV  show in Afghanistan. I don't know about you but I don't find that funny  at all; almost $15 million to produce foreign versions of ``Sesame  Street'' that would teach children in other countries about climate  change. Next year, I am sure the taxpayer will be sending Muppets in  Masks to Madagascar; and $153 million in development assistance that  included subsidies for low-income mortgages in Nigeria.   So Americans are losing their homes, but Congress has already spent  the money buying Nigerian mortgages.   Americans are losing their livelihoods, but Congress has already  spent the money on economic support funds in places like Bosnia.   American infrastructure is crumbling, but Congress spends billions on  roads in Afghanistan.   We could have rebuilt the Brent-Spence Bridge in my State, which has  been a priority for some time, but Congress can't stop spending the  money overseas.   Again, the war in Afghanistan costs $50 billion per year. Our mission  is complete. Al-Qaida is diminished. Osama bin Laden is dead. It is  time to declare victory. The American people want the war to end. So  many of our veterans want the war to end. The President is trying to  bring it to an end. But Congress is standing in the way.   Today we have the chance to act as the people's representatives  instead of acting like 535 generals. We should not override the veto.  We should remove the language that tries to block the President's  drawdown of troops.   I urge a vote against the veto override.   