 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this  Special Order in honor of National Bible Week.   To my father who preached the Word as a minister of the Gospel,  tonight, papa, you can hear me directly.   Through our Nation's history, from the earliest 17th century  settlements to the War of Independence and to the  [[Page H6706]]  establishment of democracy, the Bible and its principles are  intricately woven into our national fabric. This great experiment that  is democracy has been undoubtedly buttressed by the Bible for now over  two centuries.   It was because of their devotion to the Word of God that settlers  rejected the oppressive rule of the Church of England and pursued a  government free from religious tyranny.   On September 7, 1774, when the first Congress met together, what was  their first action? It was reading the Bible followed by prayer. And  what did they read? It was Psalm 35, and the first three versus of  Psalm 35 say: ``Contend, Lord, with those who contend with me; fight  against those who fight against me. Take up shield and armor; arise and  come to my aid. Brandish spear and javelin against those who pursue me.  Say to me, `I am your salvation.'''   The British had just attacked and occupied Boston, and these  Representatives were seeking counsel from their creator.   The Bible was also crucial to the unity and success of our Founding  Fathers. In 1813, John Adams wrote in a letter to Thomas Jefferson that  ``the general principles on which the Fathers achieved independence''  were the ``general principles of Christianity, in which all those sects  were united and the general principles of English and American  liberty.''   The role of the Bible is evident in our Nation's founding and so,  too, will the Bible play a pivotal role in our Nation's preservation.  The infallible Word of God not only proclaims God's redemptive plan for  mankind, but it acts as a moral compass for society and government that  exceeds the bounds of time.   Tomorrow is December 1, and we are now in the Christmas season. Over  2,000 years ago, the prophet Isaiah spoke one of the greatest  proclamations ever made in Isaiah 9:6, where the prophet says: ``For  unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given, and the government  shall be upon his shoulder. And his name shall be called Wonderful,  Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of  Peace.''   This prophecy was fulfilled with the birth of our savior, Jesus  Christ. This is the Bible, the Word of God come alive, and the  government shall be on his shoulder. He shall be the support and  underpinning of the Government, a government whose foundation is built  on God, and his Word is a government that will have peace, freedom, and  liberty. Jesus' birth, death, and resurrection are what enables us to  proclaim joy to the world because he is the prince of peace.   As we celebrate Christmas, let us reflect on the Biblical principles  that united and guided our Founding Fathers, and let us strive to  maintain those principles every day by reading the most important book  on Earth, the book of God's Word, the Bible. Soli Deo gloria.   