 Mr. President, on March 6 of this year, the  intelligence community issued its ``Intelligence Community Assessment  on Foreign Threats to the 2020 U.S. Federal Elections.'' Based on that  report, some in the liberal media have falsely claimed that my and  Senator Johnson's Hunter Biden-related oversight activity last Congress  was based on Russian disinformation. Even Peter Strzok felt the need to  chime in on Twitter to say that we received Russian disinformation.   I don't know how many times I have to say it, but such claims are  false and misleading. To be precise, Senator Johnson and I didn't  receive, solicit, or rely upon any information from Andrii Derkach, and  we publicly said so many times.   I don't know how many times last fall I was on this floor of the U.S.  Senate trying to explain that to the people who were making those  accusations. It seems like Strzok pays just about as careful attention  to these facts as he did to the Crossfire FISA applications.   Of course, Twitter lets disinformation about the Steele dossier run  wild on their platform yet shuts down still unrefuted reporting on  Hunter Biden before the 2020 election. In other words, we have a double  standard.   Now, regarding Russian disinformation, it wasn't Senator Johnson and  this Senator that dealt in it. It happens to be very clear that the  other side, the Democrats, were dealing with it. Here's one quick  example. If you want more, then I would refer you to section 10 of our  September 23, 2020, report.   On July 13, 2020, then-Minority Leader Schumer, Senator Warner,  Speaker Pelosi, and Representative Schiff sent a letter with a  classified attachment to the FBI to express a purported belief that  Congress was the subject of a foreign disinformation campaign.   The classified attachment to that letter included unclassified  elements that attempted, but failed, to tie our work to Derkach. Those  unclassified elements were leaked to the press to support a false  campaign accusing us two Senators of using Russian disinformation.   Then, during the course of our investigation, we ran a transcribed  interview of George Kent. Before that interview, the Democrats acquired  Derkach's materials. During that interview, they asked the witness  about it. He stated: ``What you're asking me to interpret is a master  chart of disinformation and malign influence.''   At that interview, the Democrats introduced known disinformation into  the investigative record as an exhibit. More precisely, the Democrats  relied upon and disseminated known disinformation from a foreign source  whom the intelligence community warned was actively seeking to  influence U.S. politics. Yet now--can you believe this?--they accuse  this Senator and Senator Johnson of doing that very thing. Now let that  sink in because there is a case of double standard around here.   It is clear that the Democrats hope that their self-created  disinformation campaign would drown out our report and its findings to  protect Candidate Biden from the facts. Now that President Biden is in  office, the facts aren't going anywhere.   I had an opportunity to serve 28 years in the Senate with Senator  Biden. I liked him then; I still like him. But that doesn't mean that I  like the double standard the press has toward President Biden and us  Republicans.   As President Biden gears up for his first press conference, he ought  to answer for the fact that his family was and possibly still is  financially connected to Chinese nationals with links to the Communist  Party and the People's Liberation Army. Indeed, Hunter Biden reportedly  admitted that he was well aware that some of his business associates  were connected to the Communist Chinese Government intelligence  services. Now, double standard--where is the media in asking serious  questions about that?   It has also been reported that emails show Joe Biden and his brother  were ``office mates'' with the very same Chinese nationals with links  to the Communist regime and the its military. Now, talk about a double  standard. Where is the media in asking serious questions about that?  Yet they are reporting this very day about things that Johnson and  Grassley did about disinformation, which I have told you so many times  we never received.   Now there is this interview on television with Tony Bobulinski,  publicly stating that Joe Biden was aware of and possibly involved in  Hunter Biden's business deals. Talk about a double standard. Where is  the media asking serious questions about that?   The Biden family transactions and associations in our September 20  report raised criminal, counterintelligence, and extortion concerns.  Yet the media--the liberal media--has ignored all of it and has failed  to ask any legitimate questions. Don't you think that we the people  have a right to know the answers?   The media certainly seemed to think so in all the doings of the Trump  administration. If the story I just laid out here were about Trump, I  guarantee you that it would be all over the news.   It is perfectly legitimate and reasonable for Congress and the news  media to question the Biden administration  [[Page S1638]]  about these global financial transactions and associations. It is  perfectly legitimate to ask how they could impact the Biden  administration's foreign policy. That is especially true as it relates  to China, given the extensive links between the Biden family and that  country. Let's see if anyone dares to ask questions at the President's  first news conference.   