 Madam Speaker, every investment in the Build  Back Better Act addresses an urgent challenge facing families, workers,  and our economy.   Within the jurisdiction of the Education and Labor Committee, this  proposal makes childcare more affordable and invests in securing free,  universal, and high-quality preschool for 3- and 4-year-olds. These  provisions will give millions of parents the opportunity to reenter the  workforce without having to worry that their children are safe.   The Build Back Better Act makes nearly 9 million more children  eligible for free school meals and invests in helping more children get  healthy nutrition over the summer. It lowers the cost of higher  education by increasing the value of Pell grants and making another  major investment in historically Black colleges and universities and  minority-serving institutions.   The bill invests in high-quality job training programs so that  workers can build their skills and increase their paychecks, and it  will help employers find the skilled workers they need to grow their  businesses.   It shields workers from wage theft, unsafe workplaces, and violations  of their right to organize by strengthening enforcement and increasing  penalties for companies that break the law.   And it funds service opportunities and job training programs that  will help protect our communities from the climate crisis.   The Build Back Better Act strengthens programs that provide vital  services to millions of older Americans and Americans with  disabilities.   It lowers the cost of prescription drugs, particularly insulin.   Madam Speaker, any of these provisions individually would  meaningfully improve the lives of our constituents, but taken together,  this historic proposal will lower costs for nearly every family, create  millions of good-paying jobs, and set a strong foundation for the  future of this country. It is fully paid for by making corporations and  the wealthiest pay their fair share.   Madam Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting the  Build Back Better Act and taking a critical step toward a monumental  victory for the American people.   