 Mr. Vice President, I can only think of two times in  American history that individuals laid siege to our Capitol, stormed  our sacred civic spaces, and tried to upend and overrun this  government. One was in the War of 1812, and the other one was today.   What is interesting about the parallel between the two is they both  were waving flags to a sole sovereign, to an individual, surrendering  democratic principles to the cult of personality. One was a monarch in  England, and the other were the flags I saw all over our Capitol,  including in the hallways and in this room, to a single person named  Donald Trump.   The sad difference between these two times is one was yet another  nation in the history of our country that tried to challenge the United  States of America, but this time, we brought this hell upon ourselves.   My colleague from Texas said that this was a moment where there were  unprecedented allegations of voter fraud. Yes, that is true. They were  unprecedented when the President, before the election even happened,  said: If I lose this election, then the election was rigged.   That is unprecedented. It is unprecedented that, before the night of  the counting of the vote was even done, that he called it rigged. It is  unprecedented that he is fanning the flames of conspiracy theory to  create a smokescreen in this Nation to cover what he is trying to do,  which is undermine our democratic principles.   But it is not just that. The shame of this day is it is being aided  and abetted by good Americans who are falling prey, who are choosing  Trump over truth, who are surrendering to the passion of lies as  opposed to standing up and speaking truth to power, who are trying to  fundraise off of the shame of conspiracy theories as opposed to doing  the incalculably valuable, patriotic thing: to speak truth to our  Nation. Our democracy is wounded, and I saw it when I saw pictures of  yet another insurgency, of a flag of another group of Americans who  tried to challenge our Nation. I saw the flag of the Confederacy there.   What will we do? How will we confront this shame? How will we  confront this dark second time in American history? I pray that we  remember a Georgian and his words. All I can say is we must, in spirit,  join together like those Georgians on a bridge called the Edmund  Pettus, who joined hands, who were called threats to our democracy, who  were called outrageous epithets when they sought to expand our  democracy, to save it, to heal it--when they joined arm in arm and said  what we should say now, commit ourselves to that ideal, that together,  we shall overcome.   (Applause.)   The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader.   