 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2989, the  Financial Transparency Act of 2021, introduced by my friend and  colleague, Mrs. Maloney.   I appreciate all her hard work on this important bill over the last  six years to help make data more available to Americans and establish a  framework to reduce regulatory compliance costs.   We can all agree that data is important.   In the 21st century, data is critical to growing our knowledge-based  economy.   Reliable data not only drives decisions in the private sector, but it  also drives decisions within the federal government.   Yet, data is only useful if one (1) can find it and (2) understand  it.   Trying to access data within the federal government, and in  particular financial services sector, is even more difficult.   Data is collected, maintained, and disclosed by the federal  government in outdated formats.   Moreover, the silos in the federal government and within the  financial services industry can make it more difficult for Americans to  access useful information.   H.R. 2989, the Financial Transparency Act of 2021, brings the  regulators and the financial industry into the 21st century.   This bill will require our regulatory agencies to work together to  establish data standards for regulatory reporting and to post the  information online in a publicly accessible format. This bill applies  to information the agencies already collect under current law.   This bill signals Congress' intent to have the information be  unambiguously identified in machine-readable data formats.   Automating how data is handled will make it easier for oversight  agencies to quickly identify what needs further investigation, keeping  small issues from becoming bigger ones, and allowing us to use  government resources more wisely and efficiently.   Automating how data is handled will allow regulated entities to  automate much of their reporting processes.   It is also important to note what this bill does not do.   H.R. 2989 does not support any particular technology. Nothing needs  to be invented to satisfy this bill. There are a range of technologies  available that have been developed exactly for these needs in the US  and globally.   It does not change what gets reported. That is, it explicitly leaves  to the agencies control over their disclosure requirements.   Passage of the Financial Transparency Act is long overdue.   I applaud my friend, Congresswoman Maloney, for her unwavering  commitment to foster more transparency of the data collected by our  federal government and increase the efficiency for everyone who  generates, collects, and uses the information collected by our  financial regulators.   