 Mr. President, before making a comment related to Vanita  Gupta, which is before the Senate, I would like to respond briefly to  the minority leader Senator McConnell's remarks.   The Senate is a venerable institution, but when it comes to defining  infrastructure in the 21st century, what we are hearing from the other  side of the aisle is not venerable thinking. It  [[Page S2092]]  isn't even old-fashioned thinking. It isn't in tune with the times in  America. It doesn't reflect reality.   For the Republicans to argue that unless it is bricks and mortar, the  government shouldn't be involved in building it for the good of the  economy and the strength of business and good-paying jobs really is  sinking their head deep into the sand.   And I think we ought to make a record, at least for the moment, that  in the last 4 years of the last Presidential administration, there were  no infrastructure bills--none. After all the promises of the Trump  campaign and what he would bring, nothing happened--nothing. So to be  lectured by the Republicans about what infrastructure is all about is  to suggest to them that they missed a golden opportunity to help  America, and we are not going to miss it.   To think that the Republican definition of infrastructure in America  does not include the expansion of broadband coverage across this  Nation--what are they thinking? Their minds are back 10 and 20 years  ago.   Is broadband coverage for all Americans in every corner of this  country a socialist idea to the Republicans? I think it is a  commonsense idea to the people of America. They know it when their kids  have laptops, and they have to sit in the parking lot of a library or  next to a McDonald's or Starbucks in order to get access. They know  what that means to their child, to their student in terms of their  progress. Businesses know it too.   Try to advertise some section of America without access to broadband  coverage to locate a new business. It is a laughing matter, and we know  it.   So when President Biden suggests that broadband is part of  infrastructure in America and then he is mocked as being a socialist by  the Republicans, we have a clear definition of where the party values  are today.   When it comes to other basic things, the Senator from Kentucky just  doesn't empathize with what families go through to put people on the  job. It isn't just a matter of finding a good job and being qualified  to fill that job. There is also a family concern--a family concern that  can literally make a difference as to whether you take that job.   The Democrats believe that childcare--affordable quality childcare-- is part of the equation in terms of good-paying jobs being filled by  Americans, where families want to be sure their kids are safe.   Is that socialism? Is that another example of socialism for the  Republicans--quality daycare, affordable for families? It is not  socialism in my book. It is a family value. That is why I think the  efforts of the Republicans to run down President Biden's attempts to  strengthen this economy really are antiquated and perhaps not in the  best interest of this country.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call  with respect to the Gupta nomination be waived.    Mr. President, it has been many years ago that I went to  law school, and I still remember some of the courses and some of the  teachers and certainly some of my grades. One of the most interesting  courses that should have been required of every student in every law  school in America basically was about this document, this Constitution,  because in its simplicity, you are sometimes put off by the fact that  there is real wisdom behind the words, and applying them in real life  can take twists and turns. I found one way, a quick course in  constitutional law, where average people come to understand the Bill of  Rights better than most, and I found this when I was practicing law in  Springfield, IL.   I would get a telephone call from a parent who would say to me:  Durbin, you have got to help me. They arrested my 17-year-old son for  possession of marijuana. What are his rights under the Constitution?  Did they give him a Miranda warning?   I started hearing things from parents coming back to me about this  document, which I was surprised--surprised to hear. The point I am  trying to make is this: The many years ago when I was practicing law in  Springfield, IL, we were going through a learning process about drugs  and addiction, and it has continued to this day. In fact, I don't  believe there is a single Senator on either side of the aisle who would  say: You know, I have been here 20 years or plus, and I have never  changed my views on drugs. Maybe some feel that way. I am not one of  them.   There have been dramatic changes in the American attitude toward  drugs. I think we know that, obviously. There have been changes in many  States. In my State of Illinois, I think about that parent who called  so many years ago--in a State where the sale and possession of  marijuana and products made with marijuana is now legal and taxed.   Things have changed dramatically when it comes to drugs. There are  very few people who hold to the old school, which says: Simple  possession of one marijuana cigarette, and we are going to put you in  jail and throw away the key.   No, it has changed a lot. In fact, it has changed in Washington so  much so that there was a bill called the FIRST STEP Act. The FIRST STEP  Act was a bill that I worked on with Senator Grassley and Senator Lee  and Senator Booker, who is here today, that basically said: We are  changing our attitude toward drugs. Simple possession of a small amount  of drugs will not require a mandatory minimum sentence because we have  seen the terrible outcome otherwise.   We put that bill together on a bipartisan basis, and President Donald  Trump signed the bill into law. He not only signed it but came before  us in the State of the Union Address and was proud of the fact that he  had changed and reformed drug laws.   So when I hear the arguments made on the floor that perhaps some  nominee coming before us may have changed her or his opinion on drugs  as, say, America has, by and large, think about what has happened with  this opioid crisis now that it is no longer just an--I say ``just,''  underlined--an inner-city crime but a crime that affects families who  live in wealthy suburbs. We now are looking at addiction so  differently.   So let's go to this issue of Vanita Gupta and her positions on drugs.  In questions for the record, Senator Cornyn, the senior Senator from  Texas, asked Vanita Gupta what research, books, studies, and other  material did you rely on before concluding that ``all drugs should be  legal''?   Gupta said that she has never said that all drugs should be legal or  completely decriminalized.   In his floor speech last week, Senator Cornyn claimed 15 times that  Gupta had lied in response to this question. Senator Cornyn held up a  poster purportedly showing that Gupta had denied ever making a 2012  statement in favor of decriminalizing the simple possession of small  amounts of drugs. The Senator said: If you publish an op-ed saying the  sky is purple and now you say the sky is blue, don't tell us you never  thought the sky was purple.   Senator Cornyn's claim, I am afraid, is false. Vanita Gupta was  completely honest and forthright. Cornyn's poster left out the very  next sentence of Gupta's response, in which she clearly acknowledged  her past position on decriminalizing the simple possession of drugs.  Gupta stated, and I quote: ``I have never advocated for the  decriminalization of all drugs, and I do not support the  decriminalization of all drugs. In 2012, nine years ago, I coauthored  an article that advocated for states to decriminalize and defelonize  simple possession of all drugs, particularly marijuana, and for small  amounts of other drugs.''   Does this sound like a person who is on a crusade to promote  fentanyl, opioids, heroin? It sounds like a person who might have voted  for the FIRST STEP Act, signed into law by President Donald Trump, who  said we have to take an honest look at what arrest and imprisonment for  simple possession of drugs has done to America. When one out of three  Black adult males, has, unfortunately, a history of incarceration, it  raises a question about overincarcerating for possession--possession-- of drugs. So I think this argument that she cannot be trusted on the  issue of drugs falls apart when you read what she actually said.   Then there is the question of defunding the police. I don't know who  dreamed up that phrase. I don't think much of it. I have never espoused  it nor argued for it because I think it is so misleading, and, in many  respects, it has been exploited.   Republicans like to claim that Vanita Gupta supports efforts to  defund the police. She has never called for defunding the police.  Suggesting she has done so, including an ad by the conservative, dark  money-funded Judicial Crisis Network--they pop up around here whenever  mysterious groups want to spend millions of dollars to discredit  someone. These claims in that ad are patently false.   A Washington Post editorial wrote of the Judicial Crisis Network  claim: ``Awkwardly, there's zero proof of that, including in the ad's  own footnoted citation.'' The Washington Post called Judicial Crisis  Network's ad a ``baseless smear campaign,'' ``categorically  [[Page S2097]]  dishonest,'' and ``mainly notable for the magnitude of lies and  distortions it crams into 30 seconds.''   And listen to the response and the source. The executive director of  the National Fraternal Order of Police, Jim Pasco, called this ad that  claimed that Gupta wanted to defund the police--do you know what he  called it?--``partisan demagoguery.'' And yet we still hear it on the  floor of the Senate as if it is gospel truth.   The Fraternal Order of Police supports Vanita Gupta's nomination to  this position in the Department of Justice, and they aren't the only  ones. Virtually every major law enforcement group supports Vanita  Gupta. You wouldn't know that, would you, when you hear on the floor  that she wants to legalize all drugs and take the money away from  police. Those simplistic statements belie the truth and the fact that  these organizations support her.   The Republicans, starting with Senator McConnell and continuing to  this moment, will not acknowledge the obvious. These are hard-nosed  organizations that don't give their endorsement out easily, and they  weren't fooled by Vanita Gupta. They know Vanita Gupta.   In a letter to the Senate endorsing Gupta's nomination, the president  of the Major County Sheriffs' Association of America--that is a pretty  hard-nosed group. Here is what they wrote: ``During our meetings, Ms.  Gupta emphasized that she does not support efforts to defund the  police.'' They addressed it directly. They didn't beat around the bush.  You don't expect them to; do you?   During her tenure at the Justice Department, Vanita Gupta worked  closely for law enforcement, which is why the Senate has received  numerous letters of support for her nomination from law enforcement  groups. I can go through the list, and it is long. I won't. Trust me,  it has all been entered into the Record. Every Senator--Democrat and  Republican--has had a chance to see it.   But I think there is something more fundamental to this nomination,  which we are considering Wednesday, April 21, in the year 2021. Late  yesterday afternoon, a verdict in a trial in Minnesota captured the  attention of America and other places around the world. We all know  what it was about. It was about the death of George Floyd and the  culpability of a law enforcement officer in his death. It was a trial  that was followed as closely as any trial that I can remember, and the  verdict against the police officer gave some people the hope that we  are finally going to walk down that path again of civil rights and be  honest about it and demand equality under the law for everyone in this  country in the enforcement of law.   I hope that happens, and I hope that we can be a part of it--and we  should be--in the U.S. Senate. But I will tell you, and I can predict  with certainty, that it is going to be a rocky path for those advocates  for asserting civil rights. History has shown it, and many of us have  lived it, at least as witnesses, that those who step out and speak out  for civil rights and human rights often pay a heavy price.   One of the people in our history--our recent history--who has done  just that is Vanita Gupta, the nominee who is before us today.   I mentioned earlier, and I want to commend to my colleagues and  anyone else, this book ``Tulia,'' written by a man named Nate  Blakeslee. It is a story of a town in Texas. I want to briefly describe  to you why they would write a book about this town in Texas.    Sure.   Let me read the summary of this book and the book cover. I have had a  chance to read parts of it but not in its entirety. Here is what it  says: ``Early one morning in the summer of 1999, authorities in the  tiny West Texas town of Tulia began a roundup of suspected drug  dealers. By the time the sweep was done, over 40 people had been  arrested and one out of every five black adults in town was behind  bars, all accused of dealing cocaine to the same undercover officer,  Tom Coleman. Coleman, the son of a well-known Texas Ranger, had been  named Officer of the Year in Texas. Not until after the trials, in  which Coleman's uncorroborated testimony secured sentences as long as  361 years, did it become apparent that Coleman was not the man he  claimed to be. By then, two dozen people were imprisoned, and the town  of Tulia had become a battlefield in the national debate over the war  on drugs.''    And there they sat, dozens of them, in prison, accused of serious  drug crimes.   And then a young lady graduated from law school and went to work in  the area of civil rights. Six months out of law school, she traveled to  Tulia, TX. Her assignment? Bring justice to the situation. I can't  imagine, 6 months out of law school, barely having passed some State's  bar exam, to be given that assignment. The woman, of course, was Vanita  Gupta, and she got on a plane from New York. Her civil rights  organization sent her to Tulia, TX, to take on this injustice.   By then, they were all sitting in jail. Most of them were African  American. And she was sent to Tulia, TX, to rescue them and try to help  them.   Well, she quickly assessed the situation, decided writs of habeas  corpus would have to be filed to try to get reconsideration of the  charges against these individuals, and then she quickly realized she  was in over her head. She couldn't do this alone. There were too many  cases.   So she went back to New York and started calling law firms, saying: I  need your help. I need pro bono attorneys, volunteer attorneys who will  help me do this case. She tackled it and took it on, and at the end of  the day, this brave young woman, whom we are about to vote on in an  hour and a half, was responsible for leading a team that liberated  these prisoners.   The Republican Governor of the State of Texas officially pardoned  them for the drug crimes they had been charged with, and the State of  Texas offered damages to them for what they had suffered.   I can't imagine Vanita Gupta, fresh out of law school, heading down  to this town of Texas and tackling this. How about that for your first  assignment? Most new lawyers are stuck in a library looking up  footnotes and cases. She didn't waste any time but to go down there.   The reason I raise that is, at this moment today, not even 24 hours  after the verdict in the trial in Minneapolis, we are going to need  people just like her who have the courage to stand up for civil rights,  against what seem to be insurmountable odds, to bring back this Nation  of ours--Black and White and Brown--together in moving forward.   I don't believe she should be discredited, dishonored by what is said  on the floor of the Senate. She should be praised for her courage and  determination.   She went on to serve in the Department of Justice as the head of the  Civil Rights Division. She took that responsibility, and that is not an  easy assignment. Many times, that division is called on to deal with  police departments and law enforcement and to tell them the bad news  that sometimes they had done things that are just plain wrong and  unacceptable. She did it. She did it with class, with integrity, and  the same law enforcement organizations have endorsed her today.   The Republicans who criticize her and they have come to the floor and  called her a ``radical cultural warrior''--``radical cultural  warrior.'' Recently, she was just called on the floor ``a clear-and- present danger.'' I find it hard to imagine that anyone could read or  know of any section of what she did in this book and describe her as a  ``radical cultural warrior.''   She brought justice to a situation where few people could have done  it and did it fresh out of law school. She is an extraordinary person.  She is a courageous person. She is a person of integrity and honesty  and dedication to public service. I am happy to support her nomination.   I will yield for a question.    I yield for a question.    Thank you, Senator.   I will reconcile it in the words of Vanita Gupta: ``In 2012, I  coauthored an article that advocated for states to decriminalize and  defelonize simple possession of all drugs, particularly marijuana, and  for small amounts of other drugs.''   How much more clarity do you need?   Now, you and I know that we live by our words. And many times, even  as Senators, people find statements and speeches that we have made and  come back and challenge us. And I would just say, her statement is not  only clear, it is a mainstream statement. To argue that this woman is  for legalizing all drugs, as someone has suggested, is ridiculous. She  has never said that, and she had made it clear what her position is,  and it is a position which most Americans share.    Mr. President, I reclaim my time, if the Senator is  finished.   So do you believe that the Fraternal Order of Police thinks that she  wants to decriminalize and legalize all drugs? Do you think the county  sheriffs association believes that? Do you think they ever would have  endorsed her nomination if they believed that for 1 minute?   They don't. I don't. Her words are clear.   The Senator from New Jersey had a question.    Let me stipulate, Mr. President, a pretty large mouse.    Mr. President, I will tell you what, let me end my  remarks, then, and just say to the Senator from New Jersey, I am here  to listen to him as well and to close by saying this extraordinary  woman is presenting her credentials for approval by the U.S. Senate at  exactly the right moment in history.   We need, in the Department of Justice, Vanita Gupta, who has given a  lifetime of courageous service in the pursuit of justice and in the  pursuit of civil rights.   Is there a lesson from Minnesota that we should bring to the floor of  the Senate? It is the fact that we need people like her who can  communicate effectively with law enforcement and civil rights groups  and resolve our differences, more at this moment in history than ever.   If you can still remember that verdict--and I will remember it for a  long, long time, as others will--when you cast your vote on the Senate  floor today, vote for Vanita Gupta to be part of this Department of  Justice team.   At this moment in American history, never have we needed a person  with her qualifications more than at this moment.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I would guess if the American people  could give us a word of advice in the Senate, they would suggest that  we do our best to work together and to try to establish priorities and  meet them, and that we try to bring to the new administration of  President Joseph Biden the most competent and qualified people that we  can to help our Nation through this pandemic and our economic recovery.  It is in that spirit that I close the debate on Vanita Gupta to be the  next Associate Attorney General of the United States.   Yesterday's verdict in Minnesota certainly caught the attention of  many in America and across the world. The killing of George Floyd was  resolved in a court of law. Sadly, he will not be with us, but his  legacy lives on, and it depends on us to use that legacy to make  America a better nation.   Can we really come together and put law enforcement at the table with  community leaders and civil rights leaders and find common ground?   Can we keep our streets and communities and neighborhoods safe and do  it without discrimination against any person or group in America?   These are big challenges--tough challenges. But to meet them, we need  the right people in positions of leadership. Vanita Gupta is one of  those people.   As a former civil rights advocate, she did extraordinary things--in  Tulia, TX, and many other places--to show progress in the area of civil  rights.   As a former acting Assistant Attorney General in charge of civil  rights, she worked with law enforcement organizations to try to resolve  the very problems that we have seen in Minnesota and Illinois and  virtually in every other State. She is a dedicated professional with an  extraordinary resume who wants to continue to serve this Nation.    Will she be able to work with law enforcement groups? Well, they  think so because they support her. There is a long litany: National  Sheriffs' Association, Major County Sheriffs of America, International  Association of Chiefs of Police, Major Cities Chiefs, 53 former police  chiefs or sheriffs, the Police Executive Research Forum, the Federal  Law Enforcement Officers Association. The list goes on and on.   But the simplest statement that was made comes from a pretty hard- nosed group, the Fraternal Order of Police, and those who are in  politics know you have to work to earn their support. Here is what they  said about Vanita Gupta: ``Gupta always worked with us to find common  ground, even when that seemed impossible.''   Isn't that exactly what we want at this moment in American history as  we cope with the civil rights challenges of our age? This is our  chance.   I hope the Senate, with its vote--I hope it is a bipartisan vote-- will give Vanita Gupta the chance to serve America again.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   