 Mr. President, in just a few weeks, our Nation will  come together to remember September 11. It will be the 20th anniversary  of that unspeakable act of horror, an attack on our Nation that  devastated us and, most particularly, the families and loved ones who  lost members of their family and friends--the fallen--who will be  remembered on that day and honored.   And I have been honored to stand with those families over the years,  as many of us have, as they remember their loved ones and continue to  face the trauma and immeasurable grief of their loss. And in these  years, many of those families have sought justice. They have tried to  honor their loved ones with action to vindicate not only their  individual grief and mourning but also justice for our Nation, truth,  and truth-telling in the courts of law in this country. They have  brought legal action against the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in the face of  mounting, significant credible evidence that, in fact, the Saudis aided  and abetted that attack on our Nation.   As a Congress, we have acted to support that effort, and I was proud  to help to lead the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, known as  JASTA, when we passed it overwhelmingly here, and then on a bipartisan  basis, we overrode the President's veto. It was President Obama who  vetoed it, and many of us, including the Presiding Officer, voted to  override that veto, I believe.   We opened the courthouse doors to the 9/11 families in their legal  effort to hold Saudi Arabia accountable in the face of that evidence of  its potential complicity. Again, I was proud to stand with these  families in 2018 when I introduced, with the help of Senators  [[Page S5158]]  Cornyn, Schumer, Gillibrand, Murphy, and Menendez, a resolution urging  that documents related to the September 11 attack be declassified to  the greatest extent possible.   That resolution passed the U.S. Senate unanimously--unanimously-- because all of us recognized that the survivors and the families of the  fallen and the American people deserved answers, the truth about what  happened on September 11, who was behind it, who supported it, who  aided and abetted, and who was complicit in enabling that handful of  terrorists to do such a devastating attack and unspeakable horror on  this Nation. Many of us have stood with those families to ensure that  the 9/11 families not only get their day in court but are also able to  go to court with all the evidence they need to have a fair chance to  prove their case.   I have asked questions at oversight hearings, including of Director  Wray of the FBI. I have sought commitments from nominees like Attorney  General Garland. I have written letter after letter after letter, with  Democrats and Republicans alike, calling on the Department of Justice  and the FBI to provide information that the 9/11 families have  requested.   I am proud to continue to stand with those families as we approach  this 20th anniversary date, but I also, in fairness to this  administration, want to say that the moment of truth-telling now has  arrived, and there is a moment of reckoning here.   These families, since JASTA, have been engaged in an epic legal  struggle against the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for aiding and abetting  the terrorists who attacked the United States on September 11, but now  that struggle is also one against their own government, our government,  because while Congress did our job in passing JASTA, opening the  courthouse door to give those 9/11 families a chance at justice, the  last administration invoked the state secrets privilege without  explanation to shield the documents and information the 9/11 families  need to make their case.   The last administration denied them their fair day in court, and I  say with great regret that the current administration seems intent on  doing the same. My hope is otherwise. That is the reason I have raised  this issue publicly and privately repeatedly, not only in the last  years but in the last weeks. To deny information to the 9/11 families  and, equally important, to the American people is unacceptable, and it  is unconscionable.   The requests that I and so many of my colleagues have made to the  Department of Justice and the FBI to disclose and declassify what can  be disclosed and declassified in the national interest--those requests  have gone unanswered. Sadly, the executive branch across  administrations has repeatedly failed to provide any explanation--let  me repeat: failed to provide any explanation--let alone meaningful  justification for why there has been no disclosure. That denial of  explanation or justification is itself also unacceptable and  unconscionable. These families will never get their loved ones back,  but at the very least, they should get answers. In fact, they deserve  answers. They deserve the truth. The American people deserve the truth.   Now, what the executive branch has done is to invoke broadly and  unspecifically something called state secrets privilege. State secrets  privilege was and remains intended to prevent court-ordered disclosure  of government information when genuine and significant harm to the  national defense or foreign relations is at stake but only to the  extent necessary to safeguard those interests.   It is also clear under the Department of Justice rules that it should  be invoked only upon sufficient showing that it is necessary ``to  protect information the unauthorized disclosure of which could  reasonably be expected to cause significant harm to national security  and that the invocation be narrowly tailored for that specific  purpose.''   Here is the problem: We don't know if that is what happened in the 9/ 11 families' case or in many other cases. We don't know whether  decisions to invoke this privilege met this high and exacting standard  or were narrowly tailored. And we don't know because in the 9/11  families' case, the Department of Justice and the FBI have claimed that  even the Trump administration's ``justification for secrecy needed to  remain secret'' and the ``public discussion of the issue `would reveal  information that could cause the very harms [the] assertion of the  state secrets privilege is intended to prevent.' '' These blanket  assertions and vague justifications undermine both public confidence  that our government will only invoke the privilege to protect national  security and the pursuit of justice.    Now, let's be very clear. There are times when disclosure can imperil  methods and secrets and sources in information gathering. There are  times when secrecy is important to protect an ongoing investigation. We  are talking here about disclosure of information relating to an attack  20 years ago. There is no indication of any ongoing investigation into  the attack on our country. There has been no explanation that sources  and methods may be imperiled. There has been no justification  whatsoever.   Similar rationales, blanket assertions of protection, have prevented  explanations in other cases as well and in some instances have led to  the withholding of documents or information and outright dismissal of  cases, depriving victims of an opportunity for justice.   In 1948, three civilians were killed when a B-29 aircraft testing  secret electronic equipment crashed in Waycross, GA. Their grieving  widows did the only thing they could, bringing a wrongful death action  in Federal court against the government. But the invocation of the  state secrets privilege prevented them from receiving justice and the  truth.   In 2003, Macedonian officials abducted a German citizen at the  request of the CIA. In that instance as well, justice was sought  unsuccessfully, and the case was dismissed because the government  invoked the state secrets privilege.   In 2006, the FBI allegedly engaged in the targeted religious  profiling of Muslims in Southern California. If true, it was and it  remains an egregious abuse, one that led these individuals to sue the  FBI. But rather than let the case proceed and rather than let the truth  come to light about what the FBI did and why, the government asked the  trial court to dismiss the case on the basis of the state secrets  privilege, and the trial court agreed. This case, however, is not yet  over because the Supreme Court will hear it in the fall after it has  wound its way through the lower courts. As we know, justice is often  delayed. In this instance, justice delayed is justice denied, again  because of the state secrets privilege.   Let me close with a bit of history. On September 11, 2019, the then- President of the United States, Donald Trump, made a promise. He made a  promise to the 9/11 families. He made a promise to them to their faces.  He looked them in the eye, shook their hands, and he told them that the  Department of Justice would disclose documents relative to their case  against the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The next day, the Attorney General  of the United States, William Barr, in a sworn declaration to the  Southern District of New York Federal Court, invoked the state secrets  privilege to prevent the release of the very information that the  President of the United States had promised those families, the same  documents, the same evidence that the President of the United States  had vowed to disclose. The very next day, the Attorney General of the  United States went into the Federal District Court in New York and said  no.   The 9/11 families, whom I have come to know and admire, deserved so  much better from the last administration. But it is not about one  administration or another. It is about the United States providing them  with the truth. It is about our government providing the people of the  United States with the truth.   I will be coming back to the floor in the weeks ahead, and I hope my  colleagues will join me in raising this issue, in calling on the  Department of Justice and the FBI to review their decision invoking  this privilege, to declassify and disclose information that they have  withheld. They have yet to explain why the national interest is served  by this blanket, unjustified, and unexplained invocation of the state  secrets privilege. The 9/11 families and  [[Page S5159]]  the American public deserve that much and more. And this case is about  accountability. It is about holding accountable the Kingdom of Saudi  Arabia.    I am not here to argue the case in court. I am not here to take issue  with any legitimate, urgent, narrowly-tailored interest that may be  served by this Privilege, but there is no indication of any such  interest and, in fact, neither the FBI nor the Department of Justice  should stand in the way of justice for these families in court.   They owe the American people an explanation, and they owe the 9/11  families the truth so they can bring it to bear in their quest for  justice.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   