 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  2877, the BIG Act.   Without question, we have all seen how the mental health issues in  America have been growing, and they have been exacerbated by the COVID- 19 pandemic. The urgency to address this crisis has become more dire as  we are seeing how fear, anxiety, financial problems, and particularly  isolation have compounded these issues. We see this across the board  but particularly with our young people.   We must tackle these issues head-on, and that is why I am honored to  support the BIG Act.   This straightforward bill works to provide local communities and  educational systems with the tools that they need to help identify  mental health needs before it is too late.   As a healthcare provider, I can tell my colleagues that early  intervention is vitally important, and putting teams together that  recognize the needs and see the problems with students before it is too  late is important. The last thing that we want to see our students go  through is the process of dropping out of school because of issues or  problems with behavior or with their classmates. Most importantly, we  never want to see them do harm to themselves or to others.   This bill provides the resources and the best practices from around  the country in one site where school districts and different  organizations can come together to put together the programs that will  work best for them.   Congress must step up to confront this challenge, but doing so  successfully will require input from an awful lot of people. That is  what this bill does.   This is a bipartisan, bicameral bill. It has widespread support from  places like Texas A&M as you mentioned, the University of California;  and in my home district, Columbus State University. It has the support  of mental health organizations, mental health providers, and other  individuals across this country.   Together, we can and should increase the mental health well-being of  our fellow Americans.   National Mental Health Awareness Month is going on, and it is so  important that we act to improve access across our country to high- quality, evidence-based mental healthcare services. That is why I ask  my colleagues to join in supporting the BIG Act.   