 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, the legislation before us today is clearly a wiser  course of action than that which my House Democrat colleagues pursued  just a few weeks ago. As a reminder, despite House Republicans  specifically raising the concern over the risk House Democrats were  taking with the healthcare of America's seniors, our Democrat  colleagues first dismissed the fact that their recently enacted $1.9  trillion bailout bill would lead to billions in cuts to Medicare. Then,  after passing their bill, and after the President signed into law a  plan that would lead to $36 billion in cuts to Medicare, Democrats  suddenly felt compelled to acknowledge that fact.   Unfortunately, when they chose to act, Democrats chose a course of  action that completely failed. I say chose that course of action  because they could have protected America's seniors and offset the  impact to the budget by adopting the Protect Seniors and Cut Waste Act  put forward by House Republicans, which would:   Stop benefits and payments to prisoners and illegal immigrants; stop  funds from the bailout bail for the National Endowment for the Arts and  National Endowment for the Humanities; stop special handouts for  Federal employees; and rescind billions in bailouts that go to State  governments.   Our Democrat colleagues were unwilling to accept such a commonsense  approach. They wanted to simply pretend $1.9 trillion in spending is  not happening and erase the evidence.   Thankfully, the Senate, in a bipartisan vote of 90-2, agreed to the  bill that is before us today--legislation that postpones the Budget  Control Act's reduction in Medicare spending that is otherwise set to  begin this month. It offsets and achieves those savings by extending  future funding restraints an additional year.   It avoids a cut to Medicare that is smaller than that which is set to  occur because of the Biden bailout bill, but it also does not simply  shove under the  [[Page H1731]]  rug the cost of the debt-inducing actions taken by Washington Democrats  thus far. They will have to deal with those actions and their spending.   In the meantime, we can and should act on the legislation before us  to do what is prudent and possible to protect America's seniors.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I will just say that  Republicans don't cut Medicare. In fact, the Biden bailout bill that  was passed cut $36 billion a year in Medicare. Yet, the Senate  Democrats have not done anything in regard to those Medicare cuts to  seniors in the Biden bailout bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   