 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of  Richard Trumka, one of the most dedicated champions of labor and  working families in our Nation's history. Like so many others--I don't  have a photo like Andy has--but I will tell you, my moments in time  where I got to speak to and visit with a legend were ones that are  seared in my memory because he just brought out the best in everyone  around him. The lives he impacted and the people he moved will never be  forgotten.   We all know that he started his career as a union man in the mines in  Pennsylvania, like his father and grandfather before him, working his  way through college and law school as a miner.   After law school, instead of leaving the world he knew behind, Rich  decided to use his skills to fight on behalf of it and dedicated the  rest of his career to the labor movement, to the hardworking men and  women of labor,  [[Page H5923]]  eventually becoming the president of the largest labor union in the  United States of America.   He had an unrivaled sense of grit and determination that was paired  with a deeply-held belief in the dignity of all work, and the rights of  all workers. It was this combination that led him to spend his whole  life fighting to ensure that every American worker has access to the  wages, safety, healthcare, and finances that they deserve.   Rich spent every day pushing to ensure that the American worker could  build a good and honorable middle class life through their own hard  work. You could feel it when you spent time with him. He was just  somebody who cared deeply about the people around him, and then making  sure everyone's best days were ahead of them.   He was innovative and forward-thinking, constantly working to build  an AFL-CIO for the 21st century. In fact, I argue that the AFL-CIO and  the modern labor movement are what they are because of Mr. Trumka. The  hardworking women and men of labor are better off, and our country is  better off because of the legacy that he leaves behind.   He, in many ways, is irreplaceable and will be deeply missed by so  many men and women across our country for so many years to come. We  will never forget him. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in  remembering a great leader, Richard Trumka.   