 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop  during my remarks.    Madam President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  opposing the motion to discharge President Biden's nominee to lead the  Bureau of Land Management, Tracy Stone-Manning.   Since Ms. Stone-Manning's first hearing in the beginning of June,  members of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee have gathered  copious amounts of information regarding a number of controversies that  disqualify her for this important role within our Federal Government.   As has been highlighted today, Ms. Stone-Manning was involved in a  tree-spiking plot as a member of the ecoterrorist group Earth First!--a  tree-spiking plot.   I have to tell you, I didn't know what tree spiking was until a  couple of weeks ago.   Could you imagine taking this nail and driving it into a tree with  the hopes it would deter that tree from ever being cut down   And the concern is, someone that would take a chain saw, cutting  through that tree, when they would hit this spike, what would happen?   I, unfortunately, had to take care of more than one chain saw  situation in the emergency room. Let me tell you about a chain saw  accident. The chain doesn't cut the flesh; it tears the flesh apart. It  tears the skin apart, the muscles apart. It grabs the tendon and  literally wraps them around the chain saw, usually permanently maiming  people.   So could you imagine, if a chain saw hit this spike, what would  happen?   Again, I have ran a chain saw before, and I know, as you are running  the chain saw and you hit something solid, something hard--a knot-- sometimes that chain saw bounces. It bounces back into your body. And  that is where most of the accidents occur.   So could you imagine, if that chain saw hit this spike, the chain saw  is going to bounce back, going to recoil into the person's body, and  turns this spike into a piece of shrapnel?   This Earth First! Ms. Stone was a member of is a radical organization  that spanned the late 1980s and early 1990s, during the peak years of  what is often referred to as ``the wilderness wars.'' As described by  the Wall Street Journal, Earth First! had, at the time, ``defined  itself''--and I should quote here, ``defined itself as the tip of the  fanatical spear,'' and Ms. Stone-Manning was referred to as ``an Earth  First! spokesperson.''   Debuting in 1985, the group engaged in a number of protests over the  expansion of certain campgrounds and street theater asking people to  take oaths to protect the Earth. However, they graduated into violence  and ecoterrorist activities, including arson, equipment destruction,  and the dangerous practice of tree spiking, which mangles saws and can  easily result in the death of loggers.   In 1989, Ms. Stone-Manning was involved in an incident of tree  spiking herself. Despite her denial, she was aware of the act being  carried out, aided those who were involved, and helped cover it up. She  obstructed the investigation and, finally, traded testimony for  immunity.   At a time when the Biden administration has declared domestic  extremism as one of the biggest threats the United States faces today,  how can the President nominate someone with a record like this to lead  the Agency that governs one-eighth of the country's landmass? How can  this body bring her confirmation vote to the floor?   It is reckless and dripping with hypocrisy.  [[Page S5086]]    Republican Members who have come to the floor today are not the only  individuals who believe she is unfit for this role. President Obama's  first Bureau of Land Management Director, Bobby Abbey, who led the  Agency from 2009 to 2012, said last month that Ms. Stone-Manning should  withdraw her nomination due to her involvement in the tree-spiking  case.   Steve Ellis, who served as Deputy Director of BLM under President  Obama, joined Mr. Abbey last week in expressing his concern about Ms.  Stone-Manning's nomination, stating the leader of the BLM must--again,  I quote--``be respected by career employees and across the landscape,  in both blue and red states'' in order to be effective.   In addition to her involvement with Earth First! and this horrific  tree-spiking incident, Ms. Stone-Manning had a questionable financial  history during her time serving in government. During the lengthy  hearing process, I was alarmed to learn that Ms. Stone-Manning received  a $100,000 loan from a Montana land developer and Democratic donor when  she worked as a congressional staffer. Senate Ethics rules and Federal  statute prohibit Senate staff from accepting gifts greater than $250,  including a loan, unless a waiver is granted.   By Ms. Stone-Manning's own admission, she did not consult with Senate  Ethics about the loan, she did not disclose the loan to the Senate  Ethics Committee, she did not seek a written determination that the  personal friendship exemption applied, and she did not receive a  written determination that the personal friendship exemption applied.   Unfortunately, Ms. Stone-Manning has also been unable to provide any  written documentation of the terms of the loan, the schedule of  payments, the actual payments, or any other relevant documents. We can  only rely on contradictory statements from the hearing and her vague  responses to our questions submitted for the record. Many of her  answers only lead to further questions about the legality and morality  of accepting such a large loan.   Due to the radical nature of many of President Biden's nominees, the  majority leader has been forced to bring six motions to discharge to  the floor in order to clear them from the committee.   Under the previous power-sharing arrangements, which lasted for 5  months during the 107th Congress, there were no instances where  Majority Leader Trent Lott had to utilize a motion to discharge. With  at least four other nominees having received a tie in committee and  their nomination failing to be reported favorably, this practice is  becoming commonplace under this administration. Ms. Stone-Manning's  record of dishonesty should be unacceptable and is one of my many  issues that should make rational people question her integrity in a  position of power. I encourage all Members of this body to reject this  motion to discharge and this radical nominee.   I yield back.   