 Mr. President, like all of our colleagues, I was stunned  to wake up this morning and find out that our friend and colleague Mike  Enzi had been killed in a tragic accident, I think involving a bicycle,  and I think we are still reeling from that.   I just want to share a couple thoughts, if I could. I see the Senator  from Oklahoma is here to speak after me, and I will be brief.   I think maybe one of the last bills that Mike Enzi introduced, I was  privileged to cosponsor with him. It was a postal naming bill. We do  those from time to time, as the Presiding Officer knows. There is a  post office in Wyoming that under the bill would be named after the  late father of Bobbi Barrasso, Senator John Barrasso's wife. Her dad  had served in the military--I believe in World War II and the Korean  war, as I recall--with great honor and courage. He was awarded a number  of military awards, I think including the Bronze Star, maybe the Purple  Heart and others. I was privileged to cosponsor that bill, and it got  passed in wrap-up in Congress last December.   One of my first memories of serving in the U.S. Senate also involved  Mike Enzi. I was the Presiding Officer sitting right where you are  sitting, Mr. Presiding Officer, and Mike Enzi took the floor and began  to speak. He talked about something called the 80-20 rule, and I didn't  know what he was talking about. I heard several iterations of an 80-20  rule. But I listened to him talk. He talked a bit about how he and Ted  Kennedy, one of the most liberal Senators in the Senate, and Mike Enzi,  one of the more conservative Members of the Senate, how they managed to  work together and get a lot done as senior members of what would become  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, the HELP  Committee, here in the Senate.   I didn't know Mike Enzi. I was brand new here, and he had been here a  couple of years before that.   When he was finishing up, I asked one of the pages to give him a  note. The note said: Dear Senator Enzi, before you leave the floor,  would you come and chat with me?   I was sitting right there. It was a slow day, so he finished up, and  he came up to chat with me while I was sitting--presiding as Presiding  Officer.   I said: Mike, what is the 80-20 rule, and how does it apply here?   He talked about his relationship with Ted Kennedy. He said: Ted  Kennedy is one of the most liberal Democrats in the Senate, and I am  one of the more conservative Republicans. He said: We get a lot done.   And they really did. It was a very productive committee.   I said: How does the 80-20 rule work?   He said: Ted and I agree on about 80 percent of the issues that come  before our committee, and we disagree maybe on another 20 percent. He  said: What he and I have agreed to do is just--we focus on the 80  percent where we agree, and we just say the other 20 percent, we will  set that aside and take it up another day.   I said: Is that what you do?   He said: Yes.   I said: Is this something you just started doing recently?   He said: No. We have done it for several years.   I said: No kidding?   He said: No kidding.   And, you know, when I think about that, I know we are going through a  tough patch right now with infrastructure and trying to figure out how  to put together a bipartisan package with water and water  infrastructure, roads, highways, bridges, broadband, intercity  passenger rail, transit, and it is not easy. It is not easy.   As I heard about Mike's death today, I thought about that spirit, the  80-20 rule. Maybe we can take a little bit of that and use that to get  us across the finish line on the legislation that is being worked on. I  hope so. It is an important bill, and it is important legislation. A  lot of people in this country are counting on us to do that.   On a personal note, you can't think of Mike Enzi without thinking of  his wife Diana. They were inseparable. They were here. They were in  Wyoming and traveling all over the State together. As popular as he  was, she might have been even more popular. I know that is the case in  my State with my wife and me.   But I just want to say to her and to the Enzi family just a real  thank-you for sharing not just with the people of Wyoming, but the  people of this country, a very, very good man--a very good man. We are  grateful for that gift that you shared with us and mourn his death,  untimely; he died too soon. I feel thrilled and privileged to have  served with him.   With that, I yield the floor.   