 Madam President, the Senate will be voting tomorrow on  the nomination of Tommy Beaudreau to serve as the Deputy Secretary of  the Interior. If confirmed, he will play a critical role in managing  our Nation's public lands, our natural resources, our national parks,  our wildlife areas, and the Outer Continental Shelf. He will oversee  the management of the largest water supply in the West, and he will  also oversee our Nation's trust responsibilities to American Indian  Tribes and Alaska Natives. He will be responsible for the multiple uses  of our public lands.   One of the most important roles that he will fulfill is overseeing  the development of traditional and renewable energy supplies on public  lands and waters.   Energy production on public lands is the engine of Wyoming's economy.  It creates good-paying jobs. It provides tremendous revenue for the  State, and we use the essential services of the State funded by this,  like public education.   Mr. Beaudreau has extensive experience at the Department of the  Interior. He served in a leadership position during the Obama  administration. As an attorney in the private sector, he regularly  handled matters relating to the Department. He is an expert in his  field. His qualifications are clear. It is also clear from his  nomination hearing  [[Page S4577]]  that he understands America's needs for an ``all of the above'' energy  strategy. That strategy must include coal, oil, natural gas, nuclear  power, and renewables.   I appreciated his commitment to working with members of the Energy  and Natural Resources Committee. The Department needs to listen and  collaborate with the people of Wyoming and the West. These are the  States that rely heavily on energy production on our public lands. We  are the States that power America. We are the ones that will be hit the  hardest by President Biden's punishing Executive orders. This  administration has unleashed a barrage of Executive actions that  threaten to destroy the livelihoods of oil, natural gas, and coal  workers in the West. It is critical that Mr. Beaudreau keep those  Americans at the forefront of his mind as he works at the Department.  He can serve as a voice of reason in an administration that is waging a  war on American energy workers.   My goal is to hold Mr. Beaudreau and the Biden administration  accountable to the commitments that Mr. Beaudreau has made to our  committee, and I will support his nomination   