 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the crisis that is affecting our country right now, and it is the  crisis at our southern border. Later this week, I will travel to Texas  to inspect the situation firsthand.   My Republican colleagues and I will first say thank you to our law  enforcement officers who are there on the frontlines. Their work is  always important, and it is especially important at this time.   The President said on Sunday that he hopes to visit the border. He  said he hopes to visit the border ``at some point.'' Well, with all due  respect, the American people don't have time to wait. I invite the  President to join us this Friday. Come with us. See the situation.  Witness it firsthand.   Here are the facts. In the month of February, Federal agents  apprehended more than 100,000 illegal immigrants crossing our southern  border. That is more than double the number from last February. So in  just 28 days--28 days of February--over 100,000 illegal immigrants  crossed our border.   You know, illegal immigration numbers usually go down in the winter.  It rises in the spring and peaks in the summer. We have every reason to  expect that this is only going to get much worse in the months ahead.  Even the Biden administration admits it. They admit that we are on pace  this year to have more illegal immigrants than any year over the last 2  decades.   Why is this happening? Well, if you ask the migrants, they will tell  you the answer. His name is Joe Biden. There are photographs of  migrants near Tijuana wearing shirts that say: ``BIDEN PLEASE LET US  IN!''   They even use the Biden logo--his campaign logo--on their shirts.   So when did the surge of illegal immigrants start? Well, just after  President Biden took office on January 20. Before the month was over,  President Biden had already issued over seven Executive actions on  immigration alone.   As I detailed on the floor a couple of weeks ago, President Biden has  unveiled the most leftwing immigration agenda in the history of our  Nation. During the campaign last year, President Biden promised lavish  taxpayer benefits for illegal immigrants. So did Vice President Harris.   When the moderators at the Democratic debates asked who supported  free healthcare for illegal immigrants, President Biden raised his  hand. Vice President Harris also endorsed free healthcare for illegal  immigrants. President Biden promised not just amnesty but American  citizenship for illegal immigrants, and 26 Democrat Senators have  already signed onto the bill that he has proposed.   President Biden said in February that he will even give the  coronavirus vaccine to illegal immigrants. You come here illegally; you  get a free vaccine against coronavirus and free healthcare. No wonder  illegal immigrants are rushing to our borders.   But we all remember what happened 4 years ago after President Trump  was elected. Before he even issued most of his immigration policies,  illegal immigration plummeted. It went down by 40 percent the first 4  months of his Presidency. It was called ``The Trump Effect.'' It  happened even before his policies went into effect. It was because he  sent a clear message to the world. He said: Don't come here illegally  or we will send you right back home. That message was heard around the  world.   Now we are getting very different messages from this Biden White  House. As a result, we have ``The Biden Effect,'' which is the exact  opposite of what ``The Trump Effect'' did. We are having historic  increases in illegal immigration. They are promising free healthcare,  free education, free vaccines, offering amnesty, and even citizenship  for illegal immigrants.   Democrats just passed a bill that lets illegal immigrants get $1,400  checks. Senator Cotton and I tried to stop it. Every Democrat in the  U.S. Senate voted against our amendment. They voted to give hard-earned  taxpayer dollars to people who aren't even in the country legally.   The White House says publically that we will not expel any illegal  immigrants under the age of 18. That is what they have said publicly.  The White House Press Secretary even mocked that idea. As a result,  massive numbers of teens and children are crossing the border.   Secretary Mayorkas has told the whole world that if you are under 18,  you get a free pass. He went on television last week and said: ``We  will not expel your child. . . . We will care for that child and unite  that child with a responsible parent.   In that same interview, he said: ``I hope [children] will not  undertake that perilous journey'' to our border.   But as long as liberal policies are in place, it is a guarantee. They  will undertake the perilous journey. They will risk traveling at the  hands of smugglers, cartels, and human traffickers to get here.   Now we have a system that is overwhelmed. Our border agents can't  keep up. Immigration and Customs Enforcement just spent $86 million to  rent hotel rooms--hotel rooms for families who illegally crossed the  border; $86 million for hotel rooms for over 1,000 families.   It has been reported that more than 100 illegal immigrants who tested  positive for the coronavirus have been released into Texas. They were  told to quarantine after they traveled through the country to their  preferred destination in the United States. We don't know where they  are now or how many people they infected along the way. It could be in  Texas. It could be anywhere. It is very concerning to people all across  the country, and yet the White House is still in denial.   In fact, last week, the White House Press Secretary had to correct  herself. She accidentally used the word ``crisis'' when talking about  the border. A reporter asked her if that meant the White House was  finally acknowledging that it was a crisis. She said no. She said it  was just a ``challenge.''   Joe Biden promised us he would always tell us the truth. Yet the  Biden White House is trying to mislead the American people about one of  the most important issues that is facing our country today. It is not  working. The American public knows this is a crisis. Democrats may  think that this is some political game. In reality, this is a  humanitarian crisis. Thousands of children are being harmed because of  this.   Liberals talk a lot about how much compassion and empathy they feel.  The truth is, the policies that they have don't lead to compassionate  outcomes. They lead to some very cruel outcomes. As Secretary Mayorkas  admits, the journey north from Central America is a ``perilous'' one.  It is not safe for children. Large numbers of children who make the  journey are trafficked, sexually assaulted, or recruited by gangs. If  this year is like previous years, thousands and thousands of children  are going to be harmed because  [[Page S1687]]  they make the journey north. There is nothing compassionate about the  open border policy of this administration.   It didn't have to happen. It should not have happened, and the blame  rests squarely with President Biden and the open-border Democrats. In  less than 2 months, President Biden has already shown himself the most  open-borders President in our history as a Nation. It is no surprise  that the whole world has noticed.   This crisis will not fix itself. We need to take action. Republicans  have a series of commonsense solutions to improve this situation  immediately. They include enforcing the law, securing the border, and  restoring the policy called ``Remain in Mexico.'' Without these, the  Biden border crisis is going to continue to undermine our Nation's  safety and its security.   I yield the floor    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, the Democrats have just passed a $1.9  trillion spending package. They filled the bill with lots of partisan  priorities. They refused to work with Members on this side of the  aisle. Almost all of what we are doing here--have done there is going  on a credit card. That is going to have to be paid for by our children  and their children.   Democrats also ignored the Medicare sequester as part of that $1.9  trillion bill. As a doctor, I have cared for patients in Wyoming for  more than two decades. I cannot ignore this decision.   There are more cuts to healthcare providers serving seniors. That is  what these have done. They go into effect starting April 1. They are  coming.   Congress must help those working on the frontlines fighting the  COVID-19 pandemic. It should be our highest priority. Ignoring cuts to  Medicare while spending $1.9 trillion on other things, to me, is  irresponsible.   Instead, just a few days after their partisan spending bill was  signed into law, here we have the chairman of the Budget Committee back  asking for additional money.   Now, he knows the right thing to do is to help these Medicare  providers on the frontlines, and I want to do exactly the same thing.  Once again, instead of working on a bipartisan basis, Senate Democrats  are rushing through another partisan spending package.   There is a better way. Senator Cotton and I have introduced the  Protecting Seniors Access to Healthcare Act. Our legislation takes a  small amount of the money from State and local governments as part of  that $1.9 trillion bill. Instead of billions going to Gavin Newsom and  instead of billions going to Andrew Cuomo, our legislation gives a  small fraction of that money to help our healthcare providers around  the country. Instead of a blank check, our bill gets the money to where  it is needed the most: to healthcare providers on the frontlines of  this pandemic.   Our bill also includes commonsense provisions to ensure that taxpayer  money is not given to illegal immigrants or prisoners. Our bill simply  says that if you are here illegally, you don't get the payments in the  Democratic spending bill.   Senator Cotton and I know we can't hand out American taxpayer dollars  to illegal immigrants. That is why our border is being flooded right  now--because President Biden offers benefits for illegal immigrants. We  also shouldn't be cutting checks to people sitting in jail.   The question is whether Washington Democrats are interested in  solving problems or just playing politics. I think we can provide much  needed relief for Medicare providers, and we should. It is completely  irresponsible for the Democrats and the administration to spend $1.9  trillion and fail to help the healthcare providers who are working to  serve Medicare patients.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask that the Senator modify his request  to instead take up H.R. 1868 with my substitute amendment at the desk  and ask unanimous consent that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I object.   