 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, a lot has gone wrong since this  unified Democratic government took the reins back in January.   Let's take a look at foreign policy. The Biden administration's  clumsy retreat from Afghanistan left Americans behind, who wanted out,  and handed the country to a government staffed with terrorists that  used to be locked up at Guantanamo Bay.   Let's take a look at energy independence. Or should I say energy  dependence? President Biden canceled our own Keystone XL Pipeline but  cleared the path for a new pipeline for Vladimir Putin. The amount of  Russian oil that America has to import has already nearly doubled on  the Democrats' watch.   Look at the border. Illegal crossers are flooding across our southern  border at an all-time high. The Democrats have interior enforcement  arrests down to a decade low.   But there is no question what crisis is at the top of the minds of  middle-class Americans. There is no question what is keeping working  Americans awake at night. It is inflation. Inflation. The runaway  prices and unpredictability that Democrats' policies have fueled.   Ninety percent of Americans told one recent survey that they are  somewhat or extremely concerned with inflation. We are a huge and  diverse country. It is hard to get 9 in 10 Americans to agree on almost  anything, but less than 1 year under Democrat policies, 90 percent of  America is worried about inflation.   And it is no wonder. Year on year, consumer prices have risen faster  than they have in over three decades. Last month marked the fifth month  in a row that inflation has topped 5 percent.   These across-the-board numbers can sound a little abstract, so let's  make it very tangible. In the past year, buying meat, fish, and eggs  has gotten 12 percent more expensive. A gallon of gas costs the average  American $1.31 than it did a year ago. And heaven forbid anyone having  to replace a family car this year; used auto prices are up 26 percent.   Even getting family and friends together for Thanksgiving is a much  pricier prospect than it was last year. Turkey alone is an extra 25  cents per pound. Factor in all the fixings, and some estimates project  a feast next week will run families up to 15 percent more than it did  last year.   For a while, the White House tried to downplay the problem. President  Biden and his team told American families that costs weren't really  rising as much as it seemed; or that, OK, costs were rising, but it  would only last a few months; or, as some liberals argued, that if you  remove food costs, housing costs, and transportation costs from the  equation, inflation really wasn't all that bad.   Some have tried to argue that rampant inflation is actually a high- class problem to have because at least we aren't in a recession. I am  not kidding. I guess they think working Americans should stop  complaining and be grateful things aren't even worse.   But a sad irony is that inflation is exactly the opposite of a high- class problem. Inflation is like a huge, regressive tax hike that hits  the middle class, the working class, and the poor far more than it  hurts wealthy people.    The three biggest drivers of the staggering 6.2 percent inflation  rate we  [[Page S8321]]  logged last month were housing, transportation, and food. These are not  luxuries, they are essentials, and they take up a much bigger share of  families' budgets from the middle class on down.   The Democrats' inflation is functioning like an ultrapunitive tax on  American families who can least afford it--exactly the opposite of a  ``high-class problem.''   It didn't have to be this way. The inflation spike wasn't just  predictable; it was, in fact, predicted. This past spring, I warned my  Democratic colleagues right here on the floor that their unbelievably  expensive and poorly targeted spending bill that masqueraded as COVID  relief would turn our strong economic recovery into an inflationary  mess. Many of my Republican colleagues said the same thing. But  Democrats didn't have to take our word for it; even their own favorite  liberal economists, like President Clinton's Treasury Secretary Larry  Summers and President Obama's CEA Chairman Jason Furman warned that  liberal bill might supercharge inflation.   Now, our Democratic colleagues want to ram through another, even  bigger, reckless taxing-and-spending spree that would make inflation  even worse. Many of those same liberal economists support this new  spending spree because of all the leftwing goodies that are packed into  it, but even they largely admit--these who support this new leftwing  proposal--even they admit the package would make inflation even worse  next year.   Steven Rattner, a senior economic adviser to President Obama, just  wrote in the New York Times that ``The original sin''--the original  sin--``was the $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan. . . . That has  contributed materially to today's inflation levels.'' He goes on to say  that Democrats' new taxing-and-spending spree ``can be deemed `paid  for' only if one embraces budget gimmicks, like assuming that some of  the most important initiatives will be allowed to expire in just a few  years. The result [is] a package that front-loads spending while tax  revenues only arrive over [the course] of a decade.'' Mr. Rattner cites  an outside estimate that ``the plan would likely add $800 billion or  more to the deficit over the next five years, exacerbating inflationary  pressures.''   Now, the person I just quoted is a former top adviser to President  Obama--by definition a liberal Democrat--explaining that the Democrats'  new proposal as currently constituted would make inflation worse-- worse. He says it is the Democrats' proposal itself that needs to be  built back better.   President Biden and his party have already brought needless pain on  American families with their reckless spending. Ramming through another  multitrillion-dollar, partisan wish list would only compound the  damage. The hard-working men and women of this country cannot afford to  be guinea pigs in a socialist experiment where Democrats try to inflate  their way out of inflation.   