 Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Stauber), a retired police officer.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Minnesota.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs), the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism and  Homeland Security Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The gentlewoman just said that there was no defunding of the police.  I would just point out Democrat-controlled cities around the country:   Austin, Texas, $150 million cut;   Baltimore, Maryland, $22 million;   Boston, $12 million;   Burlington, $1 million;   Columbus, $23 million;   Denver, $55 million;   Eureka, California, $1.2 million;   Hartford, $2 million;   Los Angeles, $175 million;   Madison, Wisconsin, $2 million;   Minneapolis, $8 million;   New York, $1 billion;   Norman, $865,000;   Oakland, $14.6 million;   Oklahoma City, $5.5 million;   Philadelphia, $33 million;   Portland, Oregon, $15 million;   Salt Lake City, $5.3 million;   San Francisco, $120 million;   Seattle, $69 million;   Washington, D.C., $15 million cut.   That is what Democrats have done over the last year.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Owens).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gimenez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Steube).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the majority leader just said: Enough, my colleagues,  enough.   I couldn't agree more.   Last summer, Democrats called for unrest in the streets. They raised  bail money for rioters. They called antifa a myth. They voted and  pushed for defunding the police all across this country.   Guess what? When you call for unrest in the streets while there is  unrest in the streets, guess what happens?   You get more unrest in the streets.   When you raise money to bail out rioters, guess what happens?   You get more rioters.   When you call antifa a myth, guess what happens?   You get more attacks on property and on people.   Guess what also happens when you call for defunding the police?   You get more crime.   And when you fail to condemn violence--all violence, whether it  happens on January 6 or last summer--you get more violence.   Everyone understands that. Everyone should understand that, but it  seems Democrats don't.   We had a bill in the House, just like Senator Scott's bill, and  Representative Stauber was the sponsor. Last year, when we had a  markup, we offered 12 amendments in committee. They wouldn't take any  of them. Some of the amendments, the Democrats actually supported them.  But nope, nope, got to be this bill.   They didn't want to work with us to deal with the real concern,  because we all know what happened to Mr. Floyd was as wrong as wrong  could be. We were willing to work, but, no, they wouldn't take any of  our amendments and said the things they said last summer. We should  work together on this, but they don't want to. They don't want to do  it.   They want their own bill. They don't want Republicans to vote for it.  They want to play politics. We would actually like to solve the  problem. We would actually like to solve the problem.   You know what else happens when you call for defunding the police?   The police retire. There is a 72 percent increase in retirement of  police officers in New York City alone. Think of what it is like around  the country. That is what happens when you send the message that  Democrats sent all last summer. It is wrong. We shouldn't stand for it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Mrs. Fischbach).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald).    Madam Speaker, I will just point out that the Speaker of  the House said we should respect the police, but the Speaker of the  House named an individual to conduct a review of the breach of the  Capitol on January 6, and that individual has insulted the very police  who protect us.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs.  Greene).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, the chairman of the committee has said  several times that Democrats are not for defunding the police, but I  would just point out the individual presiding over this session said  that defunding the police is not a slogan, it is a policy demand.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Davidson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Rutherford), a former sheriff.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Madam Speaker, Senator Scott had legislation, good  legislation, but the Democrats wouldn't take it up; they filibustered.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Gohmert).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Malliotakis).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, you said: Defunding the police is not a slogan; it is  a policy demand.   Over 20 cities in this great country enacted that. They did that to  the tune of $1.7 billion taken from the brave men and women who protect  us all. That is our concern.   We would have loved to have worked with the other side. We had a  bill. Senator Scott worked tirelessly on it. Representative Stauber,  former police officer Stauber, on our side worked night and day on it.  But Democrats wouldn't work with us, wouldn't take any of our  amendments.   This is a partisan, political bill, unfortunately. That is why I urge  a ``no'' vote.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   