 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  2878, the Native VetSuccess at Tribal Colleges and Universities Pilot  Program Act.   I thank Chair Takano for bringing this bill to the floor. I also  thank my co-leads on this legislation: Representative Dusty Johnson,  Representative   Tom O'Halleran, and Representative   Tom Cole.   Native Americans have served our country in every war since the  American Revolution. To this day, Native Americans volunteer to serve  at higher rates than any other demographic group. I, myself, served  alongside Native American Marines in Iraq.   Indigenous peoples have a decorated history of service, yet Native  veterans have less access to benefits than other groups of veterans.  That must change.   Today, we consider a bill that will give Native veterans attending  Tribal colleges and universities access to an already successful  student veteran program, the VetSuccess on Campus Program.   The VetSuccess program helps student veterans graduate on time,  successfully enter the workforce, and access VA benefits at over 100  colleges and universities. H.R. 2878 would extend this successful  program to TCUs in a regional model to reach as many Native veterans as  possible. There is no time to waste in passing this important  legislation.   In addition to expanding the VetSuccess to Native veterans, H.R. 2878  includes emergency funds for veteran technology education courses,  known as VET TEC. The VET TEC program was created to allow veterans to  pursue vocational training for 21st century careers in high-tech fields  like software development, programming, coding, media, and more.    During the pandemic, more veterans than ever are looking for training  in high-skilled, high-tech careers, so much so that the VET TEC program  has run out of money for this year already. That is why H.R. 2878  includes an immediate influx of funds for VET TEC so more veterans can  receive this critical funding.   H.R. 2878 also includes a provision to fight veteran homelessness.  The COVID-19 pandemic devastated our economy and healthcare system in  general, disproportionately hurting veterans. We don't know yet the  full impact of the pandemic on veteran homelessness, but we know  veterans need our help immediately.   My bill will extend the authorization allowing the VA to partner with  nonprofits, States, Tribes, and localities to help more veterans find  both temporary shelter and permanent housing. This provision will save  veterans' lives, period.   Finally, H.R. 2878 includes a provision to help student veterans keep  their housing benefits in their final semester of education. Ensuring  student veterans can remain housed for the duration of their education  is essential to ensure that veterans graduate on time and can  successfully enter the workforce.   Before I close, I want to especially thank Representatives Miller- Meeks, Levin, Mann, and Pappas for their work with me on this  bipartisan bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation.   