 Madam President, I come to the floor to join my  colleague from Indiana and to congratulate him on those remarks, which  would be most certainly well received in Wyoming, and reflect the  feeling of the people in my State in terms of the reckless tax-and- spending process in which the Democrats are engaged.   And I come today to the floor to oppose what the Democrats are trying  to do in terms of adding money to the debt, additional spending, a bill  that has been described in so many ways. I read it and, to me, it is  reckless. It is extreme. It is scary to talk about the sort of things  that the Democrats are trying to impose on the American people.   When we take a look at what happens with this national debt, the  folks on Medicare and on Social Security are concerned they are going  to get undermined--those wonderful programs that work for so many  people--because of the growing debt.   How are we going to address it?   Well, the suspension of the debt ceiling expired a month and a half  ago. Less than 2 weeks later, Democrats passed a blueprint for the  largest spending bill in the history of the United States, over $3.5  trillion. People looked at it and saw how much it is, and they said:  Democrats may say it is $3.5 trillion; it is a lot more than that. More  than America spent in World War II to win the war? This is in addition  to the $2 trillion already spent and added to the debt by this  administration on a party-line vote earlier this year.    So America's debt is now over $28 trillion. We are on our way to $30  trillion. You divide that out by the number of men, women, and children  in America, and it is approaching $100,000 per individual. It is going  to have to be paid back ultimately to Wall Street, to Japan, to China,  and to those that hold our debt.   And the problem, when you look at a debt that large, and say, ``How  do you put that into perspective,'' is how much interest are we paying  on the loan? People that borrow money for a car or a home know how much  interest they are paying on the loan, and for the United States, it is  approaching  [[Page S6607]]  $400 billion in interest on the loan a year. And this is at record low  interest rates.   Well, where is that money coming from? You know, you get nothing in  return for it. But Democrats seem to think we need to just keep  spending money and borrowing money to pay for the reckless spending.  They don't want voters to know about it. They don't want voters to know  how much money. They are asking for an unlimited ability to spend until  after the 2022 election.   That is what is coming over from the House. They say: Don't ask us.  We are not going to tell you. We are just going to keep on spending  like there is no tomorrow, all the way through a date after the 2022  election.   They want to cover all of this spending by suspending what is called  the debt ceiling so they can borrow as much as they want.   Well, it is not going to happen. You can't have it both ways. If they  try to spend trillions of dollars, they are going to be responsible for  the consequences of that spending. Republicans are not going to give  Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi a blank check, period. We are not going  to give them a rubberstamp to their reckless spending. If Democrats  want to raise the debt ceiling, they have the capacity to do it on  their own, and they will need to do it on their own. Republicans are  not going to participate.   The Democrats have been in charge of Washington now for 8 full  months. They have complete control--the House, the Senate, the White  House. During all that time, they haven't raised a finger to lift the  debt ceiling. Instead, they had the Secretary of the Treasury send a  letter. She said the Treasury will run out of money in October. It is  now September 22. The clock is ticking.   Democrats chose not to raise the debt ceiling when they passed their  $2 trillion addition to the debt earlier this year. They called it  COVID relief, but actually 90 percent of the money actually went for  medical care. They chose not to raise it as part of this over $3.5  trillion or $4 trillion spending bill that is being proposed as a  result of Bernie Sanders' socialist budget.   And Democrats think that the American people can keep spending money  in such a reckless way. They are playing chicken with our economy. They  think they can fool the American people. It is not going to work.  Republicans are not going to be held hostage by the Democrats, and the  American people should not be either or be put on the hook.   If Democrats have enough votes to spend trillions of taxpayer  dollars, then they have enough votes to raise the debt limit. This is  Democrat debt. It is Biden-Schumer-Pelosi debt. Senate Republicans will  not vote to burden future generations or to undermine Social Security  and Medicare today with this kind of reckless spending.   We are not going to vote for the spending bill--not one of us--and  not going to vote to raise the debt limit on Democrat terms. If they  want to go it alone on spending, the Democrats can go it alone on  raising the debt ceiling.   I yield the floor.   