 Mr. President, the funding provided in the American  recovery package is critical to New Mexico's students, workers, and  families.   Among many measures important to New Mexicans, the budget resolution  provides emergency funds to close the homework gap for K-12 schools and  libraries, including those on Tribal lands. It provides emergency  funding for our rail and air infrastructure, including maintaining  essential air service in rural areas and passenger rail throughout the  Southwest. It includes emergency grant funding to support local  newspapers and broadcasters, who continue to provide fact- and  evidence-based reporting on local and national issues as advertising  revenues plummet.   New Mexico faces a digital divide, and the COVID-19 pandemic has  exacerbated existing disparities between the students who have  broadband access and the one in four who don't. Failing to address  these disparities risks widening the homework gap and making it harder  for students, especially those living in rural and Tribal communities,  to catch up. The budget resolution under consideration does right by  students, not only by helping them survive the public health emergency  but also by thriving long term.   By providing emergency funding for rail and air infrastructure, it  also saves jobs and communities in New Mexico. Our small airports and  rail stations are hubs of commerce that connect rural New Mexico with  markets across the United States and the world. As a new member of the  Senate Commerce Committee, I am ready to get to work and get the job  done on these New Mexico priorities.   What Congress is working toward today--providing essential support to  help fight and recover from the coronavirus pandemic--matters little if  those most in need do not trust in America's institutions enough to  benefit from this support. That is why I am particularly proud of the  resolution's support for local journalism. With this resolution,  Congress has an opportunity to help our students, protect jobs and  businesses, and fulfill our moral duty. The Senate must do everything  in its power to provide the tools for the American people to recover  and to rebuild.   I yield the floor.   