 Mr. President, I want to--before Senator Blumenthal  departs--thank him so much for bringing this to my attention. And it  came from his constituent--the idea--Sid Goodfriend, who has truly been  a good friend to this cause.   And Senator Blumenthal I find to be always willing to work with you  where he can. And the fact that he has a son who served as a Marine  infantry officer and a son who is a Navy SEAL speaks volumes to his  family. And to those two young men, who served at the highest level in  the military, thank you very much.   Mr. Goodfriend came to us with the idea of what can we do to not let  America forget. Afghanistan is hell on Earth right now. Twenty-three  million people are virtually starving to death. ISIS is at war with the  Taliban. Al-Qaida is growing in influence. And people inside of  Afghanistan are living a miserable life. Those who helped us are being  hunted down. Special operations commandos are now having to choose  between joining ISIS or dying.   And the point here is not to focus on how we got here. I have got my  views; Senator Blumenthal has his. We have agreed, when it comes to  going forward, we have to be together. And there is plenty of blame to  go around, so we don't need to beat on one group versus the other right  now. What we need to focus on is what is next.   And Senator Blumenthal's legislation that I joined with to create a  plan, an evacuation czar, is the bare minimum we need to be doing. Out  of  [[Page S9057]]  sight, out of mind does not work in this environment.   ``Honor our commitment'' is a phrase we use to describe what we are  trying to achieve. You can't fight these wars by yourself. If America  has to go it alone in the war on terror, it is going to be a very dark  period for the United States.   The goal is to get people in the faith, in the region, to fight back  against the radical Islamic movement that would take the whole world  into darkness. And the good news is, for 20-something years, people  fought. The Afghans died in large numbers in the last 5 years. I don't  think we lost a soldier in 18 months. God bless the fallen and God  bless the injured, but to say that the Afghans weren't fighting is just  a dishonor to those who fell.   And now we are out, and we have left behind people who had a choice  between standing up to the Taliban and ISIS and al-Qaida and siding  with us. They chose us, and now we are gone. We cannot forget them.   I promise you, how we handle the next year or two in Afghanistan will  determine what kind of a national security future America has. People  are testing us all over the world right now.   I would like to work with Senator Blumenthal and others when it comes  to Ukraine. I want to introduce sanctions with a national security  waiver that would allow President Biden to sanction the hell out of  Russia based on the military buildup that threatens Ukraine, not the  actual invasion; to give him tools where he can go to Putin and say:  This is what Congress, in a bipartisan fashion, thinks about what you  are doing. You go forward at your own peril.   I would like to create legislation that would make sure this  administration and other administrations have the direction and the  tools they need to end this Afghan engagement with a sense of honor.   Honorourcommitment.org--you can go to that site and get information  about the status of people in Afghanistan. We have gotten some out, but  we have got a lot left behind. And this green ribbon is an effort to  remind ourselves and the Nation writ large what is at stake if we  abandon those who fought along our side.   I did my Reserve duty in Afghanistan on several occasions. My  commitment was small in comparison to most, but I got to know the  translators. I got to know the people who worked with the judges and  the law enforcement officials to bring a rule of law to being in  Afghanistan.   I am sure all those who served relied upon their translators for  their very life--not only ``What did the guy say?'' but ``Are we  safe?'' And the bravery of Afghans to side with us should be respected  and honored.   And I am going to join with Senator Blumenthal and Ernst and others  to introduce freestanding legislation. We will try to do it before the  holidays.   And the one thing I like about Senator Blumenthal: He is the most  tenacious guy I have ever met without being mean about it. He has a  determination for his causes that is unparalleled.   I can understand why your sons went in the Marine Corps and the Navy.  I think they probably get those qualities from you and your wife.   So we are going to take that quiet determination. We are not going to  let this go. We are going to insist that this body vote to create a  system to make sure that those who were with us get treated fairly.   To the American people: You abandon those who helped us in  Afghanistan at our own peril.   This is a time of reckoning for the American people. It is a time of  choosing. And I choose honor over abandonment. I choose to be a good  ally, someone you can count on when the going gets tough. And I think  that spirit really does describe our country.   So the green ribbon campaign--I would like more of our colleagues to  wear the ribbon during the holiday season to get people who are looking  to America for hope see a demonstration of our will.   If you travel abroad, you are shocked at how people view our country.  We sort of fight with each other all the time that sometimes we lose  sight of how important we are. When you travel throughout the world--I  know the Presiding Officer does this--the people care what we think,  and they watch what we do.   We still, in spite of all our differences, represent the best hope of  mankind. I really believe that. I think our military represents the  best spirit of mankind.   I think the men and women who fought on our behalf in Afghanistan  wearing the American flag feel a sense of obligation to those who stood  by them. That is why we wear the green ribbon.   Go to honorourcommitment.org.   To Mr. Goodfriend, thank you. The private sector is going to get  involved. We are going to get major corporations advancing this cause.   And what can we do beyond wear the ribbon and say a prayer?   We can pass legislation that will make honoring our commitment real,  not just a talking point.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   