 Madam President, I rise today to talk about the  new day of freedom dawning in Cuba and the brave Cubans marching for  freedom across the island. For decades, the Cuban people have suffered  atrocities, oppression, and misery at the hands of the communist Castro  regime.   I have repeatedly told the story of Sirley Avila Leon, a Cuban woman  who was attacked by Cuban security forces in 2015. They cut off her  hand and stuck her arm in the mud to make sure it got infected. Her  crime? She complained that the regime was going to shut down a school  in her neighborhood.   I have spoken to brave leaders like Jose Daniel Ferrer and the  courageous members of his Patriotic Union of Cuba who are fighting  every day to defend human rights, freedom, and the democratic movement  in Cuba. Activists like Jose Daniel Ferrer and the artists of the San  Isidro Movement are the future of Cuba, not the ruthless communist  regime.   Today, the people of Cuba are saying: Enough. Across Cuba, people are  marching in the streets to protest against communist rule and demand  the freedom, liberty, and basic human rights that have been stolen from  them for decades by the brutally oppressive Cuban regime. Their demands  are simple: libertad.   What we are seeing in Cuba should send a clear message to the world.  Communism is a failed ideology that does nothing but lead to suffering  and oppression. Communism doesn't work. Socialism doesn't work.   The people of Cuba are crying out for freedom. They are denouncing  the oppressive communist rule that has brought ruin to their nation for  more than 60 years. The message from the Cuban people to Diaz-Canel and  Raul Castro has never been more clear: Your time is up. And the regime  is terrified of the Cuban people. They are attacking peaceful  protesters in an effort to silence them. Right now, Jose Daniel Ferrer,  members of his family, and other leaders from his group are reportedly  missing, likely kidnapped by the regime.   This disgusting assault on the people of Cuba cannot go unchecked. We  cannot ignore this historic moment in the fight for freedom. We  understand the value and importance of freedom in our everyday lives,  and it is our duty to support and stand up for those who are oppressed  by dictators and denied the right the live freely.   Today, I stand proudly with the heroic freedom fighters across Cuba  who have taken to the streets, determined to regain their freedom and  put an end to the Castro dictatorship.   Now, the Biden administration must lead the freedom-loving nations of  the world in loud and unequivocal denouncement of the brutal communist  Castro regime and in support of the liberty, democracy, and human  rights the Cuban people call for and rightfully deserve.   We must be clear. For decades, Cuba has been the root of instability  in Latin America and represented a terrible threat to the national  security of the United States. The Castro regime harbors terrorist  groups; has gotten rid of free and fair elections; threatens and  arbitrarily arrests critics, journalists, and political activists; and  props up other ruthless dictators, like Maduro in Venezuela and Ortega  in Nicaragua.   Today, the American people must join freedom-loving Cubans in saying  that the oppression ends now. We cannot lift sanctions or restore  diplomatic relations with the Cuban dictatorship. We should not offer  another lifeline to this brutal communist dictatorship.   I urge the Biden administration to impose further sanctions on the  tyrannical Cuban regime. We cannot let up. There must be consequences  for this heinous oppression and attacks on peaceful protesters.   To the people of Cuba: You are not alone. I stand with you in this  fight. Florida stands with you in this fight. The United States of  America stands with you in this fight.   The freedom of Cuba is closer than ever, and we are not going to stop  until we see a new day of freedom, democracy, and ``Patria y Vida'' in  Cuba.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Senate in  Spanish.   