 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Rounds and I be allowed to speak for 5 minutes each before the vote.    Madam President, it gives me no pleasure to stand on the  Senate floor today and talk about President Biden's ill-advised and  chaotic withdrawal; to talk about the consequences for the people of  Afghanistan, who trusted us and who took our side for 20 years; and to  talk about the tremendous harm it has done to America's reputation.   The President, I think, believes that the cost of this debacle has  been only a few weeks of bad press. I think he is, sadly, wrong.  Perhaps the President is banking on the American people forgetting that  the disaster took place on his watch, but it turns out this is a  disaster of historic proportions. We will be reeling from this debacle  for years and decades to come.   The President may try to change the subject, but the cold truth is  that our  [[Page S6937]]  Nation will be paying the price when we are dead and gone and these  pages are in the position of senior leadership in this country.   Last week, my colleagues and I, on the Armed Services Committee,  heard directly from our Nation's top military leaders who had been  advising the President on Afghanistan. Their testimonies made clear  what we had known all along, that President Biden not only ignored  their advice, which he has the power to do as Commander in Chief of the  Armed Forces, but that he then misrepresented that advice to the  American people.   In a national TV interview, when asked whether top military advisers  had recommended leaving a small troop presence behind to keep a lid on  the situation, which would have kept all hell from breaking loose, the  President insisted that no one, to his knowledge, had made that  recommendation.   We know that statement by Joe Biden was not true. The President got  good advice, and then incredibly pled ignorance.   He also got good advice from Democrats. And I would point out my  colleague from Rhode Island, Senator Whitehouse, when this was first  broached in an open meeting and the administration was explaining what  was going to take place, Senator Whitehouse said this sounds like it is  going to be a lot like the fall of Saigon in April of 1974. Senator  Whitehouse, as the son of a Foreign Service Officer, had an all too  close recollection of the disaster that occurred in Saigon back in the  seventies, and he warned the administration officials that this might  happen again.   And yet the President said no one, to his knowledge, made this  recommendation or gave these warnings. This is a President who promised  to shoot straight with the American people, who said in February: ``You  can handle anything as long as you are told the truth.''   I wish the President actually believed that and subscribed to that  and lived by that.   The American people can handle the truth, and they need to be told  the truth. Here is one bit of hard truth from the Chairman of the Joint  Chiefs of Staff, General Milley: ``Our exit from Afghanistan was a  `strategic failure.' ''   From the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs: ``It has caused `damage' to  America's credibility.''   That is from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. I appreciate him  leveling with the committee and leveling with the American people.   That damage was on full display this past weekend, when the former  Afghan Ambassador, Adela Raz, was asked by Axios: Do you still trust  the United States?   Her answer was simple, bleak, and understandable: ``No. Sorry.''   That was her answer: ``No. Sorry.''   She does not trust the United States anymore.   This loss of trust extends far beyond Afghanistan. As General Milley  noted, ``Our credibility with allies and partners around the world and  with adversaries is being intensely reviewed by them.'' And he said,  yes, ``damaged'' is the correct word.   Simply put, when we abandon our friends, our partners around the  world start to wonder if they can trust us, if we will have their  backs. This hurts our ability to cooperate with our allies to deter  threats and to provide security for the American people, and it  emboldens our adversaries to act more aggressively.   We have already seen this from China in the past week. China has been  signaling to Taiwan by ramping up their air missions near Taiwan. They  have been signaling to our friends in Taiwan that America is an  unreliable partner. Even before our troops had fully left Kabul,  Chinese media wasted no time predicting that we will also abandon  friends in Taiwan if and when China invades that country--a matter of  concern.   Will this embolden Iran? Terrorist groups in Pakistan who support the  Taliban remain a serious concern.   But perhaps the worst breach of trust in this dark chapter was  between our government and our own people. During the withdrawal,  President Biden assured us on national television--and I quote the  President's grammar--``If there is American citizens left in  Afghanistan, we're gonna stay to get them all out.''   ``If there is American citizens left in Afghanistan, we're gonna stay  to get them all out.''   Days later, that promise went out the window. The President dismissed  those Americans staying by saying many of them wanted to stay in  Afghanistan.   This repeated pattern of broken promises and our failure to own these  decisions will only further weaken our country, our alliances, and our  national security.   Sadly, we must get about the business of rehabilitating our  reputation with our allies and the way our enemies and adversaries look  at us.   I stand with my colleagues today who are committed to holding this  administration accountable.   Thank you.   