 Madam President, I rise to join Chairman Leahy in calling  on our Republican colleagues to negotiate a final agreement on fiscal  year 2022 appropriations bills. Just as we need to complete work on the  National Defense Authorization Act--a position I have  [[Page S7765]]  been urging repeatedly on our leadership--we need to complete work on  the appropriations bills. They are complementary, to say the least, and  they have to be done.   Under Chairman Leahy's leadership, Democrats have put forth a  responsible top-line number and subcommittee allocations that address  our defense and nondefense funding needs alike. The defense funding  levels in the appropriations bills are consistent with the bipartisan  National Defense Authorization Act bill that we passed in the Armed  Services Committee in July.   I would like to point out that the defense spending level in the  Senate NDAA bill, which is pending floor action, was set by an  amendment offered by my colleague, the ranking member, Jim Inhofe of  Oklahoma, and supported by every Republican on the Armed Services  Committee. I was pleased to work with Senator Inhofe and to cosponsor  the amendment, which provides an additional $25 billion in funding for  specific items, most of which are unfunded requirements submitted by  the services and the combatant commands.   But Republicans put all this good work and all this good will we  built up and established in the NDAA process in jeopardy if they force  us into a yearlong continuing resolution by refusing to negotiate on  the 12 appropriations bills.   A yearlong CR would be shortsighted and damaging to our national  defense.   First, defense spending will be about $36 billion lower than the  levels set out in the Senate's NDAA and appropriations bills.   I must also point out that, following our lead, the House Armed  Services Committee passed a bill with the same top line--an additional  $25 billion. That was brought to the floor of the House. It passed.  In fact, an amendment to reduce the funding was defeated.    So there is a strong bipartisan commitment to vigorously fund the  Department of Defense, and if we do not do that, if we fall into the  trap of a CR, as I have indicated, we will be taking money away from  the Department of Defense.   Second, we will be tied, as Senator Leahy pointed out, to funding  priorities from a year ago even though circumstances have changed  remarkably. As he pointed out, we have funding in last year's  legislation that would provide support to Afghan forces who have been  dissipated by the events of August. We would have a situation where  there were significant amounts of money intended to assist Afghan  security concerns that could not be effectively used and would detract  from the current needs that we have.   Third, a CR would prevent DOD from effectively modernizing and  reinventing and reinvesting in its programs. Since new starts--new  programs--aren't allowed under a CR, DOD could be forced into funding  legacy systems that are outdated and inefficient, and that is simply  congressionally mandated waste. Meanwhile, important new initiatives  and acquisitions could be delayed. For example, we may not have the  ability to fund the three additional ships and the seven more Joint  Strike Fighters in the Navy's 2022 budget. As we shift our focus to the  Pacific, as we deal with potential contingencies involving Taiwan and  other areas, it becomes a shift in the Navy. They need these platforms.  They need them as soon as we can get them, and they won't be able to  get them if we are stuck with a CR.   CRs are also terribly disruptive just to the normal operation of the  Department of Defense and also to their partners in the private sector  and academia, since CRs inject uncertainty, instability, and cost to  the R&D and acquisition processes.   The impact is not just felt on the defense side of the ledger, as  Chairman Leahy pointed out. Nondefense priorities have been neglected  for over a decade. This year, we finally have a chance to make up for  lost time.   For example, we have a chance to double the Federal commitment to  public education under the title I program and make important  investments in adult education and job training.   At a time when the American people are clamoring for more mental  health service, particularly for children, we have funding to help  train more pediatric mental health specialists.   We also have funding to help establish a national suicide prevention  lifeline and a three-digit phone number that Congress approved last  year. We are in the midst, sadly, of an epidemic of suicides throughout  this country, and they particularly affect, as we pointed out, veterans  who have served their country with great valor and sacrifice and yet  are plagued by mental health problems.   As the chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee, I will note  that we have funding to help the Capitol Police, who have been  stretched to their limits in the aftermath of the January 6 assault on  this Capitol. In the Senate bill, we have funding for new officers,  overtime and retention payments, as well as resources for officer  wellness and mental health support. After what they have done for us,  literally saving us, we owe it to the men and women of the Capitol  Police to provide this assistance. It cannot be done under a continuing  resolution.   Chairman Leahy has bent over backwards to engage our Republican  colleagues, and we have to engage. We have to move forward. He is  willing to do that, but we have not seen a comparable response from the  other side. It is time to get down to business, the business of the  American people. It is time to provide our military with the resources  and the priorities for today, not for last year. It is time to  recognize the emerging problems in this country of this moment, not of  the past.   We need our colleagues on the Republican side to come to the table,  not with preconditions and redlines but a willingness to negotiate on  behalf of all the American people. Otherwise, we will risk a continuing  resolution that will harm everyone, all the American people.   I yield the floor.   