 Mr. Speaker, just yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock in  Atlanta, an armed robber walked into Chick-fil-A to rob the place.   Now, think about that. You are in there with your children, getting a  meal in the middle of the day, and somebody comes in with a gun, puts  your life at risk. Everybody in the place is at risk.   Did that guy get a background check to get his firearm? We don't know  yet, but odds are he didn't because most of these crimes that are  committed with a gun are with people who don't--guess what? I have a  news flash--they don't follow the law.   Robbing the Chick-fil-A at 3 o'clock in the afternoon in Atlanta is  not in accordance with the law. But I will tell you what happened. An  armed citizen stopped the robbery using his firearm, a legally obtained  firearm, and saved everybody in the place.   Do you know who is happy? The people in the Chick-fil-A are happy  that the guy who bought the gun legally was there to save them and  their children. That is who is happy.   This legislation, Mr. Speaker, disarms that person who operated his  firearm legally. That is what this legislation does. It disarms  America. It says to the criminal: Keep on not abiding by the law. You  got your weapon illegally. You are going to keep doing it.   It doesn't stop them from doing anything. What it does do is it stops  the guy who is going to get his firearm legally and end the crime in  his community. That is who it stops.   No charges are pending on that individual in Atlanta who stopped that  crime. No charges are pending. He followed the law.   This bill, Mr. Speaker, seeks to punish people who want to follow the  law, and that is what is going to happen.   Do you know what is going to happen when we do this? There are going  to be more crimes. There are going to be more unauthorized weapons out  there, and there are going to be less people out there defending  themselves and our community. That is what is happening.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this.    Mr. Speaker, we lament the death of our good friend, Mr.  Crist's constituent, Mo. We lament it. We especially lament it because  when you are in the military and you are on base and you are in  uniform, you are prohibited from carrying a firearm. Think about that.  Those in our country most well trained to use a firearm lose their  lives because they cannot defend themselves, as a regulation by the DOD  that says they cannot carry a firearm on base. That is why Mo is not  here.   Sure, there is a Saudi terrorist in town that is killing people, but  Mo could have stopped that if Mo were allowed to use his skills  provided by the taxpayers and desired by him. He wanted to serve his  country, he wanted to serve his community, and he should have been  allowed to.   This bill is more of the same thing, disallowing American citizens to  defend themselves. Unfortunately, Mo is a prime example.    Madam Speaker, what we are saying here is that the  American people have to beg their government to avail themselves of  their rights: Oh, Federal Government, can I speak now?   Can I defend myself now, or should I wait a little longer?   That is what we are saying now.   The Constitution says, ``shall not be infringed.'' In Pennsylvania  where I come from, our constitution says, ``shall not be questioned.''   Madam Speaker, we are questioning it today. We are putting our  constituents and we are putting the American people who have the  Constitution enshrining their rights on the defensive, begging their  government to avail themselves of their rights.   Now, my colleagues and my good friends on the other side of the aisle  keep on bringing up the horrific tragedy and the events that happened  at the church. We can't bring that up and say that this is the solution  when this doesn't fix that.   Madam Speaker, you can't say that the FBI couldn't check all the  databases. It chose not to. It could have checked them in those 3 days,  but it chose not to.   Now, those are tragic events for sure, but it is not the American  people's fault that the FBI didn't do their job. Do not punish the  American people. Do not abridge their rights because the FBI and  because the government couldn't get it right. Let's fix the government  and allow the people to be free and enjoy their constitutional rights  and defend themselves when they want to defend themselves.    