 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Dakota  for yielding to me. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  who helped bring this bill to the floor today.   I am proud to rise in support of this bipartisan bill with  Congresswoman Schrier, H.R. 4489, the National Forest Restoration and  Remediation Act, which would allow the Forest Service to use  accumulated interest on settlement agreements to restore our national  forestlands.   Montana is blessed with an abundance of public lands with well over  20 million acres available to all for recreation, hunting, fishing,  camping, and more. It is part of who we are as Montanans and an  important aspect of our Montana way of life.    These public lands are a patchwork of land managed by the State as  well as the National Park Service, Bureau of Land Management, and the  U.S. Forest Service. If these Federal lands are damaged, an agency will  reach a settlement agreement with the responsible party to support  restoration and cleanup efforts.   And while the Department of the Interior, which houses the National  Park Service, and the BLM has the authority to retain interest from  these settlement funds, the Forest Service does not.   This commonsense bill would rectify that by allowing the Forest  Service to use the interests on settlement funds to restore damaged  public lands, which improves forest health and supports conservation.  It merely will mirror the policy that is already utilized by these  other agencies.   When the Forest Service enters into a settlement agreement, the funds  are deposited into the Treasury account that is used to remediate the  damaged land. However, these accounts do not allow the Forest Service  to take advantage of the interest generated in them, leading to the  value of funds available for forest restoration to diminish over time  creating the potential for years-long delays and budget shortfalls from  remediation efforts.   The National Forest Restoration and Remediation Act would ensure the  Forest Service has adequate funding for restoration work by unlocking  this additional funding without additional expenses to taxpayers.   I, again, urge my colleagues to support Congresswoman Schrier and my  bill and I thank all those involved in this commonsense, bipartisan  legislation.   