 Mr. Speaker, I guess it is appropriate for someone from  Maryland to speak on this issue because this is Maryland's land we are  talking about. This land was given for the purpose of a Federal enclave  by Maryland. How dare Congress take Maryland's land from it. That is  not why it was given.   Mr. Speaker, let's talk about the unconstitutionality--well, you have  heard about the unconstitutionality. We don't need to talk about it any  more.   I urge everyone who is watching us on C-SPAN today: Go get your copy  of the Constitution. It is written in black and white. This is very  plain. This is clearly unconstitutional.    Mr. Speaker, I hope America was paying attention to the majority  leader's speech, that one line where he said ``this is all about  politics.'' In fact, he even gave the history. He said, well, in the  past, the Republicans wanted Senators, and so and so wanted Senators.   We don't live in the past. We live in the present.   Mr. Speaker, is this what America wants? Do they want pure politics?   Not my words. That's what the majority leader said: This is all about  politics.   Mr. Speaker, let's ask: Why did our Founders do what they did?   Every American who is watching, think about what you saw last summer.  You saw a White House under siege. You saw a mob. And we know Members  of this House have promoted mobs. They did it last weekend. It will  happen again. If we put the boundary next to the Federal buildings, it  will be subject to a mob, a mob controlled by a State, not a Federal  enclave.   That is the last thing this country needs, and it is the last thing  the Federal Government needs.   I see my colleagues on the other side of the aisle shaking their  heads.   How else would one describe that group outside the White House?   It was an uncontrolled mob. Thank God that Federal troops, Federal  forces, Federal law enforcement were allowed to be there to stop that  mob.   That is why we need the District of Columbia to be the Federal  enclave.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I move that the gentleman's words be taken  down.    Mr. Speaker, I oppose the ruling of the Chair.   