 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 317, legislation which  condemns China's genocide against the Uyghurs.  [[Page H7509]]  As ranking member of the Committee of Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee on  Asia, the Pacific, and Nonproliferation, I strongly support this  legislation and I commend both the chairman of the committee, Mr.  Meeks, and the ranking member, Mr. McCaul, for their leadership on this  particular issue.   They have been stressing this. They have been pushing this. They have  been speaking out on this for quite some time now, and I am very  pleased to see this come before the floor today. It is far beyond the  time that action needs to be taken on this.   Mr. Speaker, the consistent undermining of human rights, perhaps the  Chinese Communist Party's most fundamental challenge to the free world.  China's totalitarian government, they have no use for human rights.  Their bloody history demonstrates that. Relative to political freedom  in China, one sees abuses from Tiananmen Square to Hong Kong. Freedom  of speech? The great firewall shuts that down. Freedom of religion? The  CCP, the Chinese Communist Party, persecutes Christians; they persecute  the Falun Gong; they persecute Tibetan Buddhists; and they even want to  dictate who the next Dalai Lama will be.   And the Chinese Communist Party has taken this campaign to a whole  new level in Xinjiang where the Uyghurs are subject to forced labor, to  torture, to sexual abuse, to religious persecution, and to onerous  restrictions in every facet of their lives.   Over a million people, the vast majority of them Uyghurs, are in  concentration camps today currently. While we are here, they are in  concentration camps in China. The hallmark of genocide is the intent to  destroy, to eliminate an entire people, and that intent is clear here.  The Chinese Communist Party is snatching Uyghur children from their  parents, imposing severe birth quotas on Uyghurs. They are conducting  forced abortions. They are sterilizing a sizable percentage of the  population against their will, and up to 80 percent in some areas of  Xinjiang forced sterilization is occurring right now.   As a result of all this, the birth rate in Xinjiang fell by 24  percent--one out of four--in 2019 alone. This is genocide, and it is  high time that the world got serious with the PRC, the People's  Republic of China, about what they are doing to the Uyghurs. They have  been doing it to a whole range of groups for a long time, but it is  particularly brutal when it comes to the Uyghurs, and American  businesses have to make sure that they are not profiting by this  essentially slave labor, whatever businesses those are.   So there are things that we can do here in the United States but,  ultimately, it is up to the PRC and it is up to the world to shine a  light on this because this is happening right now. A million people or  so are in these gulags right now.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank our leadership, and this is bipartisan  leadership. It is Republicans and Democrats actually working together  on this, and it is good to see that happen.   So again, I thank Mr. Meeks and Mr. McCaul for doing this.   