 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today at a defining moment in  American history and at a time when I sincerely believe that what we do  or fail to do will have long-lasting and far-reaching implications for  the health, viability, and vitality of the world's greatest democracy.   We debate many important issues in this Chamber, but this issue, the  issue of voting rights, I argue, is decidedly different. It is  formative and foundational. It is the framework in which all of our  other debates take place, for this issue is about the preservation and  the protection of the democracy itself. That is, after all, what we  claim to be. That is who we are--a democracy built on that sacred idea  of one person, one vote.   With all the arguments taking place in the country right now, with  all of the audits being ordered, and with all of the voting legislation  being feverishly passed in States all across our country, clearly,  ironically, there is agreement--albeit for different reasons on the  right and on the left--that democracy itself is in danger. Folks on the  left and folks on the right believe that there is something broken and  it needs to be fixed.  [[Page S4667]]    If that is, indeed, the case, what kind of Congress would we be in  the whole history of Congresses if, seeing that discussion out there,  we refuse to even debate the matter in here? Who are we and how are we  to hide in a moment like this?   So I rise with what I think is a simple request of my colleagues.  Let's do our job. Resist the easy route, the temptation to hide behind  Senate procedure, and let's have a principled conversation in front of  the American people about voting rights. Let's have that conversation  right here, right now. How could we do otherwise?   It is said that we are the most important deliberative body on the  planet. Well, colleagues, how derelict in our duty would we be if, in  this defining moment we refuse to even have a debate--a debate--about  how best to preserve and protect that which is most precious: the  democracy itself.   In my maiden speech this past March, I made an urgent call upon this  body to act to protect the right to vote, and I warned then that the  cords of our democracy were dangerously frayed. That was not  theoretical stuff from me. I hail from Georgia. I argued then that our  democracy was being frayed by unfounded conspiracy theories that led to  an attack on this very Chamber and undermined by an onslaught of State- level proposals aimed at suppressing the vote.   Since I gave that maiden speech, things have only gotten worse. When  I spoke here in March, 250 voter suppression proposals had been  introduced in 43 States--250 proposals. Now it is 389 proposals in 48  States. A violent assault on this Capitol is now metastasizing to voter  suppression proposals all across the United States of America. Since I  spoke here in March, Georgia and 13 other States have enacted these  voter suppression bills into law--14 in total. That is 14 States, and  counting, where partisan actors, power-hungry politicians have acted  along partisan lines to make it harder, not easier, for eligible voters  to cast a ballot and guarantee that ballot will actually count.   In Georgia, after record voter turnout in a historic election, there  is now a provision in S.B. 202 that allows partisan actors at the State  level to take over the board--to take it over--to take over the process  at the local level as voters are casting their ballots. Imagine that.  That same law also allows any citizen to challenge the voting rights of  an unlimited number of citizens, making it difficult to see how you can  certify any election.   Let's not kid ourselves. In this Chamber, of all places, a few months  after January 6, this is dangerous stuff. That is one reason we need to  debate the legislation before us.   I am hoping to include a provision I introduced yesterday with some  of my colleagues that will prevent politicians from being able to  overrule local election officials and therefore subvert the voices of  the people. This provision will also protect local election volunteers  from harassment and intimidation.    Right now across the Nation, constitutional rights are being  assaulted, and I fear that if we don't act as a body in this moment, we  will have crossed a dangerous Rubicon in our Nation that will make it  extremely difficult for the next generation to secure voting rights for  every eligible American.   This is not just another moment in another Congress. We should not  think of this as rote and routine. This is a defining moment that calls  upon us to speak, to debate, to act. After all, Congress represents the  people. It is the job of Congress, as prescribed in article I, section  4, to ensure that the people are not squeezed out and locked out of  their own democracy. This is not our house; this is the house of the  people. We are stewards of that trust. We have to ensure that the  voices of the people can be heard in their own house, and that is why I  am urging my colleagues to begin debating on the voting rights  legislation before us. That debate is happening right now out there.  How could it not happen in here?   I know some of my Republican friends are vowing to prevent this  debate, to stop it before it begins. And we are not talking yet about  passing the bill. Be very clear. We are just talking about talking  about it, and they don't even want to do that. Really?   Surely some of my Republican friends believe at the very least that  in this Chamber, we should be able to debate about voting rights. After  all, voting rights are preservative of all other rights. And what could  be more hypocritical and cynical than invoking minority rights in the  Senate as a pretext for preventing debate about how to preserve  minority rights in the society?   I stand here as a proud American. I believe in democracy with all of  my heart. I believe that democracy is the political enactment of a  spiritual idea, that we are all children of God, and that we have  within us a spark of the divine and therefore a right to help determine  our country's direction and our destiny within it.   I believe in democracy, government of the people, by the people, and  for the people. I believe that the blind spots in our public policy and  the wrongs in our history are made right through the power of  democracy, people of diverse perspectives helping us to see more fully  and embrace more completely what it means to be a government of the  people, by the people, for the people. It is how Black people finally  gained their citizenship; women, the suffrage; members of the LGBTQ+  community, their dignity and equality under law.   Diverse perspectives and voices help us to see what we would not  otherwise see, and that is precisely what is being imperiled right now  by all of these voter suppression bills and by some in this Chamber to  forestall a necessary debate about voting rights at this defining  moment in our history.   Mr. President, who are we and how are we to hide at a moment like  this? Why are some people hiding? To what end? For what purpose? At  whose behest? From whom are they hiding--the American people who sent  us here in the first place?   I hope we can take a bipartisan vote to begin debate on this  important piece of legislation because that is what democracy is all  about. History is watching, and the future is waiting to see if we are  who we say we are--the United States Senate, a serious-minded,  deliberative body, the United States of America, a nation built on that  simple but sublime principle: one person, one vote.   I yield the floor.   