 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues-- Senator Brown; Senator Booker; the Presiding Officer, Senator Bennet-- in shining a bright spotlight on the tragedy of child poverty and what  the Senate needs to do and can do to eliminate poverty permanently-- child poverty across our country.   Someone has said that children are the casualties of every age, and  while this is a longstanding problem, the fight could not be more  urgent as countless families work to pull themselves out of the  economic misery caused by a once-in-a-century pandemic. This pain is  felt all across our country.   But as we talk about the issue of child poverty, this is not  theoretical. For me, it is personal. I grew up in public housing. I am  one of 12 children in my family. I am No. 11 and the first college  graduate. I stand here today as a U.S. Senator, but I am the product of  good Federal public policy and good public schools. I know that what we  do in this Chamber makes a difference in the lives of families and in  the lives of all of our children. My life's journey is a testament to  the promise of our country, the greatest country on Earth, when we make  the necessary investments in our youth and enable them to thrive.   As a pastor, I speak to young people all the time, and I often go  back to my hometown of Savannah, GA, and communities all across Georgia  like the neighborhood I grew up in. In my efforts to inspire children  who are struggling, I tell them that your parent's income does not have  to determine your outcome. It is not where you start; it is where you  end up.   Now, that is what I say to them, and I believe it, because they need  to be inspired to give it all that they have got. But the truth is,  when I tell them that their parent's income does not determine their  outcome, that is not based simply on what they do, but on what we do.  That has to be made real through good public policy.   That is why I am so proud to work with my Senate colleagues and I was  so happy to join this U.S. Senate at such a critical time in our  country, and in a moment, when we, buoyed by the people of Georgia who  made a historic choice, our majority enabled us to pass the American  Rescue Plan.   Over the past year, we have seen how the consequences of COVID-19 and  the economic downturn that followed it have both illuminated and  exacerbated so many of the longstanding disparities that have  challenged Georgians, Americans, and people everywhere. We know that  low-income families and children, especially, have not only not been  spared but have, in many ways, suffered more than most. Children are  casualties at every age.   According to data from the Center for American Progress, we know that  nearly one in five children in Georgia was living in poverty last year.  Think about that: nearly one in five children in poverty in the middle  of a pandemic. It is tough enough to live in poverty, but it is even  tougher to live in poverty in the middle of a pandemic. What could be  tougher than being a child in poverty in a pandemic?   Another 217,000 of those children live in what we could call extreme  poverty in the United States--stock markets soaring and children  struggling and no relationship between what is happening on Wall Street  and what is happening on their streets. It is our job to make it true  when I say to them that their parent's income need not determine their  outcome.   I don't know about anyone else, but I think that these high rates of  child poverty are unacceptable in the greatest, richest country on the  planet.  [[Page S1845]]  Often, we tell our children to stay on the right road, to stay out of  trouble, and we should--stay focused--but we ought to spread that net  of responsibility.   The truth is, poverty is its own violence. Poverty is a violence that  traumatizes the mind, oppresses the body, and bruises the human spirit,  so that is why the American Rescue Plan is so necessary, so important,  and so historic. I am glad that Senators Booker, Brown, and Bennet--I  feel a little left out, the odd guy out here--I am glad that we were  able to push through, in the American Rescue Plan, a landmark expansion  of two tax credit programs: the child tax credit and the earned income  tax credit.   Now, I am calling on all my Senate colleagues to join us in making  these expansions permanent. By increasing the child tax credit,  thousands of more dollars a year will flow into the pockets of the  children and families who need it most, cutting poverty--child  poverty--nationwide in half.   In Georgia, more than 1 million families with children will benefit  from the increased tax refund, and it will lift more than 171,000  Georgia children out of poverty. Those are my neighbors and yours.  Those are kids around my church and who attend my church.   So I want to be clear. Not only were we able to expand the tax refund  so that more families are getting more money, but we were able to do so  in such a way that it gives families a monthly cash payment providing  greater financial security.   This is going to be a gamechanger for so many families, especially  those who did not previously qualify for the credit when it was used  just to offset taxes already owed to the government. Prior to this  expansion, we had folk who were too poor to get our help. There is  something wrong about that--too poor to get our help. This expansion  corrects that. Now, we are putting dollars directly into the hands of  the families who need it the most.   In the COVID package, we were able to strengthen the earned income  tax credit, nearly tripling the maximum tax refund allowed for  qualifying workers because we have to make sure that childless families  in our communities also have the support they need to pay their rent,  keep food on the table, and more to keep our communities strong.   Taken together, expanding and extending these programs are a major  move toward eliminating child poverty and poverty in general once and  for all in Georgia and all across our country, but it is still not  enough to truly tackle the issue. We have included this in the American  Rescue Plan; now, we must make it permanent. As so often is the case,  the right thing to do is also the smart thing to do. This will not only  help these families, it will help the American economy.   I am just old enough to remember when they started talking about  trickle-down economics. I know some communities where they have been  waiting for decades for that trickle. It hadn't trickled down; it is  trickling up.   The right thing to do is often the smart thing to do. When we help  these families, it is actually good economic policy. Because when you  help poor families with children, they buy things like food, baby  diapers, a coat for their kid, and it helps the American economy.   The right thing to do is the smart thing to do. If Congress can slash  child poverty for 1 year, why wouldn't we or shouldn't we do it once  and for all? And so I urge the Senate to stand up and do this work in  this moral moment in America.   In just a few days, I will go home. I will stand up, and I will  preach on Easter Sunday morning. This year, as it turns out, Easter is  on April 4. It is the anniversary of Dr. King's death. So I will be  thinking about Dr. King as I preach this coming Easter because Dr. King  spent his last birthday, January 15, 1968, in his office, at our  church, among other things, planning the Poor People's Campaign, trying  to organize us and get us ready to stand up against poverty. He spent  his birthday thinking about other people's children because he  understood that his children would not be OK until other people's  children were OK.   April 4 is his birthday. April 4 is also Easter this year. Let's make  these tax credits permanent and resurrect hope and possibility and  promise for all of America's children.   I yield the floor.   