 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.   I want to make two basic points at the beginning and then discuss  some of the specifics of the bill.   The first is the word ``deterrence.'' The cornerstone of our defense  policy is deterrence. The best battle is the one that doesn't occur.  The best war is the one that doesn't occur. And there are those who  will say that this bill authorizes a very large amount of expenditures.  I can assure you that war would dwarf the expenditures in this bill.    And deterrence is the whole idea of having a force that would  convince any potential adversary that attacking the United States is a  losing proposition, that it would cost them more than they would ever  gain.   That has been our strategy for many years. It is our strategy going  forward, and I will talk about it in some specific terms with regard to  this bill. But it is important to understand that that's why we are  doing this defense bill, is to provide and strengthen and ensure that  this country has the forces and the weapons that are necessary to deter  any potential adversary.   The second concept that, generally, I want to discuss is consensus.  When I go home to Maine, people are amazed that we do anything  together, because all they see on the TV news and read in the  newspapers is about conflict--bickering, arguing, differing. Why can't  they get anything done? What they don't know is that we do get a great  deal done, and a lot of it is by unanimous consent, by consensus.   This bill is a good example. This is the 61st year that the National  Defense Authorization Act has come to Congress, and we hope it is going  to pass this year. For the past 60 years, every single year, we have  passed a National Defense Authorization.  [[Page S8323]]    And we usually--well, not usually, not almost always--we always pass  them on a bipartisan basis. This bill came out of the committee 25 to  1. That is pretty close to unanimous. And we always get substantial  support in our committee, the Armed Services Committee, but also on the  floor of the United States Senate.   Why?   Because the Members of this body, just as the people across this  country, are committed to those who serve in uniform, and they are  committed to the idea of peace and the idea of deterring adversaries  and avoiding conflict and war.   They all think that all we do is argue, and this bill is proof that  that is not the case.   When I first got here, my first two chairs of the Armed Services  Committee were Carl Levin and John McCain, Senators who represented, in  my mind, the best of the tradition of this Senate. They argued fiercely  in favor of their positions, worked hard to resolve conflict within the  committee, and were absolutely committed to the values of the United  States of America.   Despite all the partisan differences that exist in the country, this  bill is an example that we are still united when it comes to the  defense of the United States.   It comes on the heels of Monday's signing of the historic bipartisan  infrastructure bill. I think it is interesting that the bill has in its  name--it has a name, I am not even sure what it is, but everyone refers  to it as the ``bipartisan infrastructure bill'' because it was  supported by bipartisan majorities in both Houses. And in this bill, we  are coming together to do something similar, to support our country  and, particularly, to support those who put their lives on the line to  defend this country.   And I want to stop there for just a second. We all go through life  getting various jobs, signing up for jobs, applying, and then you sign  a form and you join the company. There are very few jobs in our society  when you sign on the dotted line, you are literally putting your life  on the line. Members of the military and first responders are the only  people I can think of that do that. It is something we need to remind  ourselves. In addition to all the other responsibilities that you are  taking on when you join the military, you are literally signing to  commit your life, if necessary, in defense of this country.   I believe this bill is essential to protecting our servicemembers,  the industrial base which serves the defense of our country, and,  collectively, our national security. The Armed Services Committee has  produced a bill that will make our Nation safer and stronger.   For example, taking care of our servicemembers: 2.7 percent pay raise  for military servicemembers and the Department of Defense civilian  workforce. That pay raise is important, and if this bill doesn't pass,  it won't happen. So that is one of the immediate reasons that we need  to pass this bill, to provide a pay raise to our military personnel.   They will also receive 12 weeks of parental leave for birth,  adoption, and foster care placement of a child.   One of the provisions that I am interested in is that there is  substantial support in this bill for our naval infrastructure. It  authorizes funding, for example, to Arleigh Burke-class destroyers,  which Bath Iron Works in the State of Maine will be able to compete  for, and this, in furtherance, supports our Navy's ability to deter  adversaries around the world.   It is no secret that the Pacific is an important area of potential  conflict. And the Pacific is an ocean and it requires ships in order to  project power, and those ships are built here in America. And this bill  demonstrates Congress' intent to support the Navy, to support  shipbuilding, and to support the industrial base.    One of the things the bill does is provide for a new--what they call  a multiyear contract, where the Navy commits to buying more than one  ship at a time, which gives them a better price per ship. That is good  for the taxpayers and also gives some assurance to the industrial base  that the jobs will be there and the work will be there in order to  maintain the support.   We often forget that the companies that do these--produce these  amazing products cannot be turned off and on like a switch. I have  visited shipyards. I visited in Norfolk; I visited in Maine,  Portsmouth, and at Bath Iron Works many times. And these are amazingly  complicated pieces of machinery. I believe that the destroyers built at  Bath Iron Works are quite possibly the most complex product built in  America.   And the people who build them have to know that they are going to  have a job a year from now and 2 years from now. We can't go herky- jerky from one year to the next. Once you lose a welder who goes  somewhere else, it is hard to get them back.   So the maintenance of the industrial base, whether it is in  shipbuilding, aircraft, humvees, whatever the vehicles are, whatever  the platforms are that support our military, it has to be done on a  consistent and predictable basis so that those factories, large and  small--and, by the way, there are thousands of small businesses that  support these larger industries. They have to know that there is some  future, and that is why things like a multiyear procurement is very  important. This industrial base is not something that you can turn off  and on.   There is a research provision in this bill that is very important.  University of Maine is one of those universities that provides vital  research to the military, because we always have to be thinking not  about the last war or the last conflict, but the future. And everybody  in this room knows that the future is going to be based upon newer and  newer and newer technologies. So research is an essential part of  building the strength of this country.   I worked for the last 2 years on something called the National  Cyberspace Solarium Commission. Our job was to come together to form  and recommend--recommend--a national strategy in cyberspace to defend  this country, which we did in March of 2020. A number of the  recommendations of our commission were enacted last year, either in the  National Defense Authorization Act or in other areas of legislation  that we passed. And, this year, there are some really crucial ones in  this year's National Defense Authorization Act--crucial provisions to  defend this country in cyberspace.   The next 9/11 will be cyber, and if we are not ready for it after all  the warnings that we have had, shame on us. Worse than shame on us; it  will be destructive of this country. And that is why I am so proud that  there are provisions in this bill that will help us to respond, that  will help us to understand what is going on, will help the private  sector and the Federal Government to work together to meet and defeat  this 21st century challenge.   In many ways, cyber is a new manner of conflict. We have to reimagine  conflict. Traditionally, we think of conflict and war as Army versus  Army and Navy versus Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard, and now the Space  Force.   But cyber is all about the private sector. Eighty-five percent of the  target in cyberspace is in the private sector, and they are not going  to have their own army. So that is where there has to be a new  relationship of trust and confidence between the private sector and the  public sector in order to successfully defend this country in  cyberspace. And, indeed, there is a provision, hopefully, that will  enter this bill through the manager's package that will deal exactly  with that subject.   This bill also secures the future of the nuclear triad. Strategic  forces, otherwise known as nuclear weapons, are hard to talk about.  They are hard to think about because they are so horrendous.   But to go back to the beginning of my remarks, the issue here is  deterrence, and we have had a deterrent strategy virtually since 1945,  and it has worked. Thank God there has not been a use of nuclear  weapons since 1945.   Why?   Because of the strategy that every adversary knows that they will pay  an awful price, if they attack us, using nuclear weapons.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, we have had  hearings, we have had discussions, we have had readings on how do we  successfully modernize our nuclear triad--bombers, submarines, and  missiles--in such a way as to ensure the vitality of the deterrent  strategy.   The problem is that all three of those legs of the triad have  basically been  [[Page S8324]]  unattended to for 30 or 40 or sometimes 50 years. And as they degrade  in capability, so also degrades the capability of our deterrence.   If the adversaries look and say, ``They are trying to fly 50-year-old  airplanes, or they are trying to defend themselves with missiles that  they are unsure of whether they will work,'' then the adversary says,  ``Well, maybe we can get away with an attack.''   And therein lies a path to a horrendous nuclear conflict, which has  to be avoided. The best way to avoid it is to be sure that our  deterrence is credible. The only way to make it credible is to be sure  that it is modernized. That is exactly what this bill contemplates.   Another provision of this bill that, I think, is critically important  is a substantial change in the military code of justice, with regard to  sexual assault, that puts in place an independent prosecutor system to  take the decisions about moving forward on sexual assault claims out of  the chain of command and puts it in a special professional prosecutor's  decision.   I think that is important not only for the practical effect, but for  the message that it sends to soldiers and sailors and airmen and  guardsmen that we are serious about this; that they can feel  comfortable reporting violations; that they can come forward and that  there is no danger that the complaints that they make will be swept  under the rug.   I think this is an important provision of this bill, and I want to  commend my friend Senator Gillibrand, who has spent as long as I can  remember--as long as I have been on the committee, which is 9 years,  working on this issue, and, in many ways, this is the culmination of  her work.   Another provision of this bill that I am particularly interested in  is that we learn the lessons from 20 years in Afghanistan. Senator  Duckworth has proposed the creation of an Afghan war commission, an  independent commission, not made up of generals, not made of people who  were in Afghanistan, but of people who can take a clear-eyed look at  the successes and mistakes concerning our engagement in Afghanistan. I  think this commission is an important idea. I was delighted to support  Senator Duckworth's proposal.   Another provision that we hope will be included within the National  Defense Authorization Act this year is the United States Innovation and  Competition Act, which we have already passed here in this body, but if  we put it in this bill, it will then go to the other body, and there  will be consideration there.   This is a critical piece of legislation to enable competition with  China. And make no mistake, we are in competition with China. So  passing that bill as part of the national defense bill, to me, makes  total sense because we are talking about national security, and being  competitive in areas like AI and chips and quantum computing is as much  a part of national security as bombers and submarines.   It also includes a provision about competition in the Arctic, which  is one of the areas of the world that is opening to competition and,  potentially, to conflict. We don't want that to happen.   Finally, the bill reasserts the fundamental congressional  responsibility--I almost said ``prerogative,'' but it is not. It is a  responsibility of Congress to make the decision as to when this country  is committed to war.   In recent years--well, a little history. The last time the Congress  declared war was in 1942. We have had AUMFs, authorizations for use of  military force. This bill will repeal two of the early AUMFs that have  been used as a kind of blank check by the executive to deploy troops  and engage in conflict around the world. In 1991 and 2002, there were  AUMFs involving Iraq.   If you go back to the debates of the Constitutional Convention, I  think it was--I want to say--August 17, 1787, when there was a debate  about the war power, and there were those who said the Executive has to  have the power to declare war; Congress is too cumbersome; the  Executive can only do that.   There were others who said: Wait a minute. We rebelled against the  King of England because we didn't like the King and the prince being  able to unilaterally take us into war.   The compromise was to divide the responsibility. The President is the  Commander in Chief, but Congress has the responsibility to declare war.  This power has not been usurped by modern Presidents. It has been  abandoned--it has been given up--by modern Congresses. This bill is a  step away from what, I think, is a serious gap in our adherence to the  fundamental purpose of the Constitution.   So there is plenty of good in this bill; there is plenty to  celebrate. I am delighted to be able to support it. I have only just  scratched the surface, but it is a kind of truism that you will never  be successful in a military context if you are fighting the last war.  You have to think about conflict in the future.   In Maine, sometimes people say: We have never done it that way  before.   I am sure the Presiding Officer hears that in Colorado, and you hear  it all around the country: We have never done it that way before.   If that is our attitude, we are sunk. We have to think about what is  coming at us, about what is in the future.   Cyber will be part of any kind of conflict we may become engaged in,  and I hope we never become engaged in a serious conflict. Again, that  is the entire purpose of this bill. It is to deter any potential  adversary from thinking that they can successfully attack this country.   This bill defends the interests of America. It defends the interests  of our military and our wonderful military people who are deployed  around the world and, as I say, who are putting their lives on the line  for this country.   We can come together, hopefully, in the next few days, in a  bipartisan way, to pass this bill, to pass the word, in the words of  President Kennedy, ``to friend and foe alike,'' that we will accept the  burdens of leadership and that we will meet our responsibility to John  McCain, to Carl Levin, to all those who have come before us, and to the  people of the United States of America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my military  fellow, Sean McDonald, have floor privileges during the consideration  of the fiscal year 2022 National Defense Authorization Act and any  consideration of matters pertaining to national security.   