 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1339, the Advanced Air  Mobility Coordination and Leadership Act.   I want to thank the sponsors of this legislation for introducing this  very important bill. The bill directs the Department of Transportation  to form a working group with other Federal agencies to ensure that the  advanced air mobility industry has the Federal backing it needs to  commence operations and to succeed.   I recently had the opportunity to fly a simulated advanced air  mobility, or AAM, flight and was very impressed with the technology.   In just a few short years, we may be seeing multiple companies  carrying paying passengers in highly automated electric vertical  takeoff and landing aircraft.   These operations will connect cities, towns, and neighborhoods all  across the country in a very safe, quiet, and environmentally friendly  way.   Madam Speaker, this is a good bill and keeps the momentum going for  American leadership in the advanced air mobility industry. That is why  I support H.R. 1339, and I urge a ``yes'' vote today.   Madam Speaker, before I reserve, I also want to pay tribute to Holly  Woodruff Lyons, our longtime Subcommittee on Aviation staff director.  After nearly 20 years on the committee, Holly will be retiring at the  end of this year.   It is hard to imagine the committee without Holly. Each new  Republican chairman or ranking member has received the same advice from  their predecessor: whatever you do, make sure Holly stays. I am sorry  to say that the streak has finally ended on my watch, but her legacy  will cast a long shadow in these halls for years to come.   Holly has helped shape every single piece of aviation legislation in  the past two decades, and she is responsible for literally hundreds of  provisions in law that have improved the lives of everyday Americans.  [[Page H6140]]    Holly is a consummate professional and dedicated staffer, and we will  sorely miss her counsel and very much miss her wisdom.   I am personally grateful for her service to this committee, both as a  pilot and a Member of Congress.   I thank her so much for dedicating her career to aviation safety and  her service to the American public. She will never be a stranger around  here, and I hope she and Mark make the most of their well-earned  retirements. I thank her for all she has done.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Madam Speaker, in closing, this legislation  takes an important step in preparing the Federal Government and our  communities for the introduction of advanced air mobility vehicles.   Madam Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to be the sponsor of H.R. 3193, the  Eliminating Barriers to Rural Internet Development Grant Eligibility  Act, or E-BRIDGE, along with the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr.  Guest).   Unfortunately, too many of our communities, particularly in rural  America, still lack broadband access. Broadband is critical to  conducting business and attracting jobs for telehealth, education, and  emergency preparedness and response efforts in this digital age.   While Economic Development Administration, or EDA, grants may already  be used to attract jobs in economically distressed areas, there are  hurdles to using these grants for broadband projects, including  difficult last-mile efforts that often delay rural broadband  development. This bill removes those hurdles to help connect and  revitalize our rural communities.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Guest).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time to close.   H.R. 3193 is going to ensure that rural and economically distressed  communities are equipped to use EDA grants to develop high-speed  broadband access. I feel very strongly about this bill, and I urge  support of this important legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   