 Madam President, I can say with certainty that General  Austin has no better friend or ally in this Chamber than Senator Dan  Sullivan, who has seen him as a person and seen him as a commander.   Those votes will occur later today.   Madam President, I rise today on the floor to talk about what  happened yesterday at the Capitol and what happened 2 weeks ago at the  Capitol.   Yesterday, we had the 59th Presidential inauguration right here. The  citadel of democracy was once again the place where a President and  Vice President were sworn in for 4 years.   Starting in 1789, every 4 years, America and the world have witnessed  this remarkable event that provides for the peaceful transfer of  Executive power and the continuity of government--something we  sometimes take for granted but is rare, even today. It has happened  through wars. It has happened through economic recessions. We have had  our inaugurations today and during this unprecedented COVID-19  pandemic.   What is more, the inauguration took place 2 weeks to the day on the  very west steps of the United States Capitol where a violent mob  stormed this building, desecrating these halls, and tried to stop our  constitutionally mandated deliberations in this body.   It was the ninth inauguration ceremony I have attended. I was proud  to be there as President Biden and Vice President Harris were sworn in.   I am here on the floor today to thank the Capitol Police and other  law enforcement agencies, including the Secret Service and its  Director, Jim Murray, who took the lead on this national special  security event to ensure that things went smoothly and that we, indeed,  had a peaceful transfer of power.   I also want to give special thanks to the men and women of the  National Guard, who worked to ensure this ceremony was safe and secure.  Over the past 2 weeks, 25,000 National Guard troops from across the  country, including all 50 States and 3 territories, answered the call,  leaving their families and friends and, for most, leaving their regular  jobs to help defend this sacred celebration of democracy that occurred  at this place yesterday.   This number of 25,000 troops includes nearly 1,000 guardsmen from my  home State of Ohio. I had the opportunity to meet with a couple hundred  of these citizen soldiers from Ohio yesterday. I was able to tell them  how much we appreciate their commitment to the mission and what they  have done, truly, to protect democracy and to help our Capitol Police  during a stressful time. Because of their efforts, the ceremony was  safe for everyone in attendance, and we were able to proceed with this  transfer of power.   When I thanked them, they all told me the same thing--they were just  doing their duty. They were proud to be here. They were protecting  their country and their fellow citizens   I have seen this firsthand over the years when I have visited Ohio  National Guard installations around our State, including the Mansfield  Air Base, the Toledo Air Base, the Springfield Air Base, Rickenbacker  Air National Guard.   During this pandemic, when more Americans than ever are facing severe  food insecurity, I have had the chance to hand out food with members of  the Ohio Army National Guard who have been working around the clock at  food banks I have been at, like Greater Cleveland Food Bank or Central  Ohio Food Bank. They are working hard alongside volunteers to respond  to a true crisis.   But that is not all. The Ohio National Guard has played an essential  role in providing critical assistance to our prisons and our jails when  guards were out with the COVID virus. They have helped with testing.  They have helped to get the COVID-19 vaccines distributed across our  State, and they are continuing to do that. We can't thank them enough  for what they have done during this time of crisis.   As I have visited with the Guard this week, both with regard to the  Ohio members and Guard from all over the country, including some  conversations I had this morning, I have told them all what I have  heard from the Capitol Police this week. I have heard that they really  appreciated the backup at a time when shifts have been long, sleep has  been rare, and the effects of the attack on the Capitol are still  acutely felt.   It has been a tough 2 weeks on our Capitol police officers. It has  been a tough 2 weeks since the attack on the Capitol.   I want to take this opportunity to also express the gratitude of all  of us in this Chamber and all Americans to the Capitol Police for  bravely holding the line against an illegal, violent mob that  threatened this building, our proceedings, and our colleagues.   In effect, the men and women of the Capitol Police Force put their  lives on the line to defend democracy. It is that simple.   As I said on this floor that terrible night 2 weeks ago, it was  because of their courage that we were safe and because of their courage  that we were able to demonstrate to the American people and the world  that we were going to accomplish our constitutional duty of certifying  the election. They allowed us to do that.   As a Congress, we have begun a complete, impartial, and nonpartisan  investigation into what went wrong that day. I am working across the  Senate with the committees of jurisdiction--the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, where I will be the ranking Republican,  the Rules Committee, the Appropriations Committee, and the Intelligence  Committee to ensure that our Capitol Police are never put in that kind  of position again. We are performing oversight to ensure they have what  they need to be able to protect the Capitol going forward.   Without prejudging our investigation, we must consider what reforms  need to be made and take a hard look at the physical security of our  Capitol Complex. While these buildings must remain accessible to the  people, we need to look at incorporating the best practices in physical  security, to include shatterproof windows and doors that can't be  easily breached. This will  [[Page S86]]  cost money, but it is absolutely necessary, based on what happened on  the 6th of January.   I look forward to helping lead this bipartisan effort, and I urge my  fellow Members of Congress to join in.   Again, I don't want to prejudge our review, but I know among the  findings we will make is a finding that the officers on the line were  heroic, and those officers deserve our gratitude.   We must never forget those who lost their lives that night, including  a law enforcement officer and member of the Capitol Police, Officer  Brian Sicknick, who, since 2008, had patrolled these halls and had been  a familiar face to many of us. He was tragically killed defending this  Capitol. He gave his life in heroic defense of us and our democracy.   Only a couple of days after the attack, I learned the tragic news  that we lost another officer, a friend, Officer Howard Liebengood.  Howie was on duty the day the Capitol was attacked and responded to the  attack just as his many brave comrades did. He experienced some  difficult experiences that night. I was devastated to learn of his  death the next day.   Howie was someone I used to see almost every day. He was usually  stationed in the Russell Building, where my office is located. He was  an utmost professional--someone who took great pride in his work and  had an ironclad commitment to keeping people safe. His dad was Sergeant  at Arms here at one time.   He brightened my day every time I saw him. The last time was a few  weeks ago, when he was standing guard outside the doors to the Russell  Building, alone in the cold, alert, vigilant, and good-humored.   Today I reread a letter that I wrote to the Chief of the Capitol  Police several years ago, commending the exceptional work of Howie and  his partner, Chris Gallo, for their ``professionalism, coupled with  their kind demeanor.''   Howie represented what is great and good about not just our police  force but our country.   Rest in peace, Officer Brian Sicknick and Officer Howard Liebengood.   Through the tragedy of that day 2 weeks ago came other stories of  bravery and valor too. We have heard about the heroic actions of  Officer Eugene Goodman, an Army veteran whose quick thinking under  intense pressure protected us here in this Senate Chamber by leading  the mob away from the Chamber while many of us were still inside.   He unselfishly put himself in danger and, despite the risk, handled  himself with the professionalism that defines the Capitol Police, and I  was pleased to see his promotion.   Officer Goodman's heroic efforts are, to me, representative of the  actions of all the brave officers of the Capitol Police, who, on that  day of violence and lawlessness, held the line against the mob.   I am proud of another member of the Capitol Police. This is the  supervisor. Inspector Tommy Lloyd is commander of the Capitol  division--as compared to the House and the Senate, commander of the  division to protect the Capitol itself.   This is a powerful photograph that I saw in TIME magazine. It is a  photograph of him facing the mob, shoulder to shoulder with his line  officers.   The Capitol was breached, but because of the valor of these men and  women, we were able to complete our job and are able to be here today,  discussing the workings of our democracy, confirming members of the new  administration, doing our job.   The actions of law enforcement in the Capitol should serve as a  reminder to all of us of the risks our police officers take every  single day to keep us safe--not just here in the Capitol but around the  country. On Monday, for example, the city of Toledo, OH, lost one of  its own when Officer Brandon Stalker of the Toledo Police Department  was killed in a standoff with a gunman. Officer Stalker, only 24 years  old, was the father of two young children and engaged to be married. He  had a promising life ahead of him. My thoughts are with the friends and  families of Officer Stalker and the friends and families of Officers  Sicknick and Liebengood during this difficult time.   Even with all the threats and challenges they face, our officers of  the law here and around the country carry on in their duties to protect  and to serve. They are truly the best of America. Officer Stalker's  fellow officers will continue to patrol the streets of Toledo to keep  its citizens safe. Yesterday, despite the hardships they have faced,  the Capitol Police, once again, lined the Halls of Congress, keeping  watch over the inauguration of the next President and Vice President of  the United States.   Together, the National Guard, the Capitol Police, the Secret Service,  and other law enforcement protected a Presidential inauguration that  was at once like none other in recent memory, and yet also a  continuation of a long and great tradition--an unbroken chain of  peacefully transferring power that our Nation has cherished since 1789.  They did their duty, as they do every day, in defense of the values we  Americans hold dearest--democracy, liberty, rule of law--and we all owe  them a debt of gratitude.   I yield the floor.   