 Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor now for the  21st time specifically to oppose President Biden's sweeping vaccine  mandates.   I have introduced over a dozen bills to one way or another limit,  clarify, or counteract the mandates. Every time I have come to ask the  Senate to pass what should, frankly, be uncontroversial matters, one of  my colleagues or another from the other side of the aisle has come to  object. This is unfortunate. It is unfortunate, really, for a number of  reasons.   These mandates, while currently being challenged in court in a number  of jurisdictions, show the terrible power that even the threat of a  vaccine mandate can wield. Businesses across the country are  suspending, punishing, and firing employees who haven't had the COVID  shot. The threat of the mandate is making it harder for everyday  American families just to put food on the table and to do so, moreover,  in increasingly difficult economic times.   Now, these are not our enemies. These are not people to be feared.  These are not people to shun or loathe entirely, as the mandates seem  to suggest. No. No. These are our friends and our neighbors. These are  mothers and fathers. These are people who, like far too many Americans,  are just struggling to get by.   I am going to continue to fight for them and to protect them because  they understand something that President Biden has yet to accept even  though, deep down, I know he does know it, and that is, this isn't  right. It is not right for him to do. It is not right constitutionally  for about a dozen reasons, but it is also just not right morally.   It is a morally unacceptable proposition to suggest that someone  should get fired just because they don't conform to Presidential  medical orthodoxy. It is immoral to tell someone that their ability to  put food on the table for their children depends on whether they get a  shot--a shot that they may or may not want; a shot that may or may not  conflict with their religious or sincerely held beliefs, that might be  contraindicated by one or more conditions, resulting in their doctors  advising them not to get the shot.   This is not something that anyone should do. In fact, the American  people agree. According to a recent Axios poll, only 14 percent of  Americans--just 14 out of every 100 Americans--agree with the apparent  position of the President of the United States that if someone doesn't  get the shot, they should be fired. I would imagine it is even fewer  than that. Fourteen out of a hundred isn't very many to begin with, but  I am pretty sure it is even fewer than that--far fewer--who would say  that it is OK for one person within the Federal Government to decide to  fire everyone who doesn't comply within the government and also to tell  private employers that they will receive crippling, company-destroying  fines--that no company, not even the wealthiest out there, could live  with--if they don't fire every one of their employees or otherwise take  adverse action against them in their declining to take the shot. It is  not OK.    In this effort, I have, to be sure, been supremely clear. I am not in  any way against the COVID-19 vaccinations--quite to the contrary. I  have been vaccinated. I have encouraged people to seek out all the  relevant information and be vaccinated. I believe that the COVID-19  vaccines are keeping countless Americans safe from the harm threatened  by the COVID-19 virus.   This is different than that. As a matter of fact, there is an  undercut, and it can't offset the fact that this mandate is pushing  government control beyond the constitutional limits and into the  private decisions of the American people.   That is why I am against all of these mandates for all age groups,  and that is why I have come to the Senate floor repeatedly to help and  to call on my colleagues and President Biden himself to end this  madness once and for all, to end it before it is too late, to end it  before irreparable harm is inflicted on those who, for whatever reason,  can't or are otherwise inclined not to comply with his directions.   I have even offered a bill, one that should be unusually, uniquely  uncontroversial, but even that one met objection. It was a simple  reaffirmation of parental rights that our government has respected and  honored and even protected from the beginning.   My Parental Consent for Vaccination Act would simply require that any  COVID-19 vaccine mandate issued by the Federal Government--to be clear,  it shouldn't be issuing any at all, but any of them that it happens to  issue must be a mandate that includes a requirement that informed  parental consent be provided before the shot can be administered to a  minor.  [[Page S9240]]    Now, this one is so far afield from the broader question of whether  we should have these mandates at all. It is the slightly narrower  question of whether the President of the United States should  administer them. It really should not be controversial.   Now, allow me to put this issue in some context here. Parental  consent is required for all sorts of things. Parental consent, as every  parent with school-aged children knows, is required for field trips.  Parental consent is required for pretty much all extracurricular  activities. For that matter, it is required for many in-class  activities. Parental consent is required before most schools can  administer so much as a Tylenol or a baby aspirin to a child. Everyone  knows that. None of that is happening without parental consent.   That is, to be sure, the right approach. It is as it should be.  Despite what some candidates have said in some recent political  campaigns, parents should be informed and involved in their children's  education and certainly in their child's health decisions, in matters  of medical treatment.   Parents, it is important to remember, are simply better equipped to  make these decisions. Parents know their children, and they know their  children's medical histories. Parents know their moral, their  religious, and their health requirements that are, in many cases,  unique to their families. It is certainly something that no government  and no school can keep track of in the same way that a government or a  school does. Parents also love their children--that is important here-- and parents, because they love their children, have their children's  best interests at heart when they make decisions affecting them.   The government can't do any of those things. It certainly can't do  any of those things anywhere close to as well as a parent could. The  reason for that is fairly simple. It is because government doesn't have  arms with which to embrace children. The government doesn't have a  heart with which to love children. The government doesn't even have  eyes to see or ears to hear because government, of course, when reduced  to its essence, when we really define it as what it is, is simply  force. It is legally authorized violence.   Now, thank Heaven that God and the law have always assigned the  primary care of their children to parents and not to government.  Government is just the official actual or threatened use of force. We  need government. It is also one of the many reasons we have to be  careful with it just like other things that we rely on in so many  ways--things like electricity, like moving water, like fire. They are  all necessary to our day-to-day lives, and yet when left uncontrolled,  they are dangerous and quickly become fatal when we don't exercise due  caution.    This has, of course, been acknowledged for millennia. It has been  written about widely for many, many centuries, even centuries before  the founding of our Republic. And it has been acknowledged since the  very earliest days of our Republic.   George Washington himself warned the people about this, warning that  government is itself forced and is therefore dangerous and has to be  carefully managed. That is why we have a Constitution. That is why we  have all these rules about government.   If men were angels, we wouldn't need government. If we had access to  angels to run our government, as James Madison described it in  Federalist 51, then we wouldn't have to bother about government abusing  its power, and we wouldn't need all these rules.   But we are not angels. Men and women are not angels. And we don't  have access to angels to run our government, and so we have to have  rules governing the use of government. And it is for our own safety.   Nowhere is this more important than with respect to our children.  That is where we can really see laid bare the essential, core facts of  what government is, which is the actual or threatened use of coercive  force.   Now, I also thank heaven above that God didn't assign the anonymous  masses on the internet to care for children. The pressure children  receive through social media, through news publications, and common  video sites lacks nuance and any specific understanding of a child's  health condition or history or religious beliefs.   There are even reports in prominent magazines of children being  advised to commit fraud or cross State lines to be vaccinated  specifically against their parents' advice, circumventing parental  authority.   There is a reason why the FDA requires the fine print and the  sometimes very painfully exhaustive and descriptive side-effect  warnings on pharmaceutical advertisements and why those ads always  encourage viewers to consult their doctors. But in the brave new world  of Big Brother healthcare, students aren't encouraged to consult their  parents, let alone their doctors.   Unfortunately, in some places, like here in our Nation's Capital,  government has completely lost the plot. In the District of Columbia  school system, for example, minors can receive medical procedures  without the school even informing the parents. In other places across  the Nation, this slippery slope is already leading governments to  consider life-changing, school-provided medical procedures without  parental notice and without parental consent.   As a parent, this thought sends shivers down my spine. I know I am  not alone in that respect--far from it. Most Americans, regardless of  what part of the country they come from, regardless of creed, political  affiliation, socioeconomic status, or any other single factor, if they  are parents, they are going to feel the same way. They don't like the  idea of someone else taking over the raising of their child. They don't  like the idea of government taking over control of medical decisions on  behalf of their child. You see, that is supplanting their role. That is  moving them out of the way.   School-aged kids are also some of those least at risk of contracting,  spreading, and suffering long-term or serious effects from COVID. The  data has shown this all along. The vaccines, on the other hand, may  pose a more serious risk to some young people than they do the general  population. Various countries, including France and Germany, have  ceased recommending some COVID vaccines to those under the age of 30  because of complications.   Again, I am not against the vaccines, but the thought of schools,  social media, or, heaven forbid, government pressuring students into  vaccination without parental consent is rightfully troubling. It is  downright chilling, and it should not happen--not here, not in the  United States of America.   While the Federal Government has almost no legitimate role in  influencing local education decisions, we can make sure that the  Federal Government does not endorse or, heaven forbid, mandate this  dangerous approach to medical decisions for minors. That is not too  much to ask. That is not something that should be controversial here in  the U.S. Senate. That is not something that is remotely controversial  among the good people of this country--left and right, rich and poor.   If they are parents, they are deeply disturbed by the thought of the  cold, impersonal force that is government pushing them out of the way  to make these medical decisions for them and for their children.   So let's provide assurance to parents and children. Let's reaffirm  our commitment to supporting parents in making decisions for their  children. Let's protect kids, and let's end these mandates.   They are illegal. They are unconstitutional, and they are morally  indefensible.   