 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today because, in a practical place  like the State of Indiana, believe it or not, we actually balance our  budget every year. We have commonsense things in place that if you are  going to receive some benefits of some sort, maybe you do something  where we can help to get you to where you do not need the benefits.   In this case, this is again something that was not broken and is now  being fixed in a way that takes enterprising States like the State of  Indiana, like Texas, like Arizona, places that wanted the ability in  administering their share of Medicaid, to have ways to try to get folks  into a position where they could get back on their feet, seek work, and  do things that would make sense for trying to maybe earn their way into  that benefit somewhat.   Do we believe Washington has all the answers? I think that is what  you believe when you get rid of something that was working in many  places.   I am in the camp that, as much as I know the Federal Government has  to weigh in and do things, but if the argument is that we have been  knocking it out of the park here, that we have been getting things done  that really work, if it wasn't done in the context that of every dollar  we spend here, we borrow 23 cents--and in the time I have been here, 2  and a half years, have been probably the loudest voice on trying to fix  healthcare.   Part of that issue is in my own party, where I think we are  apologists for a broken healthcare industry. The other side of the  aisle wants to just spend money to try to fix it without fixing the  underlying issues that drive so many of the problems in this country,  where we deal with them in a sustainable way in our State governments,  in our local governments. If we take away that flexibility, then we are  defaulting to a system that has not been solving the problems.   Today, we are here specifically talking about the Medicaid Program.  The way it works currently, the Federal Government pays for half the  benefits, and the States pay for half the benefits. The Social Security  Act authorizes a framework of flexibility so enterprising, innovative  States can maybe do something to bring down the cost of these programs  and wean us off the need for them primarily in the long run.   Since President Biden has taken office, several State waivers that  were previously approved under the Trump administration have been  revoked. It has happened in Texas. It has happened in Arkansas. It has  happened in Arizona. And now they are coming after a place like Indiana  that has a system that works so well that we are even in the process of  giving some revenues back to our citizens this coming year, where  revenues were so far above forecast, we are still taking care of issues  at the State level and doing what we ought to be considering: returning  resources to the taxpayer.   This isn't even that. This is trying to retain the flexibility where  it has been working. It is called the Gateway to Work Program, and it  is not like it is overbearing. It just requires 20 hours per month of  work, job searching, school, or community service. It was designed in a  way that engages the individual needing the benefit and that can  improve their quality of life over the long run.   It has had a long history. The pilot was first approved by CMS in  2007. It has been renewed as recently as 2018. Yet the Biden  administration, right now, by taking these actions--these flexibilities  would have been in place until 2025. It is stopping prematurely what I  believe is essential if we are going to ever live within our means  here, finding better ways to do it and more sustainable ways to pay for  it. We should have that flexibility.   With this in mind, I will introduce the Let States Set Medicaid  Requirements Act. This legislation will empower States to have the  flexibility that they have had that has been making progress. It will  encourage behaviors that will improve healthcare outcomes. It has  precedence in other Federal programs when it comes to earning  unemployment benefits or food assistance. This bill is commonsense  policy that I think needs to be put into place so that flexibility  cannot arbitrarily be taken away.   I yield to my colleague.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of my bill, which is at the  desk. Further, I ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, my friend from Oregon, we have had a  discussion not only on this particular issue. I respect his point of  view. And I think we both agree, though, that when it comes to  healthcare, it is something that is breaking the bank in this country.   When it is 20 percent of our GDP, and it is 10 to 12 percent in most  other developed countries, it has got to be a problem with the  underlying industry and the way government has gone about trying to  address it.   I am one in my own business, 13 years ago, who declared that no one  should go broke because they get sick or have a bad accident, and then  took the tools that were out there with a system that didn't give you  many to work with, have found a way to make it sustainable, to put skin  in the game for my own employees, to get them to get better care for  themselves, and to do things that weren't the same things we have been  doing, which have not improved the situation.   Medicaid is paid for half by States, half by the Federal Government.  I think it does entitle States to have more flexibility on account of  it. But what I would ask my colleagues on my side of the aisle is to  look at holding the industry more accountable by being competitive,  transparent, engaging the healthcare consumer, and that the other side  of the aisle doesn't just push through for spending more Federal  dollars, where the proof is in the pudding. Neither approach has been  working.   It is a tapeworm on the economy. Warren Buffett has got it correct.  We need to put our heads together.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   