 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last Friday, we observed the 48th  anniversary of Roe v. Wade--the Supreme Court decision that legalized  abortion through all 9 months of pregnancy. It is a somber day every  year, as we contemplate the millions of lives lost to abortion since  the Roe v. Wade decision.   Gallup has been polling on abortion for decades, and if you look at  the polling on the issue, one thing becomes clear: The majority of  Americans do not believe in unrestricted abortion. Some believe that  abortion should be completely illegal. Some believe abortion should be  legal under certain circumstances. But the majority of Americans do not  believe in unrestricted abortion.   Why is that? Why, despite the best efforts of the far left, do the  majority of Americans think there should be at least some restrictions  on abortion? I suspect the answer is that every person knows on some  level that when we are talking about abortion, we are talking about a  baby, a human being. It is not rocket science; it is biology 101. Human  moms and dads have human babies. Take one look at an ultrasound, at a  baby girl sucking her thumb or a baby boy kicking his feet, and it is  pretty hard to argue that is just a clump of cells.   I believe that is why, despite years of fierce abortion advocacy from  the far left, the majority of Americans do not believe in unrestricted  abortion, because they know--they know--the unborn child is a human  being, and they know a human being deserves to be protected even when  they are small and weak and vulnerable--especially when they are small  and weak and vulnerable.   The truth is, advocates of abortion are fighting an uphill battle. It  doesn't always feel like that. After all, they have a lot of support  from the entertainment industry and magazines and media outlets and  Democratic politicians. The pro-abortion left has a lot of money. They  have won too many victories, and too many babies have been killed. But  despite their money and platform and advantage, in 48 years, advocates  for abortion have not won their fight. They have not managed to  convince anywhere close to a majority of Americans that abortion is an  unqualified good and should be available unrestricted and on demand,  and that is because, for all their advantages, they are fighting an  unwinnable battle because they are fighting against reality, they are  fighting against truth, they are fighting against science, and they are  fighting against the knowledge that is written on every human heart, a  truth that gets obscured but is hard to completely erase, and that is,  every human being has value and deserves to be protected.   Last week, I came down to the floor to praise President Biden's call  for unity, and I suggested that one way he could show that commitment  was by  [[Page S161]]  nominating individuals for key posts who represent a majority of  Americans instead of the far-left wing of his party. I think several of  the President's nominations have demonstrated his commitment to unity.  While perhaps not the people I would have chosen, I believe that a  number of his nominees will serve Americans well, and I have voted  accordingly, casting votes in favor of President Biden's choice for  Director of National Intelligence and Secretary of Defense, among  others.   But unfortunately President Biden has also nominated some individuals  who represent the extreme left of the Democratic Party rather than  mainstream Americans, and nowhere is that more true than with his  radically pro-abortion nominee for Secretary of Health and Human  Services.   As a Member of the House of Representatives, Javier Becerra  accumulated an overwhelmingly pro-abortion voting record, even opposing  a ban on partial-birth abortion--a procedure so heinous and repulsive,  it is difficult even to describe. As attorney general of California, he  used his position to advance the pro-abortion cause.   On top of that, he has shown a disturbing tendency to use his  position to attack freedom of religion and freedom of conscience. As  California attorney general, he sued an order of nuns who care for the  elderly poor to try to force them to offer health insurance benefits  that violate their faith. That is right--he thought it a good use of  his time as attorney general to sue an order of nuns who care for the  elderly poor. He also enthusiastically sought to enforce a California  law that forced crisis pregnancy centers to advertise abortion  services. The case went all the way to the Supreme Court, which  overturned the California law because it violated the free speech  protection of the First Amendment.   It is bad to support evils like abortion. It is worse to not only  support an evil but to attempt to force others to participate in it in  violation of their consciences.   I know the President is a man of faith, which makes it particularly  perplexing why he would choose to nominate an individual who has used  his position to attack freedom of religion and freedom of conscience.  As head of the Department of Health and Human Services, Mr. Becerra  would have the ability to not only push an extremist abortion agenda  but to roll back important progress made to protect individuals'  conscience rights. I am disappointed by the President's choice. Javier  Becerra's pro-abortion views do not represent the views of the majority  of Americans.   I am also very disappointed by the announcement that President Biden  will overturn the Mexico City policy, which protects taxpayer dollars  from being used to finance abortion in other countries. This is not a  unifying action. Americans were not clamoring to have their tax dollars  start supporting abortions abroad. This is only a priority for the pro- abortion lobby.   As I said, I am disappointed in the President's actions, and going  forward, I hope he will not let his Presidency be hijacked by abortion  extremists. But whatever policies this administration pursues, I and  many of my colleagues will continue to work to promote a culture of  life in this country. The arc--the arc--of the moral universe is long,  but I believe it does bend towards justice. I look forward to the day  that we will secure justice for unborn human beings by ensuring that  they are protected   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   