 Madam President, the IRS should not have the right to  spy on American bank accounts, period.   We all know the list of reasons why the Democrats' $3.5 trillion tax- and-spend spree is a disaster. It will bury the American people in a  mountain of debt, crushing inflation, and require new taxes. The  Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, nonpartisan, warns that  this spree could exceed $5 trillion in terms of the deficit.   But aside from the economic disaster of this tax-and-spending spree,  the White House and congressional Democrats want to force banks to  report details of every American's bank account to the IRS. This is  nothing less than mass, indiscriminate government surveillance of  Americans, giving IRS bureaucrats unfettered access to Americans'  personal private finances, which is a gross invasion of privacy and an  abuse of power.   Democrats said that this reporting requirement will only target the  rich. But, according to the New York Times, the Biden administration's  original plan was to have banks ``provide data for accounts with total  annual deposits or withdrawals worth more than $600.'' That is $600  over the course of a year.   I don't know if I can think of anyone other than maybe the 8-year-old  child whose parents opens an account for them to have an account. No  one else who has an account will have less than $600 in transactions  over the course of a year. This would lead to almost every American's  financial banking information being transferred to the IRS, and this is  what the Biden administration is advocating for.   If you are a small business owner, it will be as if you are spied  upon. If you are a family looking to buy your first home, you will be  as if spied upon. If you sell your neighbors some fishing rods, hey,  the IRS is going to know about it. If you are a single working mom  trying to take care of your children paying for daycare, they will know  about it.   But now some are saying we will raise the cutoff to $10,000. But that  doesn't mean that they will limit their espionage, if you will, to  transactions over $10,000. No, this will say that anyone with more than  $10,000 transactions on an annual basis, cumulatively, out of a single  bank account, that will have to be reported. And there is the rub. It  changes almost nothing. Most Americans still fall within this category  and will be caught within the surveillance scheme.   If you pay rent, you will be spied upon. If you buy a new car to  drive your child safely to and from school, the IRS will know it. This  is wrong. On top of a clear violation to our right to privacy, it is  also just terrible policy. The reporting requirements in the $3.5  trillion Democratic only, no Republicans, tax-and-spend spree will  create an unreasonable burden on banks and credit unions to report and  record massive amounts of debt.   Lastly, let's think about why this bill--reconciliation, Democrat- only play--why it wants keys to your bank account. They need it to help  spend for the $3.5 trillion tax-and-spending spree--3.5 trillion, with  a ``t'', dollars. They say they are only going to catch ultrawealthy  tax cheats. That will be a good thing, but that is not what this  legislation does. This legislation doesn't look at the ultrawealthy. It  looks at all of us.   Now, no one wants people to cheat on their taxes. The people who are  cheating should be caught. Republicans have always supported people  paying the taxes they owe. What we oppose is a bill with not a single  substantive committee hearing in the Senate, which will be pushed  through on a strictly party-line vote, in which the American people's  concerns about this level of surveillance of their bank accounts goes  without comment and in which the bill directs the IRS to know details  of almost every single American's bank account. That is what we object  to.   Democrats are showing us the harm government can do when they don't  care about citizens' privacy. They are showing their real priority. It  is having an ability to look into our lives on a scale previously  unimaginable. It is unacceptable, un-American, and should be opposed.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Isabel  Rubio, from my office, be granted floor privileges until October 22,  2021.   