 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, near the end of World War II, the United  Stated detonated the first atomic weapon at the Trinity Test Site in  New Mexico.   Between this first test in 1945 and 1963, the United States did  conduct nearly 200 atmospheric, that is aboveground, atomic weapons  tests. These activities and other aspects of our atomic weapons program  may indeed have led to cancer in some people and other radiation- related illnesses.   That is why, in 1990, Congress passed the Radiation Exposure  Compensation Act, or RECA, to provide restitution to these individuals.  This would add to RECA an apology to individuals in many States. Now,  notably, this amendment would extend an apology to individuals residing  in States not even eligible for compensation under the current terms of  RECA.   After Congress last extended and expanded RECA in 2000, the National  Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine studied the effect of  nuclear weapons tests on the health of surrounding populations. This  study concluded, ``the scientific evidence indicates that in most cases  it is unlikely that exposure to radiation from fallout was a  substantial contributing cause to developing cancer.''   Simply put, the science does not support the assertion that atomic  weapons testing caused widespread instances of cancer. Despite this  finding, the amendment before us would declare that U.S. atomic weapons  testing caused cancer in individuals in New Mexico, Idaho, Colorado,  Arizona, Utah, Texas, Wyoming, Oregon, Washington, South Dakota, North  Dakota, Nevada, Guam, and the Northern Mariana Islands.   The Democrats are fond of saying we must follow the science when they  forbid Americans from going to work or children from attending school  or families from attending church. I wish they would actually follow  the science not only when they find it politically convenient, but when  they find it politically inconvenient.   Any change to RECA must be fully considered by the Judiciary  Committee to ensure that compensation is only provided for illnesses  that can be reasonably traced to activities of the U.S. Government.   On a personal note, I would add that my father, in 1945, was serving  in the 88th Infantry Division in Italy. They were under orders to  prepare to ship out for the invasion of the Japanese mainland. That  invasion would have created a slaughter on both sides unimaginable to  history.   The development of this weapon prevented that from occurring and  saved countless Japanese and American lives and the slaughter that  would have otherwise unfolded. That is not something I intend to  apologize for.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   