 Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, how  quickly my colleagues forget that it was President Trump who entered  into negotiations with the Taliban. It was President Trump who entered  into an agreement with the Taliban that committed the United States to  withdraw our forces. It was President Trump who sold out women and  girls in that country by refusing to put their interests first at that  negotiating table. It was President Trump who elevated the Taliban in  the international community by putting them face-to-face with our  negotiators.   It is important to note, as to the specific request that is being  made by the Senator from Arkansas, that right now, the Taliban is  already designated as a designated global terrorist entity under  Executive Order 13224. So they are already designated as a terrorist  entity.   There are specific problems with this designation. First, I don't  think it is a great idea for us to be designating FTOs by statute.  There is a reason why we generally allow the administration to do this.  But maybe more importantly, what comes with an FTO is the withdrawal of  humanitarian organizations from the country at hand. We know that  because we saw it in Yemen. When President Trump designated the Houthis  as an FTO for about a week, humanitarian organizations started pulling  up their stakes. Right now, there are 18 million Afghans who are in  need of lifesaving humanitarian assistance. This is not the moment to  take a step that will cause Afghans to starve.   The second reason not to do this this way is because, whether we like  it or not, we are in communication through intermediaries with the  Taliban to get our people out, to get our partners out. There are  flights leaving on a regular basis. And to designate them as an FTO, in  addition to the existing designation that the Taliban has as a  specially designated global terrorist entity, is to risk our ability to  continue to bring our people out.   We should be joined together as a Senate, despite the views we have  on whether we should have stayed or left Afghanistan, in our support  for the Afghan people by making sure that we do not take steps to cut  off humanitarian assistance to people in need and our belief that we  should be supporting this administration in their effort to continue to  get our partners out.   This designation done this way will risk both of those initiatives,  and for that reason, I object.   