 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Arkansas.   My bill this week was about 415-0, so I also know how to work in a  bipartisan manner. I think that is probably what I appreciate the most  about your leadership on the Committee on Natural Resources, the  recognition of the long-term challenges that we have but being able to  come up with real solutions for the short term.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to continue the conversation that many of  my colleagues have highlighted from their own individual districts.  Coming from Utah, we are experiencing the worst drought in our modern  history.   Madam Speaker, 99.9 percent of Utah, according to the U.S. Drought  Monitor, is experiencing extreme drought. The entire State is under  this.   The impact of this crisis cannot be overstated. The lack of water  will reduce food and jobs and increase the frequency and size of  wildfires. Unfortunately, our agriculture sector is bearing much of the  brunt of this.   Farmers and ranchers in my State and district have had to reduce  their water use by 70 to 75 percent compared to 2020 numbers. This will  increase food prices for years to come, but it will also decimate rural  economies, which hurt our State and our Nation.   The scope of this issue is magnified by the rapid population growth  taking place in the West. In Utah, the population is expected to double  by 2065. Increased water demand will strain our water infrastructure  and could cripple economic expansion.   We must pursue creative water policies that allow us to respond to  the crises of today while preparing for the challenges of the future.   I am proud of the great work being done by State leaders in Utah and  in our Western States that are working toward this very goal. Here in  Washington, we must carefully consider ways we can streamline, improve,  and update laws and regulations that make it difficult for States to  build the water infrastructure projects they need to meet our ever- increasing demands.   As this issue intensifies, it is incumbent upon us to give this  crisis the attention that it deserves, to collaborate and to work  toward a solution that can enable our communities to prosper in these  difficult times.   Madam Speaker, we owe this to our constituents, our districts, and  our States.   