 Mr. President, I want to talk also about infrastructure  and associate myself with the interest that the country has in  infrastructure.   In fact, one of the things that the government has done the longest  has been roads and bridges and canals. I think, initially, the term  ``internal improvements'' was, in the early 19th century, what they  would have talked about when they talked about what we began to talk  about later as ``infrastructure.'' During almost the entire history of  the country, there was an understanding of what ``infrastructure''  meant in America.   Infrastructure is pretty popular, and infrastructure is definitely  something that you generally can't do for yourself. You can't, on your  own, provide the waterline that connects your house to the next house.  On your own, you can't provide the road that gets you from home to  work. On your own, you can't do a lot of things that we did early on  and up until right now and call them infrastructure. Normally, they  were seen as things like roads and bridges and dams--big projects that  sometimes crossed State lines--or big projects that sometimes were just  too big for a State or a town to handle, like water systems that needed  to be improved.   When we did that--and I will talk later about the way we did that-- the bipartisan agreement also largely led to figuring out ways that  infrastructure would pay for itself, in that the people who used the  infrastructure would pay for the infrastructure, and we looked at that  in a number of different ways.   Now, in the package that the administration has proposed, the $2.3  trillion package, there are lots of things in there that I don't  disagree that the Senate should debate or I don't even rule out of hand  that the country might want to do. Yet I think they are not  infrastructure, and the funding way to get to them makes it harder to  have the kind of bipartisan agreement that, I think, we could have in  an infrastructure bill. The Republicans are for it, and the Democrats  are for it in the House, in the Senate. Let's talk about how to get  there.   Let's also make the point, of the $213 billion in this plan that is  for Green New Deal building makeovers, there may be a place to do that,  and it is something that we could clearly debate, but it is not the  same thing as infrastructure. I was, at one time, the chairman of the  Missouri Housing Development Commission. We did a lot of things to make  it possible for people to have houses or for people to have buildings  that they could have an opportunity to be a part of, but we never  really called it infrastructure, and we did it in a different way.   On surface transportation, generally, for decades, that was paid by  the highway trust fund. How did you fund the highway trust fund? You  funded the highway trust fund by people pulling up to service stations  and putting fuel in their cars, and when they did that, they paid into  the highway trust fund. The more miles you drove, the more you paid  into the highway trust fund, and Americans thought that was fair. We  haven't raised the highway gas tax since 1993, and that could very well  be a debate we should have as part of an infrastructure package. If not  the gas tax, what other kind of user fee could there be? Lots of people  use the highways, the roads, the bridges, and the Interstate Highway  System who don't pay a gas tax now because they are transitioning to  vehicles like electric vehicles that don't fill up at that gas pump.    That is a debate I think we should have as part of an infrastructure  debate. Just last year, it was predicted  [[Page S2103]]  that the highway trust fund would run out of money before the year was  over, and it did. Because we collect less money every year than we  spend every year, we decided to subsidize that out of general revenue,  but nobody in that debate ever thought that it should be the permanent  solution.   For other kinds of projects, we look for ways to help the end user  make a project possible both in urban communities and rural  communities. There are programs in which you can replace your water  system or your stormwater system with something that works and price it  appropriately. What we have done there is say: Well, we are going to  figure out how we can either guarantee your bonds or write down your  loans or both so that the users in those systems over, maybe, 30 years  would pay back in amounts they could afford--what happened when you  turned the lead water pipe into an appropriate water pipe. I am in  favor of replacing every lead water pipe in America, but I think you  can do that in a way that the users of those systems pay for those  systems just like all of their neighbors in neighboring communities are  paying for their systems. We could help them do that, and we have  proven we can help them do that.   We could also create an infrastructure bank. Senator Warner and I  have worked on that for years. I think we are going to reintroduce the  REPAIR Act, which would really be a nonpartisan financing authority  whereby the government guarantees a certain amount of that money, and  maybe government assistance in putting together a public-private  partnership creates another way that a little bit of Federal money  creates a lot more infrastructure activity.   You could look at these and other issues like asset recycling, where  the government leases or sells some existing public infrastructure and  uses the proceeds of that to fund new projects. In Australia, they used  that system to help pay for an expansion of subway systems and other  things. In fact, the Federal Government would encourage local  governments to privatize one of their local government assets that had  customers. Then they would take that money, maybe, and build sidewalks  that don't have customers, and the water systems that would have  customers would have helped to build the sidewalks as it would be  managed by a private company, but all of those private companies would  be regulated in a way that people who would be customers would know  they were protected.   We have had a lot of bipartisan infrastructure bills over the last  decades and more than decades. Infrastructure bills are not new to  America. Figuring out how you have an infrastructure bill that meets  the definition of ``infrastructure'' and a system where the  infrastructure goes as far as it possibly can to pay for itself by  those people who use it has always involved Republicans and Democrats  reaching an agreement. I don't know that there has ever been a partisan  infrastructure bill. It has always involved reaching agreement on what  would be in the bill and reaching agreement on finding ways to pay for  it.   New definitions can really confuse ideas that the American people  think they understand. People are for infrastructure. They think that  it is something the government should do. They can pass a test on what  they believe ``infrastructure'' means if they have ever watched an  infrastructure debate before. Let's find a way that we can move forward  in a bipartisan way with an infrastructure bill that meets the  standards of infrastructure and meets the standards of doing everything  we can to be sure the system is fairly paid for by the people who use  it and can afford to pay for it.   I yield the floor.   