 Madam President, over the past year and a half, senior  Democratic leaders decided the upheaval and hardship of a once-in-a- century pandemic was actually a chance to justify radical leftwing  change.   This isn't just me conjecturing; it is what they keep saying. Right  at the start of the crisis, March 2020, the House Democratic Whip said  the pandemic offered ``a tremendous opportunity to restructure things  to fit our vision.''   Just last week, President Biden said: ``This pandemic has been God- awful for so many reasons. . . . But''--``but,'' he said--``it does  present us with an opportunity.'' So they get points for honesty, at  least. The reckless taxing-and-spending spree the Democrats are writing  behind closed doors is designed to leave Americans with a socialist  country they never voted for and a country that working families, in  many ways, would barely recognize.   Last night, one of those many efforts hit a stumbling block. Senate  Democrats were reminded the rules of this institution will not permit  them to shove a massive amnesty for illegal immigrants into a reckless  taxing-and-spending spree they want to ram through on a party-line  basis.   Our Democratic colleagues cannot pretend that massive  transformational policy changes are mere budgetary tweaks. As no less  an authority than our colleague now-Chairman Bernie Sanders said just a  few years ago, ``the function of reconciliation is to adjust federal  spending and revenue, not''--not--``to enact major changes in social  policy.'' That is Chairman Sanders a few years ago. That is a lesson he  and his caucus need to relearn.   Even with the border as insecure as it has ever been, the far left  wanted sweeping amnesty, and Democratic leaders dutifully tried their  very best. It just goes to show you how radical this legislation is  going to be.   Democrats want to tamper with Americans' Medicare and stretch the  program even thinner, while it already faces fiscal challenges. They  want to interfere massively with the States that choose not to bow to  Obamacare mandates on Medicaid; they want to use healthcare dollars to  line the pockets of special interests with big union giveaways; and  they want to impose socialist price controls on Americans' medicines  that would leave us with fewer new treatments and new cures in the  future.   It adds up to a massive leap toward socialized medicine. But somehow  this still only scratches the surface.   Democrats are also trying to force through an unprecedented Federal  takeover of American families' childcare options that may leave faith- based childcare providers high and dry. They want an all-out assault on  affordable, reliable, homegrown American energy so the entire country  could be marched toward California utility prices, California gas  prices, and California electricity blackouts--just what families want.   Look, I could go on all day. The reckless taxing-and-spending spree  that Democrats are writing behind closed doors is shaping up to be  exactly what they promised: an effort to exploit this terrible but  temporary pandemic as a Trojan horse for permanent socialism.   Now, on a related matter, Democrats have united, unified control of  the Senate, the House, and the White House. Their strategy for all this  transformational borrowing, spending, and tax hikes was deliberately  designed to include no Republican input and to receive no Republican  votes.   Since Democrats decided to go it alone, they will not get Senate  Republicans' help with raising the debt limit. I have explained this  clearly and consistently for over 2 months. We do not have divided  government. Democrats do not need our help. They have every tool to  address the debt limit on their own--the same party-line process they  used to ram through inflationary spending in March and already plan to  use once again this fall.   Now, look, this might inconvenience Democrats. It might delay their  next reckless taxing-and-spending spree, but Democrats cannot risk the  full faith and credit of our Nation to serve their own partisan  timelines. Democrats decided to govern alone. Their unified Democratic  government must put basic governing duties ahead of partisan wish  lists. If they don't, the consequences for our country would be  catastrophic.   Senate Republicans would support a clean continuing resolution that  includes appropriate disaster relief and targeted Afghan assistance. We  will not support legislation that raises the debt limit.   Remember, when the debt suspension lapsed in August, the debt limit  was automatically ratcheted up to account for all of the borrowing that  had occurred up to that date. This isn't about the past. It is about  the future. And Democrats want to build a partisan future without our  input. So Democrats will not get bipartisan facilitators for their  purely partisan spending binge.   Democrats are fully capable of owning this step themselves. The  Democratic chairman of the House Budget Committee admitted just  yesterday: ``We can do it through reconciliation. [But] [l]eadership  has said they don't want to do that.''   One party controls the entire government. They have the power to  address this alone. And as I have warned since July, that is what they  will need to do.   