 Mr. President, a lot of time when people come to  Washington, they come up with ideas for new policies, and they have a  theory of how those policies are supposed to work. What they don't  always know are the unintended consequences of what that law is going  to produce. As a matter of fact, I have said on occasion that the most  certain thing that will happen when we pass a law is unintended  consequences, and I haven't been proved wrong very many times on that.   The unintended consequences are things that nobody saw coming. They  are things you didn't expect to happen the way they did. Smart people  writing the laws may do all they can to anticipate everything they can,  but there is always something never thought of. So it is helpful to  have information that tells us what the consequences are likely to be.   The topic we are talking about here today is filled with intended  consequences if you look just beyond the comment you are making at the  impact it is going to have.   In this case, the proposed laws are a couple of ideas my Democratic  colleagues have as to how to pay for the spending spree they are on  right now. The tax-and-spend plans include a lot of bad ideas, but two  of the tax ideas are particularly bad and will have particularly  devastating impact.   First is a proposal from Senator Sanders to raise the death tax on  farmers and ranchers, to change the exemption and do things that simply  raise that tax. The second would be to impose the double-death tax by  eliminating what Senator Moran was just talking about, the stepped-up  basis in calculating how much families have to pay.   The research tells us what we can expect to happen if these two bills  pass. Research was done at the Texas A&M University that looked at a  representative group of 94 farms in 30 States. You can look at this  research. You can verify my facts. With 94 farms, 30 States, they found  that under current law, 2 of those 94 farms could expect to be hit by a  big death tax when the farm goes from one generation to the next. But  if the step-up basis tax hike proposed by President Biden and Democrats  in Congress were enacted, the researchers found that 92 of 94 farms  would be hit hard. The average additional tax liability would be  $726,000. So 94 farms; 30 States; 92 farms affected; the average tax,  $726,000. That is not the total taxes; that is just the additional  taxes if these two bills pass.   If these tax hikes favored by the other side were allowed to pass, we  would have 92 farms paying a higher tax bill. That average additional  tax would add up to more than $1.5 million. Many families would be  forced to sell all or part of their farm. And these aren't families who  are inheriting big stock portfolios or families who are inheriting  multimillion-dollar beach houses. They are not families who focus on  every way you can think of to cheat the tax law. They are not  billionaires looking for every way they can use a loophole. These are  farmers and ranchers who have put their lives into the effort to make  their farms work.   I will point out also that these same statistics would apply to many  small businesses. Give this same speech for small businesses with many  of the same considerations.   According to the Missouri Department of Agriculture, our State has  95,000 farms. They cover two-thirds of the State's total land acreage.  The average Missouri farm is 291 acres, and almost all of them are  owned by families. Between the investment there and the efforts that  have been made, those families can be devastated in what they have  worked hard to put together.   So for my friends on the other side of the aisle, I point out that  unintended consequences are one thing, and unintended consequences  often happen, but here we know what the consequences  [[Page S4999]]  are. So if these bills pass, this is intended consequences to make a  big difference for family farms, for ranches, and, frankly, for small  businesses as well.   I hope my colleagues will not go forward with these tax hikes on  family farms. We know what damage it will cause. It is easy to verify.  Don't make the family sell the farm. Don't make the small business sell  the farm to a bigger business. Don't make these mistakes that have  clear and intended consequences if this is what the Senate and the  Congress will do.   I yield the floor.   