 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  California for his leadership. I want to thank Chairman Takano, who has  been responsible for really taking care of the veterans. He helped us  rename our clinic back in Youngstown after Carl Nunziato, who is a  tremendous Vietnam veteran. I also want to thank the gentleman from  Cincinnati, my home State, for being a part of all of this and being a  leader in all of this. I want to thank him for that.   Madam Speaker, I rise tonight in honor of the memory of Ohio Army  Guardsman Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson. I met Heath's daughter,  Brielle, a few months back and heard the story of Heath from his  mother-in-law, Susan.   These stories, as you have heard tonight, are heartbreaking. Because  when you look at Brielle and his wife, Danielle, this is more than just  we have got to get something fixed to take care of a veteran who served  their country. This is the modern version of Agent Orange.   But this is bringing so much heartbreak to so many families and to so  many communities in States like Ohio where we have so many veterans who  served their country.   On March 21, 2017, Heath and his wife, Danielle, were sitting in an  exam room at Zangmeister Cancer Center in Columbus, Ohio, when Heath  was given a terminal diagnosis. He had only 6 weeks to live.   At only 35 years old, Heath was suffering from gushing nosebleeds and  bleeding from his ears. Dozens of doctors were unable to provide  answers, but they all did have one question: What in the hell have you  been exposed to?   It turns out that Heath, a combat medic, had spent every day for 3  months within 15 yards of a massive burn pit at Camp Liberty complex in  Iraq.   Heath was afflicted with a rare autoimmune disease that mostly  strikes elderly women and an extremely rare form of lung cancer that,  according to 20 oncologists, could have only been caused by a prolonged  exposure and inhalation of toxic substances.   Madam Speaker, how can we pretend that both the VA and we, as a  Nation, do not owe the veterans like Heath and their families both the  care and the benefits that they have earned, often with their very  lives? This is not who we are as a country.   We have got to fix this in Congress. The time is now. Not next year,  not 5 years from now, but now, right now.   Servicemembers like Heath, and countless others, thousands, maybe  tens of thousands, spent the last 20 years fighting our Nation's  longest war. We cannot turn our backs on them.   I have introduced legislation to help collect the data so that the VA  has it and that every 3 months they report to this Congress as to what  the data is and what the claims are so we can hold them accountable.   Most importantly, I want to thank Danielle, I want to thank Susan.  And I want to let Brielle and Danielle and Susan know, and their  family, that there are so many prayers coming to them from this  Congress.   But we are going to get it done, and we are going to get it done  soon. It is going to be a bipartisan effort with guys like the  gentleman from Cincinnati and the gentleman from California and myself.  Let's get this thing done.   