 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, few things are harder in this job than  when you have to say goodbye to a member of your team. With all of the  time we spend together, it is impossible not to grow close to the men  and women who make up that team. The team members become our  colleagues, our friends, our families.   I am here on the floor today to recognize and bid farewell to a  valued and integral member of my Senate family who, after more than 5  years, is leaving to start the next chapter of her career. She is my  State communications director, Sara Hottman.   During her time on Team Merkley, Sara has not only helped communicate  my message to the people back home in Oregon about the work I am doing  on their behalf here in DC, but she has used her well-connected ear to  the ground to help keep me in the loop on issues evolving back home.   I have come to depend on her to keep me on the right track. She never  shies away from delivering hard truths when they are needed. She has  used her vast experience in all different facets of the communications  world--as a reporter, as the communications director for a  municipality, as head of strategic communications for the Oregon Zoo-- to help deliver our message to the people of the State. It doesn't hurt  that in her spare time, Sara is a prolific kickboxer. So when she tells  me something, I listen. She has been a real leader in our team,  including participation in our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Steering  Committee.   She has done an amazing job time and time again putting together  State events. We have traveled all across our sizable State for events  that included press conferences to announce policies; press conferences  to hear from stakeholders in our State--for example, roundtables with  nurses and medical professionals who are on the frontlines fighting the  pandemic. Our events included townhalls--a gathering with community  leaders in every county every year, followed by a public townhall with  people who will ask any question they want. Our events included tours  of State disasters. She expertly organized every event, ensuring media  exposure and successfully striving to bring together a wide variety of  expert and local voices to ensure that I was always learning more  insights and perspectives on the issues that face us.   At the end of the day, as we prepared to overnight somewhere around  the State in preparation for another long day, she always knew the  perfect local watering hole for the team to post up at to reminisce on  how things had gone and to recover in preparation for the day that  followed.   When something went off the rails unexpectedly, she found a way to  turn  [[Page S9010]]  it into an opportunity. When I was surveying damage to a town  incinerated by the 2020 Labor Day fires, I became so immersed in  examining the fire damage that the rest of the delegation went on to  the next event, and suddenly I realized we were left behind. She didn't  miss a beat. She used that time to gather more local community members  who had been so impacted by the devastation of losing their homes. She  managed to find a reporter who had also been left behind and arranged  an impromptu one-on-one exclusive. So I utilized that opportunity to  learn more and to communicate more when it could have just been a  misstep. Well, that is what she does--turns missteps into  opportunities.   Cool and calm under pressure, she has a way of making everyone feel  important and seen. She connects with folks everywhere she goes.   I was thinking back to one townhall we did in early 2020 before the  pandemic hit and shut things down. It was a small gathering in a  classroom of a local school, but in that group was a young girl who was  simply entranced by Sara. Throughout the townhall, she was following  her around, imitating when Sara would take photos and asking questions  of Sara even though the townhall was underway. Sara, being the person  she is, kept answering those questions, kept letting the girl shadow  her, still managing to get all of her work done while also inspiring  this admirer. That is kind of just the charming ability to connect with  folks and to stay calm in unexpected situations that have made  traveling around the State long, busy travel days a real joy for the  entire team.   When the pandemic turned our world upside down in March of last year,  she used her leadership and organizing skills to help me and the entire  team transition to the new virtual world we were suddenly thrown into.  She turned our townhalls and our weekly sessions of local Oregon  reporters and television stations into virtual events so I could  continue to provide information and connect with constituents during  this extraordinary national crisis. She led the charge in updating our  website to provide a one-stop shop of resources for residents and local  businesses for information on how to get the help they needed.   To say that Sara will leave a large hole in our team when she heads  off to her new responsibilities would be an understatement. Every  member of our office, whether in Washington, DC, or back home in  Oregon, is going to miss her bright smile, her sharp wit, her  infectious energy, and her brilliant mind--not to mention that we will  also miss her border collie, Liz, who has been a therapy dog for all of  us.   Sara, if you are watching, and I hope you are, know that we all, the  extended Team Merkley family, wish you well in the next phase of your  career. Thank you for all you have done these past 5-plus years, and  thank you for all you will continue to do to help build a better world  for the people of Oregon and the people of our Nation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   