 Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor today to  talk, once again, about the so-called Build Back Better legislation  that the Democrats are trying to force through this system on a purely  partisan basis under what is called reconciliation.   I strongly believe that this massive tax-and-spend bill is the wrong  way to go. I think it is irresponsible, particularly at a time of high  inflation, uncertain economic growth--driven a lot by the uncertainties  around the new COVID concerns--and record levels of debt.   This is the ninth consecutive week that the Senate has been in  session that I have come to the Senate floor to talk about specific  reasons I believe the Build Back Better legislation is a bad deal for  America.  [[Page S8887]]    As we have talked about before, this massive new spending bill  represents the largest amount of spending of any legislation ever  passed by the U.S. Congress. Now, the official score is something like  $1.7 trillion. You could argue that the one that passed in March, the  $1.9 trillion, was the largest one, and that this is the second largest  one.   In fact, when you look at what is in it, a lot of the spending is, in  effect, camouflaged, as has been said by the folks at Penn Wharton, who  analyzed this. When you take into account the programs that are  relatively popular and unlikely ever to be ended--like the child tax  credit--or that are likely to continue, they are sunsetted in this  legislation.   If they weren't sunsetted, the cost of the bill would go from about  $1.75 trillion to about $4.5 trillion. One analysis from the Committee  for a Responsible Federal Budget has it a little higher than that, but  let's say it is $4.5 trillion. That would be, by far, the largest piece  of legislation that would have ever passed the U.S. Congress.   Much of that spending is what is called stimulus spending--adding to  the demand side of the economy, adding to inflation. Remember,  inflation is demand chasing supply. If there is not enough supply and  there is more demand, you have inflation. That is what many of us  predicted would happen with the $1.9 trillion legislation.  Unfortunately, that is exactly what happened.   So, once again, at a time of devastating high inflation already,  record debt, and so much uncertainty on COVID and the possible need for  more Federal resources there with regard to COVID, massive new  spending--it seems to me right now--is the wrong thing to do.   On the revenue side, the massive tax increases are also  irresponsible, in my view, and not well thought out.   Today, I would like to focus on one new tax increase proposal in  particular, and this is the Democrats' plan to propose a new 15-percent  minimum tax on the domestic side. They call it the minimum book tax. It  is not a tax on books; it is a tax on companies and on workers and on  pensions, which we will talk about, based on the financial statement.  It is not based on income as we traditionally think about it or as the  Tax Code traditionally defines it, but it relies on so-called book  value, and it has several negative consequences that I want to talk  about today.   The new book tax, if it were to be put into effect, would drive  inflation even higher. It would discourage investment in key sectors of  the economy, and it would jeopardize the state of businesses that  provide pension funds for their employees.   The book tax proposal is, essentially, a new corporate alternative  tax. But, again, it taxes the adjusted financial statement income of a  large corporation, not its IRS tax analysis; and that is the income  that might be reported to, let's say, the SEC through a Form 10-K.   This makes it very different than the existing corporate income tax,  which is determined based on the income that these companies report to  the IRS. Because these two taxes are calculated using very different  base amounts, the 15-percent book tax can end up being a lot larger for  companies than the 21-percent income tax.   The line that you will likely hear from some of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle is that this tax is designed to make big  companies pay their fair share of taxes because it only applies to  companies with a 3-year average adjusted book income of more than $1  billion, but studies from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office,  the Tax Foundation, and more show that it is actually the workers who  bear the brunt of these types of taxes in the form of lower wages,  lower benefits, lost jobs, and higher prices. I am also hearing about a  number of specific unintended, perhaps, consequences, and I am certain  there will be others as well.   Let's start with its effect on workers' retirements. Under this  proposal, a qualifying company ends up paying a new tax on certain  investment gains, potentially due to just a change in interest rates,  in their employees' pension funds. So this is a new tax. Right now, if  the pension fund has an income gain, that would not be taxed, but under  this proposal, it would be--under the book tax proposal. So it is  basically a tax on the pensions.   First, these gains shouldn't result in a tax to the company at all.  Companies do not have access to these pension investments. They sit in  a segregated account. Companies can't touch them nor should they be  able to touch them. Obviously, they make money for the retirement  accounts of the employees. That is the whole idea. For good reason,  pension funds should be invested, and they should grow over time  because it benefits the workers to strengthen their retirement  security.   Second, companies could be forced to pay more in taxes on the pension  gains than the company makes in actual profits.   Let's take an established company, and I can tell you some of them  have contacted us with specific examples of this, but they tend to be  companies that are pretty well established because they have pretty big  pension plans.   If you have an established company with a large pension plan, let's  say that company makes a profit of 100 million bucks in a year. They  could see their long-running pension fund gain a lot more than that-- say, $2 billion--over that same period.   So, under this tax plan, that company would have to pay a 15-percent  tax on that $2 billion in pension income, or about $300 million on top  of any normal income taxes. That business then has to make a tough  choice because, remember, the business has only made $100 billion in  profit, and you have a tax bill of $300 million because of your pension  income.   Are you going to go bankrupt? Are you going to take out loans to pay  these taxes?   This is money that would otherwise be invested in people, in plants,  equipment, in our economy. Instead, it is going toward paying a  potentially large tax that is entirely counterproductive.   Third, of course, is that it discourages companies from investing in  their workers' retirements. Having more invested in pension plans is  good for workers. I think we should encourage employers to do the right  thing, and that is to have a defined benefit plan. There are fewer of  them these days. Of those that are left, we don't want to drive  employers out of those, in my view.   By the way, that is the view of almost all of my colleagues, I think,  on the other side of the aisle and certainly a lot of union members who  have these pensions. Let's not forget that this tax could threaten the  retirement of tens of thousands of union and nonunion workers alike.   But this tax proposal doesn't just jeopardize pensions; it could have  a significant negative impact on how industries, particularly  manufacturers, invest in growing their operations. According to data  from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, the manufacturing  sector leads all other sectors in the economy when it comes to the use  of what is called bonus depreciation. That is where you get to have an  immediate writeoff if you expand, again, plant or equipment.   That is something that was part of the 2017 tax legislation. It has  been very helpful to help grow the economy, very important to  retailers, very important to hospitality, and very important, of  course, to manufacturers, who lead the way in terms of taking this  deduction. It allows them to quickly and affordably invest in  equipment, in new machinery, leading to higher productivity, leading to  more jobs--what economists think is the most important thing we can do  right now in our economy, which is to grow the supply side of our  economy.   Under this new book tax the Democrats are proposing, that deduction  would not be able to be paid, as it is now, immediately as bonus  depreciation but, rather, it would have to be paid over a longer period  of time, making these critical investments a lot less likely and  leading to fewer new hires and lower productivity.   By the way, less investment in capital assets, of course, puts more  pressure on inflation because it increases on the demand side of the  economy if you don't do it. If you do it, it would increase on the  supply side. So you want to encourage investments in capital assets.  That is good because it helps in terms of the supply side.  [[Page S8888]]    So this bill has stimulus spending, as we talked about, on the  spending side, and more demand and lower investment is exactly the  opposite of what we ought to be doing in terms of countering inflation.   Taking a broader view, both of these immediate negative impacts on  the economy and workers--the taxes on pension funds and less financial  incentive for investment--are going to lead to higher prices for  consumers, which also increases inflation.   It is even worse. From what I am hearing, some of the biggest  sponsors of pension plans are logistics and delivery companies. I hope  my colleagues are talking to these same companies that are reaching out  to talk to us. To pay for these additional costs, particularly the  pension costs, they have told us they are likely going to have to  increase costs, reduce customer services, and suspend investment in new  technology. These are logistics companies. At a time when many  Americans are already experiencing inflation and supply chain  bottlenecks, this is exactly the wrong prescription.   The book tax proposal is just one of a lot of policies in this  reconciliation bill that I think would be bad for the economy and bad  for workers. Maybe these specific problems we talked about today were  just overlooked in the rush to produce a bill without going through any  of the normal committee processes, including the Finance Committee,  which hasn't looked at this--those issues would have emerged, I am  sure, had the Ways and Means Committee and the Finance Committee had  the opportunity to review it and to analyze it--or maybe the plan is to  just overwhelm the American people with so many dramatic changes to our  Tax Code that they won't notice how irresponsible any single one might  be. Whatever the case, it is clear that this book tax has not been  properly vetted.   It is time for Congress to slow down this process so that we can  properly understand the consequences of these policies on the American  people. These massive tax-and-spend proposals are bad for the economy,  certainly bad for inflation, bad for business, and most importantly,  bad for workers and their jobs.   I yield the floor.   