 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, once again, I am here today to talk  about the crisis at our southern border and the continued dismantling  of our Nation's immigration system by this administration.   The border has been dominating the headlines, but if you talked to  the liberals, you wouldn't know it. While we were back home working in  our States, Democrats focused on everything but the border. President  Biden released a so-called infrastructure proposal that is not actually  about infrastructure; it is nothing more than the Green New Deal in  disguise, and it raises taxes on hard-working Americans.   Additionally, large corporations and Major League Baseball decided to  give in to the demands of the woke, liberal mob based on nothing more  than pure disinformation.   I know President Biden and Democrats would rather talk about those  issues than confront the dire situation at the southern border. They  are trying to pull a con job on the American people. Well, we are not  going to let President Biden distract from a crisis of his own making.   In a recent House hearing, Department of Homeland Security Secretary  Mayorkas made a ridiculous claim that ``the border is secure.'' To say  the border is secure is laughable. I recently joined Senators Cornyn  and Cruz and other colleagues on a visit to the southern border to see  for ourselves, and I can tell you and the American people without  hesitation, the border is not secure. Reports just don't do it justice.  It is a disaster. As an American who believes in the rule of law, I was  embarrassed. This is not a Democratic or a Republican problem; it is an  American problem. This crisis is a stain on our Nation.   What we saw on our trip broke my heart--so many young, unaccompanied  children sent on a dangerous journey north by their parents because  this administration promised to take them in. The compassion shown by  the Border Patrol agents was clear. These brave men and women are doing  all they can to make the best out of a terrible situation--a situation  created by our President and his administration.   I have said it before, and I will say it again: The situation  happening at our southern border was predictable and preventable. The  Border Patrol folks know this will happen and that it would happen.  They told us how they asked the Border Patrol before the inauguration  to give them time to prepare for any changes to the immigration policy,  but President Biden didn't listen. He was more interested in appeasing  the globalists who demanded he immediately end President Trump's  successful border policies.   On his first day in office, President Biden reversed President  Trump's policies and signaled to the world that the American border was  open. President Biden gave Border Patrol little to no warning. The  result has been a border that is not run by the United States; it is  run by the Mexican cartel and human smugglers.   What is worse, it is not just people who are coming in illegally.  While I was down at the border, I saw firsthand how criminals take  advantage of the situation. Cartels send migrants to specific locations  along the border to preoccupy law enforcement while moving illegal  drugs at other crossing points. On a midnight visit to the Rio Grande,  these traffickers actually taunted us from across the river, yelling  and flashing their lights. They know the Biden administration is  unwilling to confront them, and because the administration won't  confront them, we have seen massive increases in drug seizures.   In January and February alone, Customs and Border Patrol seizures of  fentanyl were up 277 percent compared to the same time in 2020. Cocaine  seized at the border is up 62 percent. And, remember, whether it is  people or drugs, these numbers only account for those we catch. There  are many more drug runners who get through undetected.   Secretary Mayorkas has said the administration's goal is a safe,  legal, and orderly immigration system. Well, so far, he and they have  failed on all three. The immigration system under the Biden  administration is not safe. By encouraging the migrants to come to the  border, President Biden has empowered the drug cartels and coyotes who  prey on desperate people.   According to Mexican intelligence assessments, it costs an  unaccompanied Central American minor between $3,000 and $10,000 to be  secured across the U.S. border. An open border also invites wolves in  sheep's clothing. According to Customs and Border Protection, at least  four people have been arrested in the last few months at the border who  match names on the FBI's Terrorist Screening Database. There is no  doubt that those who wish harm will take advantage of this crisis to  infiltrate our country.   The Biden administration also is not enforcing the laws written by  Congress. That is why I joined with 39 of my Republican colleagues to  send a letter to the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office to  investigate President Biden's unilateral decision to freeze funds for  the border wall.   Congress specifically appropriated funds for border wall  construction. I believe the President's actions infringe on Congress's  constitutional power of the purse. I hope the GAO will quickly look  into this so we can begin to restore border security.   Finally, the immigration system under the Biden administration is not  orderly. In fact, it is chaotic. Our Border Patrol agents are  overwhelmed. In March of this year, Border Patrol arrested more than  170,000 migrants crossing the border illegally. That is the worst month  in 15 years. To put that in perspective for the folks back home, that  means there are more illegal migrants rushing our border in 1 month  than the entire population of Lee County, AL, where I live.   Last month, more than 18,700 unaccompanied minors were taken into  custody by the Border Patrol. That is double the number they  encountered in February.   This chaos is due entirely to President Biden's careless words and  foolish policies. The Biden administration is content to let all who  come here illegally stay. That is a recipe for disaster. The result is  a border catastrophe.   I have spoken previously about commonsense actions to secure the  border, such as continuing to build the wall and reinstating Migrant  Protection Protocols. Here is one more. I recently introduced a bill  that would require DHS to issue a notice to appear--called an NTA--to  every migrant who is processed at the border.   We cannot--we cannot continue to release illegal immigrants into our  country without establishing some accountability, such as a date for  immigration court. At best, it hurts those who come to this country  actually looking to plead their asylum case. At worst, it is giving  free rein to those who enter our country illegally.   The Biden administration says they want humane and compassionate  improvements to our immigration system. Releasing someone without an  NTA is neither.   My bill also requires the Department of Homeland Security to revoke  any  [[Page S1863]]  status and work authorization from a migrant who doesn't show up for  their court date. This mandate will curb the pull factors embedded in  our immigration system and cut down on incentives for illegal  immigration. It is a small but meaningful step. It is about restoring  integrity in our immigration system.   President Biden has made weak attempts to turn back the tide of  migrants, even telling them: ``Don't come.'' President Biden's actions  speak louder than those two feeble words. Well, Mr. President, as we  say in Alabama, you are a day late and a dollar short.   My Republican colleagues and I will continue to demand action from  the President on this crisis on behalf of the legal citizens of the  United States of America. I stand ready to work with the President and  his administration on commonsense solutions to secure the border,  strengthen national security, and protect the American people.   I yield the floor.   