 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, President Biden went to the  United Nations and he announced his capitulation to the Chinese  Communist Party. The message was clear from what he did--and did not-- say.   In Joe Biden's 30-minute-long monologue on the state of the world, he  never once even said the name of the world's greatest threat to peace,  stability, and democracy: China. He never said it once. He refused to  even say the word ``China.'' Nor did he mention Tibet, Hong Kong,  Taiwan, or practically any of the victims of Chinese communist  aggression.   Now, President Biden did mention the ``targeting and oppression'' of  minorities in Xinjiang Province in China's northwest, yet he left  mysteriously vague who was responsible for all that targeting and  oppression. He blithely lumped Xinjiang with other abuses around the  world as if it was just one area of deep concern among many.   But the concentration camps in Xinjiang are not just another problem.  They are proof of the most systematic genocide and ethnic cleansing  campaign occurring in the world today, perpetrated by one of the most  advanced and powerful regimes on Earth, personally approved by the  Chinese Communist leader Xi Jinping. Leaked documents make it clear  that Chairman Xi is responsible for this campaign of genocide and  ethnic cleansing.   Let me explain how brutal it is. The Chinese Communist Party are  sterilizing women in Xinjiang Province so they cannot procreate and  create more of their ethnic minority. If they can't do that, then they  are being brutally raped by Han Chinese men. That is what is happening  in Xinjiang Province, in addition to the internment of millions of  religious and ethnic minorities. It is not just your run-of-the-mill  targeting and oppression.   President Biden also referred to China implicitly--because he didn't  say the word--on another occasion in his speech when he said that the  United States is ``not seeking a new Cold War.''   Of course, we are not seeking a war of any kind, cold or hot. That is  the last thing that the United States would ever want. But, still, that  is an astonishing assertion, because whether we seek it or not, China  has been waging a Cold War on America and our workers and our factories  and our militaries and our way of life for decades. The only question  is whether we will win or lose. Under President Biden, we are losing.   A strong leader--a competent leader--would seek to win this Cold War  thrust upon the United States in the manner of those who went before us  facing enemies like Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, and Soviet Russia.  Instead, in the manner of appeasers the world over, President Biden  hopes to make peace with China by indulging its aggression and refusing  to even say his name.   Now, if you think this is restoring some norm of longstanding  providence, that you don't go to the United Nations General Assembly  and speak the name of your adversaries who are committing acts of naked  aggression and crimes against humanity, I would point out that Barack  Obama repeatedly--repeatedly--called out Russia by name in 2014 for its  invasion of Ukraine, and let's just say that President Obama was not  exactly a Cold warrior.   Now as a result, Chairman Xi is issuing imperious orders, and the  Biden administration is rushing to fill them like a short-order cook at  a diner on Saturday morning. Early in his administration, President  Biden lifted restrictions on Confucius Institutes, which are little  more than spy outposts on our universities. He gutted Trump-era rules  protecting our electrical grid from Chinese influence, and he shut down  a State Department investigation into the origins of the Wuhan  coronavirus.   Then, in July, China's Foreign Minister handed two lists of new  demands to Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman, stating that the  United States must stop so-called wrongdoings in order to get back in  Beijing's good graces.   Similarly, when the so-called climate czar, John Kerry, asked for  China's help, the Communist Party responded that it would consider  polluting a little less if the United States would shut up about  China's campaign of genocide and other human rights abuses.   Now any self-respecting administration that believes in American  strength, pride, and honor would have told Chairman Xi that he is in no  position to be making such demands. Instead, this administration is  going down the page, ticking off boxes like an obedient underling.   When a reporter asked John Kerry if the administration would press  China on its horrific human rights abuses, Kerry responded that, ``life  is always full of tough choices.''   Pathetic.   Around the same time, Biden's Commerce Secretary called for ``robust  commercial engagement'' and to ``mitigate any potential tensions''  between United States and China. She even promised to bring delegations  of U.S. business leaders to China to pad the Communist bottom line even  further.    She calls to mind what is attributed to Lenin: that capitalists will  sell Communists the rope they will use to hang us all.   Pathetic.   Over the weekend, in his most recent act of pathetic weakness, the  Biden Department of Justice surrendered Huawei's criminal CFO and  princess, Meng Wanzhou, without punishing her for evading U.S.  sanctions. She received a hero's welcome when her plane  [[Page S6734]]  touched down in China. And moments after her release, China released  two innocent Canadians it had taken hostage to secure Meng's release.  So Beijing's hostage-taking worked exactly as planned. Pathetic.   All of this self-inflicted humiliation was avoidable. The fact is  that China is in no position to deliver ultimatums to us. It is America  that ought to be making demands to China.   Here's a few things that would actually pave a path to true  reconciliation:   First and foremost, we ought to demand that China finally admit what  almost everyone knows is certainly true: that the coronavirus pandemic  started in a lab in Wuhan. Xi Jinping should then give a groveling  televised apology to the world, agree to end all gain-of-function  research using deadly pathogens, and pay damages to his victims around  the world who have died or suffered because of his regime's  incompetence and malevolence.   Second, we ought to demand that China rebid the 2022 Winter Olympics  until the Chinese regime ends its ethnic cleansing, slave labor, mass  murder, mass sterilization, and systematic rape of ethnic and religious  minorities. It is too morally tainted to host such a prestigious event.   Third, we ought to demand that China end its spree of intellectual  property theft. Today, China is responsible for up to 80 percent--80  percent--of intellectual property theft committed against the United  States, and is the subject of nearly half of all FBI  counterintelligence cases for economic espionage. This theft has to  stop.   Fourth, we should demand that China renounce its imperial ambitions.  It must agree to stop the Belt and Road Initiative, disclaim its  ambition of conquering Taiwan, abide by its treaty obligations  regarding Hong Kong, and end its sinister and provocative military  buildup.   If these conditions are met, China will be on the path of making  amends for its many crimes. It is up to America to hold China  accountable for these crimes. After all, we are the global leader, not  China. We don't require China's forgiveness or favor. Our conscience is  clean.   Our Nation is great. We are the Nation that threw off the shackles of  an empire, settled a continent, saved the world, and then saved it  again and again. The United States has been the greatest enemy of  tyranny the world over. We do not cower before tyrants. We look them in  the eye and call them by their true name and tell them what they really  are: evil.   President Biden ought to remember that the next time he speaks to the  world on behalf of the American people.   I yield the floor.   