 Madam President, today, I want to talk about two very  important topics to America and to the folks back home in Alabama:  President Biden's so-called infrastructure proposal and his proposed  budget for the Department of Defense.   Now, I know infrastructure and defense aren't exactly the peanut  butter and jelly of issues, but let me tell you how they go together.  With these two proposals, the American people can plainly see just how  out of place President Biden's priorities are.   I have traveled every corner of Alabama, from Mobile to Muscle  Shoals, to our State's rural communities and urban centers. All the  time, I hear that we need improvements to our transportation and  infrastructure, and I have seen it with my own eyes. There are over  100,000 miles of public roads and 16,000 bridges in Alabama. More than  1,000 of those bridges have been condemned. Driving on poor roads costs  Alabama drivers a total of $4.2 billion annually due to vehicle  operating costs, traffic congestion, and car crashes.   Yet it is not just Alabama. It is everywhere in our country. I have  spent decades traveling around the country as a football coach, and I  am here to tell you we need help. We need help with our infrastructure.  Investment in infrastructure is important and very, very necessary.  Sound infrastructure allows people to get work, keeps our goods  flowing, and keeps America competitive. That is why every penny of  every dollar of any infrastructure proposal should be spent on actual  infrastructure.   Sadly, President Biden's proposal fails that test by a long shot. Out  of this massive $2.25 trillion proposal, only 6 percent is for roads  and bridges. In fact, the proposal puts more money toward electric cars  than roads, bridges, ports, and waterways combined. We have to stop  treating government spending like it is monopoly money. When the  American people hear about what is included in this bill, I think they  will agree.   The Biden administration is using the umbrella term of  ``infrastructure'' for a host of things folks back home don't associate  with the word. Here are a couple of spending items that qualify as  ``infrastructure,'' according to President Biden: $400 billion for  nursing care and $213 billion for government housing. I can see and  understand where those fit in but not in an infrastructure bill. What  gets me is the $10 billion per year for a Civilian Climate Corps. This  $10 billion includes free housing, free clothing, free food, and an  allowance for members while they promote ``climate justice''--$10  billion a year. Now, is that infrastructure?   We can debate the individual merits of these items, but, please,  let's not pretend these are for infrastructure, because we need true  infrastructure. To call this an infrastructure proposal is really an  insult to the English language. The definition of ``infrastructure'' is  not the ``kitchen sink'' approach. Let's call this proposal what it  is--a farce. This proposal is simply the Green New Deal in disguise.  They need to disguise it because actual infrastructure improvement is  popular, and the Green New Deal is not.   In order to pay for all of this spending, President Biden has  proposed raising the corporate tax by 7 percent--the largest Federal  tax increase since 1993. This would undo President Trump's Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act, which spurred the greatest economy we have had in decades. I  can tell you right now the worst possible time to raise taxes is in the  middle of a crisis. So many employers have already been hit hard and  are just trying to get back on their feet. Remember who really ends up  paying for tax increases, especially corporate tax rates. It is the  consumer, like you and me. It is not the corporations.   As Americans for Tax Reform has pointed out, the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act directly led to lower utility bills for hard-working folks across  the country. Raising taxes would directly raise electric bills on  millions of Americans, essentially taxing them, too. Tax increases  threaten family-owned small businesses and family farms, forcing future  generations to sell the legacies their parents and their grandparents  worked so hard to build.   Here is the real kicker. As the Democrats are out there peddling this  proposal as ``infrastructure'' and ``jobs,'' President Biden's tax  increase will eliminate 1 million jobs in the first 2 years alone,  according to the National Association of Manufacturers--all of that  harm just to pay for the Democrats' wish list consisting of the Green  New Deal. That absolutely makes no sense. We need to be focused on  creating jobs and getting folks back to work, not destroying jobs for  progressive pipe dreams down the road.   This comes on the heels of a massive stimulus that just passed--the  one the Democrats called COVID relief, but, really, less than 10  percent of the bill went to COVID and health-related measures.   With all the trillions of new spending proposed by the Biden  administration so far, you would think that there wasn't any spending  proposal that they didn't like.   Yet when it comes to our national defense, President Biden has shown  he cares very little about increasing investment to keep our country  safe. President Biden recently released his ``skinny budget,'' which  includes a cut of $7 billion for the Department of Defense after  accounting for inflation.   President Biden's proposal and proposed defense budget is  disappointing, dangerous, and a disservice to the men and women in  uniform. What is more bewildering is that it asks for our troops to do  more on a shoestring budget. It adds more duties, like combating  climate change and other social priorities of the Democrats to our  already thinly stretched forces, and that is very, very dangerous.   Regardless of whether these individual duties may be warranted--and,  for the record, I don't think they are--we shouldn't expect our  military to do more with less. At a time when our enemies grow bolder  and the threats to America are increasing, ``do more with less'' is the  last thing we should tell them to do.   These threats to our Nation are real, and they are getting worse.  Russia is likely preparing to invade Ukraine and finish what Putin  started in Crimea. North Korea continues to test ballistic missiles.  Iran is emboldened to continue its nuclear weapons program.   And then there is China. In recent weeks, China has bullied Taiwan.  They think now is the time to test the United States of America. China  is  [[Page S2007]]  building up their military to directly challenge the United States for  global supremacy.   Over the last 10 years, China's defense spending increased by $200  billion, while the United States of America decreased its defense  budget $400 billion.   We cannot let China continue to gain ground. In order to keep our  country safe and protect democratic allies from Chinese aggression, we  must stay well ahead of both weapons and technological advances.   President Biden's defense budget is not just dangerous for America.  It is bad for us all. Across our State, Alabama has more than 200,000  jobs supporting national defense. The economic impact of the defense  sector represents more than 8 percent of our State's GDP.   By underinvesting in defense, the critical work done by the service  men and women at Alabama military installations--including Redstone  Arsenal, Fort Rucker, Maxwell-Gunter, and others--could be seriously  hindered. It will set back our entire State's economy.   I was just at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, where I heard firsthand  from Army Material Command how badly we need to invest in modernizing  our weapons systems across the world.   The best way to avoid a conflict is to have a bigger and better gun  than the other guy. Most of President Biden's appointees at the  Department of Defense support the 2018 National Defense Strategy, which  is a comprehensive plan to compete, deter, and defeat our adversaries.   This defense budget threatens our military modernization efforts and  America's ability to provide combat-ready forces. We cannot allow  anything close to President Biden's defense budget to become law. Our  military needs to focus on winning wars, not planting trees.   The people of Alabama and the men and women in uniform should know  that I will stand up to President Biden and the globalists in his  administration who want a weak military.   President Biden has gone on and on about unity and his reputation for  reaching across the aisle, but ever since he came into office, his  actions have been focused on appeasing the far-left, progressive voices  in his party. We saw it firsthand with the stimulus bill. Shortly after  that, we get this loaded-up, inappropriately named ``infrastructure''  proposal.   It is not just about the spending, which is a lot, but it is about  what is in these proposals--progressive wish-list items that are paid  for by the American taxpayer, not the government, the American  taxpayer--and are passed on party lines, not bipartisan. And that is  where President Biden's priorities clearly lie. He is signaling that he  is more willing to invest in progressive policy items than the safety  of our Nation and the world.   My colleagues and I are interested in working with President Biden on  a bipartisan bill that addresses actual infrastructure, and we are  ready to work on a defense budget that actually invests in our military  and prepares us against the growing threats. We just need a President  willing to unite rather than divide our great country.   I yield the floor.   