 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4502.   I would first like to thank Chairwoman DeLauro and Ranking Member  Granger. While we have, obviously, disagreements at this stage of the  game, that cannot stop us from working on behalf of the American  people.   I also particularly want to thank Chairman Price for his friendship,  for his openness and transparency, and for his integrity. He is  committed to transparency, which is something that we should all expect  from the agencies that we fund.   This bill includes funding and language requests from Members on both  sides of the aisle. That was not a small task, but it keeps the best  ideas coming forward to improve the way that, again, our government  functions, and that is important.   I am pleased that the bill continues investments in our Nation's  highways, rails, transit, and airport infrastructure, as well as we  continue to make progress improving port infrastructure, which,  obviously, is key for our supply chains.   The chairman once again also has made DOT safety programs a priority.  Our roads, railways, and skies are safer due to our shared priority on  safety.   Chairman Price's commitment to addressing homelessness and housing  for the elderly and the disabled is evident in this bill. We share the  goal of promoting affordable housing and providing a safety net to our  most valuable citizens.   Now, again, while I support and applaud many of the decisions made in  this bill, a $9 billion top-line increase, a 13 percent increase over  last year, is just something that I cannot support.   Let me give you an example. I am concerned about the dramatic  expansion of HUD assistance programs in  [[Page H4052]]  this bill--well-meaning, but, in part, the problem is that those  increases would need to be sustained in future years. This would crowd  out our ability to make targeted, responsible transportation and  housing investments in future years.    Our national debt exceeds $28 trillion, and it is only going to  continue to grow under the majority's approach to spending, not to  mention the fact that it seems that this approach is creating a huge,  huge increase in inflation. It is an inflation factory that we see.   It is also clear that Members on my side of the aisle have made it  clear that we cannot support bills that give excess increases to  nondefense agencies, especially while reducing or shortchanging our  national defense.   We all know that, to move forward, we need a bipartisan agreement on  spending, and the time for that agreement is now so that we can make  responsible investments that create jobs and expand opportunity without  the dramatic increases that we are seeing in this Nation caused by the  spending of the majority.   Again, at this stage, I cannot support the bill.   