 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time.   Mr. Speaker, the American Rescue Plan enjoys overwhelming public  support because it addresses critical needs exasperated by COVID-19. It  is supported by 75 percent of the American people, 71 percent of  independents, and 60 percent of Republicans.   This legislation is transformative. It specifically provides $1.6  billion for HBCUs and additional funds through the United States  Department of Agriculture, which is now authorized to increase its  support of our 1890 land grant institutions.   The Washington Post reports: A little-known element of this ``package  would pay billions of dollars to disadvantaged farmers, benefiting  Black farmers in a way that some experts say no legislation has since  the Civil Rights Act of 1964.''   The New York Times says: ``Researchers predict it could become one  [[Page H1261]]  of the most effective laws to fight poverty in a generation,'' and  would ``cut the child poverty rate in half.''   The Associated Press declares: ``Several million people stand to save  hundreds of dollars in health insurance costs'' in ``the biggest  expansion of Federal help for health insurance'' since the Affordable  Care Act.   I call upon my Republican colleagues to stop their March madness and  show some compassion for their constituents who are less than wealthy.    Mr. Speaker, I listened to my colleague on the other  side. I still think about the night of June 17, 2015, when at about  9:00 in the evening, I received a phone call informing me that  something had happened at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston,  South Carolina, a church that I know very well and the members I know  very well.   Much to my dismay, I learned later in the evening that a Bible study  that was taking place at that church had welcomed in a stranger.   I grew up in a parsonage, and I grew up learning that which we find  there in the book of Hebrew, the 11th chapter: Faith is the substance  of things hoped for, the evidence of things unseen.   These people were practicing their faith, a faith that taught them to  welcome in a stranger. A stranger came to their door, and they welcomed  him into their Bible study. They sat down, and he sat with them for an  hour. In the further practice of their faith, as they concluded their  Bible study, they rose to pray, and with bowed heads, only to open  their eyes to the sound of gunfire. The stranger that they had welcomed  in opened fire and killed nine of them, one of whom was the pastor, a  former intern of mine.   Now, we later found out that the gentleman who perpetrated this crime  was a white supremacist that studied the history of that church; and  because it was the most historic African-American church in South  Carolina, he targeted that church and its worshippers. However, he  should not have had the gun.   The reason he had the gun is because when he went to purchase it, and  the 3 days expired, as current law allows, they had not been able to  verify the information he had given them and, therefore, could not  complete the background check. But under the law, they had to sell him  the gun after the 3 days, only to find out several days later that the  wrong information had been put into the record.   I sincerely believe that this gentleman's sophistication, he knew he  was not to have a gun. Now, I ask: Did he give the wrong information  intentionally?   I think so. When they found the error, it was too late. Nine souls  had perished.   Now, the gentleman said that he is lucky that the gun didn't go off,  and these laws would not have prevented that. This law would have  prevented that gentleman from getting a gun.   Now, I don't know why the other side continues to misrepresent what  we are trying to do here. All we are saying is if at the end of the 3  days, it ought to move to 10 days. And if the 10 days expire, you can  ask for expedited search. And if that expires, you still have 10 days.  The maximum is 30 days. Nobody is keeping a gun away. Everybody should  be able to wait 30 days.    I ask the other side: Is a wait of 30 days worth the  death of nine unsuspecting souls?   That alone ought to instruct them on legislation like this.   