 Madam President, this week is National Police Week, and I  rise today in honor of the service and sacrifice of law enforcement  across this country.   In North Carolina, we lost 10 law enforcement officers in 2020, and  we tragically lost 6, so far, in 2021. Some of these officers were  victims of COVID, others were involved in car accidents, and some made  the ultimate sacrifice being killed in the line of duty.   Recent tragedies in Cabarrus, Gaston, Henderson, and Watauga Counties  in my State of North Carolina have been met with an outpouring of  gratitude, appreciation, and love from the residents for the  communities they help keep safe.   Last September, we lost Deputy Ryan Hendrix of the Henderson County  Sheriff's Office after he was shot and killed responding to a break-in.  Officer Hendrix was only 35 years old. He had two young children and  was set to be married to his fiance the following month.   Last December, Tyler Herndon of the Mount Holly Police Department was  tragically killed in the line of duty just days before his 26th  birthday.   In December, Officer Jason Shuping of the Concord Police Department  was shot and killed while responding to an attempted carjacking.  Officer Shuping was only 25 years old. He left behind his wife Haylee,  a high school sweetheart whom he had been in love with for years and  married for 2. Last week, I had the honor--the sad honor--of joining  Cabarrus County to commemorate Law Enforcement Day and to honor Officer  Shuping's service.   Most recently, on April 28, North Carolina tragically lost two more  law enforcement officers: Sergeant Chris Ward and K-9 Deputy Logan Fox  of the Watauga County Sheriff's Office. They were conducting a welfare  check that turned into a deadly, hours-long standoff. Sergeant Ward was  only 36 years old. He was an 8-year law enforcement veteran. He leaves  behind a wife, who was also his high school sweetheart, and two  daughters. Deputy Fox was only 25 years old. He was a 2-year veteran of  the Watauga Sheriff's Office, and he was a partner with a K-9 named  ``Raven.'' He was engaged and soon to be married.   The people of North Carolina came together to pay their final  respects to these brave officers just a little over a week ago. During  the procession from Winston-Salem back to Boone, many stood on the side  of the road to salute the officers and proudly wave American flags.   I told the audience and the police officers present last week in  Concord that you need to know that the majority of Americans still  greatly appreciate your service to law enforcement. They recognize the  vast majority of men and women serving in law enforcement are good  people who put their uniforms on every day, willing to sacrifice their  own lives to protect us.   Being a law enforcement officer is not an easy job, and it is  certainly not safe. We saw that on Capitol Hill on January 6. But being  an officer is becoming harder and harder as they handle more stress,  more pressure, and more responsibilities than ever before. If their  jobs weren't hard enough already, there are some people, including  people on Capitol Hill, who are actively demonizing all of law  enforcement, arguing that they are unworthy of taxpayer funding and the  people's respect.   It is no wonder why many law enforcement officers across the Nation-- officers across the Nation--have low morale. We are seeing the real- world consequences: a decrease in applications to go in academies,  early exits, and more retirements. It has gotten to dangerous levels in  several cities across the country.   The demonization of law enforcement will have lasting consequences,  and it will ultimately make all of us less safe. This is why Congress  must do everything we can to support law enforcement and to stop  efforts to demean and demonize them. The best way to do that is to  recognize law enforcement for their remarkable service and the dangers  they face to protect us.   That is why I recently reintroduced the Protect and Serve Act. This  legislation would make it a Federal crime to intentionally assault a  law enforcement officer. It ensures prosecutors have every tool  available to punish those who attack and target them. In 2018, the  Protect and Serve Act passed the House by a vote of 382 to 35, and it  had the support of every current Member of the House Democratic  leadership.   If President Biden is serious about unity, I can think of no better  bill for him to support. This week, I will be reintroducing another  important piece of legislation, the Probation Officer Protection Act.  This bill would give probation officers the arrest authority they need  to fully enforce the law and protect public safety. I hope my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle will cosponsor this bill and work  with me to send it to the President's desk, along with the Protect and  Serve Act.   I know every Member of Congress has seen the heroism of law  enforcement firsthand. I did too. We all saw it on January 6, when  Capitol Police and DC Police risked their lives to ensure our safety.  We ultimately lost two Capitol Police officers, and we lost another  since then. More than 440 of our Capitol Police and DC Police were  injured in the events of January 6.   I hope the respect and appreciation we show to law enforcement this  week can be sustained year-round. Let us commit ourselves to doing all  we can to support the men and women in blue who protect and serve us  every single day.  [[Page S2430]]    