 Madam President, when I got up this morning, the furthest  thing from my mind was that I was going to have a chance to see you  today. And since I am seeing you today, I want to say thank you. I want  to say thank you for your role in this administration and in leading  the Biden administration to make a proposal that was passed in the  American recovery plan that is going to cut childhood poverty in this  country almost in half this year.   And what people should know is not only that the President--the  President sitting here--led that effort at the White House, but she led  it from the very beginning. She was one of the original sponsors of  that legislation. And even though the President's budget has said we  ought to make it--extend it to 2025, I just want to let you know that  we are still fighting here to make it permanent, and I think we should  make it permanent.   We have already had--this is why I am here today. But we have already  had Columbia University tell us that there is going to be an eight  times annual return on the investment that we make as part of the  recovery because instead of mitigating for the problem of kids in  poverty, we will actually be eliminating poverty for almost half the  kids in this country--for millions of American children. And not only  that, over 90 percent of American kids are going to benefit from this  Biden-Harris tax cut that is in this package.   So I just want to say thank you for that. And we have got to keep  working on it, and I agree that it ought to be extended for years and  years and years. For me, that means permanent. We are going to keep  trying to do that, so thank you.   And thank you for leading on the issues that we are here to talk  about today because this is the moment that we are challenged in ways  that we have never been challenged before.   Five months ago--a violent mob stormed this floor 5 months ago trying  to stop the peaceful transfer of power from one administration to the  next. And they took us out of this room, and they took us to one of the  Senate office buildings. And I was watching the television as I was  there, and all I could think about was what is the rest of the world  thinking about when our Capitol is being stormed by a violent mob of  our own citizens--by a violent mob of our own citizens--and not just  what our adversaries are thinking, not what is Russia thinking, what is  China using with this footage, what are the Iranians going to do with  this footage, but what are people like my mom and her parents who were  Polish Jews who survived the Holocaust and, after making it through one  of the worst moments in human history, were able to rebuild their  shattered lives in this country, in the United States of America?   And to think about similarly situated people all over the planet for  whom this is the greatest hope still for freedom and for liberty, for  democracy itself--that is what is at stake, as least as far as I am  concerned in this debate.   And I know the President understands this well, and I hope others  understand this well; that even before January 6, our democracy was  under attack. It was under attack as a result of gerrymandering. It was  under attack because of the way special interests controlled the agenda  on this floor and down the hall. It was under attack because of voter  suppression that nobody in the 21st century imagined we would ever see  in our country again, not to mention the fact of Citizens United, which  unleashed the floodgate of money, of billionaires, to control our  political system.   This is an effort to separate the American people from their exercise  in self-government. It is an effort to destroy the American people's  confidence in their exercise in self-government. And making it harder  for people to vote is a huge piece of this puzzle.   Now, this isn't the first time in our history that we have been  confronted by this kind of stuff. I have said before, and it is  absolutely true, that you go back to the founding of this country. It  is a story of, on the one hand, the highest ideals that have ever been  written down by human beings and the worst instincts that have ever  been conjured by human beings. In our case, that was enslaving other  human beings.   And our history is a story of that battle between those highest  ideals and  [[Page S4675]]  those worst instincts. And every single time Americans have stepped up  and they found a way to make our country more democratic, more fair,  and more free--small ``d'', democratic--and that is what we have to do  again. That is our job now because, today, in ways that were  unimaginable to me when I was in college, except when I read it in the  history books, anti-democratic forces are stronger than anytime since  Jim Crow. And it is true. That is a fact.   What I was reading back in the 1980s about laws that had been fought  against in the 1960s, they are back in 2020. If you think I am  exaggerating, here are some examples. In Georgia, there are bills to  undermine nonpartisan election officials so that politicians can  overturn outcomes they don't like; in Arizona, the same kind of thing,  a partisan election audit; in Florida, a bill to restrict vote by mail;  State legislators attempting to give themselves the power to toss out  an election, as I said, that they don't like. These are laws all across  the country. There are 250 or so of these laws that are being passed.   And, by the way, not a single one of those is being passed with a  Democratic vote--a vote from a Democrat--in 250 legislatures. And you  know what else doesn't exist in any one of those legislatures? The  filibuster does not exist in any one of those legislatures. We need to  stand up for our democracy, and that is why we need to pass the For the  People Act.   The bill includes commonsense reforms that are broadly supported by  the American people. I know--we know these reforms work because they  have worked in Colorado, where we banned gerrymandering. We have  automatic voter registration. We have early voting. We have vote-by- mail. We have increased election security. This is all nonpartisan.  This is all common sense.    This was done by--this wasn't done by Democrats. It was done by  Republicans and Democrats working together. What is the result? We have  the second highest voter turnout rate in the country--72 percent. I am  so sick and tired of saying that. I want us to be No. 1 so that I don't  have to hear from Senator Klobuchar how Minnesota is No. 1. I come  here, and I have to say we are No. 2. That is not good enough. We need  to be No. 1.   But if we had this across the country, the agenda in Washington would  look more like what the American people actually sent us here to do. So  this isn't just about voting rights, although that is very, very  important. It is not just about elections. That is very important. But  we could finally, probably, create universal healthcare in this  country, improve our schools, make sure that we had an economy that  when it grew, it grew for everybody, not just the top 10 percent. We  would probably stop spending our time cutting taxes for the wealthiest  Americans when our income inequality has never been higher. Although,  now that I mention that, I realize, because of the President's  leadership and President Biden's leadership, we have actually already  started to do that because we cut taxes now for the vast majority of  Americans because of the work that they have led.   We can change the destiny of America. That is what we can do. And  that is what this exercise in self-government is about. We can show  that we can compete with the Communist Government in China and send a  signal to people like my grandparents all across the world that  American democracy is stronger than ever and that they should trust it;  they can count on it and maybe get a piece of it for themselves; that  we remain a beacon of freedom and self-government and that we remain  committed not to our worst instincts but to our highest ideals.   I would encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  this legislation. And with that, I thank my colleague from North  Carolina for his indulgence.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from North Carolina.   