 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the surface-level  intentions of those who support this bill, things like checking the  abuse of the Federal Government's power. But this comprehensive package  would leave both consumers and creditors worse off than they are today.   Certainly, there are elements that I do support, notably, language  from the Fair Debt Collection Practices for Servicemembers Act. I was  proud to cosponsor that particular bill when introduced by Ms. Dean  from Pennsylvania, which passed the House last month. The Fair Debt  Collection Practices for Servicemembers Act would ensure that debt  collectors won't be able to threaten military servicemembers with a  reduction in rank or have their security clearances revoked. Frankly,  that keeps our military focused on fighting and winning our wars,  instead of being co-opted into debt collection.   But this is a truly partisan bill as packaged together, and it  exemplifies what good work we can do when we work together in a  bipartisan fashion, to see some of the components of it, and what can  be done to undermine that work when it is all put together in the final  package that we have before us here today.   Once I took a look and saw the rest of this bill, the excitement I  had for the components that I do support quickly dissipated. Taken as a  whole, this overwhelmingly partisan bill amounts to a direct attack on  creditors and an indirect attack on consumers.   This bill would distort credit histories by removing predictive  information from credit reports, including medical debt. While I  recognize the implications that such information has on credit history,  we must understand that removing predictive information only increases  the cost of credit. When uncertainty is higher, it is priced into the  cost, for individuals as well as all consumers with low or moderate  income.   Furthermore, this bill restricts the ability of debt collectors to  collect on unpaid debt. It does this by forbidding debt collectors from  contacting consumers via simple communications, as my colleague, Mr.  McHenry, was highlighting. While I think we can all agree that debt  collectors should be forbidden from carrying out abusive practices, we  should certainly not forbid them from using traditional communication  tools that are likely to succeed in contacting the person that owes the  debt.   Additionally, in October of 2020, the CFPB issued a rule to modernize  debt collection practices, and this rule reflects the technical  precision needed to ensure that both consumers and debt collectors are  protected. Rather than tying the hands of debt collectors, like this  bill does, we should push for consistency with that CFPB rule from last  fall.   In closing, I believe we should be clear on something. Consumers who  owe a debt and businesses that are unable to collect the debt are both  at a disadvantage when debt collectors are prohibited from contacting  consumers.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to this bill.   