 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, from El Paso to Brownsville, my home  State shares a 1,200-mile border with Mexico. If you were daring enough  to attempt to walk that entire stretch, you would trek through deserts,  mountains, big cities, small towns, and maybe even stick your big toe  in the Rio Grande. You get to know folks who are proud of the strong  bonds that our country has with our southern neighbor, including many  who have relatives in both countries. You would meet entrepreneurs  whose businesses depend on legitimate trade and travel between our  countries. You would talk with local, State, and Federal law  enforcement officials who go above and beyond the call to keep our  communities safe. And I have no doubt that along the way, you could  enjoy some great Tex-Mex, and depending on the season, you would find  the best grapefruit you have ever eaten in the Rio Grande Valley.   Our Texas-Mexico southern border is a beautiful, vibrant region with  a rich sense of community that you can't find in any other part of the  country. I believe it is truly unique.   Throughout my time in the Senate, I have had the opportunity to spend  a lot of time in our border communities and work with their incredible  leaders: mayors, county judges, sheriffs, school superintendents,  NGOs--nongovernmental organizations--and countless others.   Well, I am sure you have heard the song ``God Bless Texas.'' It is  true, I believe, and the folks I have come to call friends along the  border are certainly doing the Lord's work. These men and women work  around the clock to create safe communities and thriving economies,  something that has been especially tough during the hand they have been  dealt this last year with the pandemic. But they have lived through a  pandemic, hurricanes, droughts, a winter storm that presented subzero  freezing temperatures for a week. All have hit my State in the last 12  months.   Folks in these communities, as they have throughout the country, have  lost friends and loved ones. They have lost jobs. They have lost  businesses and opportunities and so much more. Now they are trying to  deal with another crisis, one they had no hand in creating and should  not be responsible for managing alone.   Unfortunately, the administration continues to play a high-stakes  version of the game Taboo as they try to find a word--any word--but  ``crisis'' to refer to what is happening along the southern border.  President Biden himself has called it a ``humanitarian challenge.''  Secretary Mayorkas prefers the term ``situation.'' And the President's  Chief of Staff referred to it as a ``mess.'' The problem here isn't the  choice of the word you use to describe it but the implication of  downplaying the seriousness of this migration surge.   In an attempt to lessen the impact of this dramatic increase in  illegal migration, the administration has revoked policies that were  helping deter such an influx. It failed to rapidly provide the  resources needed to respond to the crisis once it revoked the previous  policies, and now the border communities in my State along that 1,200- mile common border with Mexico are expected to pick up the slack.   Regardless of how you want to brand what is happening, here are the  facts. Last month, Customs and Border Protection encountered more than  100,000 individuals along our border last month alone--100,000. That is  the highest number since 2006. More than 9,000 of these 100,000 people  were children, unaccompanied children, separated when their parents  sent them, along with human smugglers, criminal organizations, to make  their dangerous trek from Mexico or Central America or somewhere else  into the United States. Another 19,000 are what are euphemistically  called family units, usually 1 parent and 1 or more children.   Now, we know that this journey to our borders isn't safe or easy, and  you can imagine that is especially true fo unaccompanied children. Many  arrive at our border in critical health, having endured days and weeks  or even months of exposure on the road. I have heard horrific stories  of physical and sexual abuse that occur in the hands of these criminal  organizations who move migrants from place A to place B. But they are  nothing more than cartels, human smugglers, criminals who care nothing  about the individuals whom they are ferrying from their point A to  point B. All they care about is the money that they make, and they make  a lot of money.    By law, children cannot be in the custody of Customs and Border  Protection for more than 72 hours. Within that window, they are  required by law to be transferred to the custody and care of the  Department of Health and Human Services. But right now, the system is  so overwhelmed that thousands of children have been in custody beyond  the legal limit, including hundreds who have been held for more than 10  days in border detention facilities.   Axios has recently released some pictures taken inside, I believe,  the Donna  [[Page S1668]]  detention facility showing children basically stacked end to end,  trying to stay warm, trying to sleep because the Border Patrol  facilities are simply overwhelmed.   The situation has grown so dire, the administration has sent the  Federal Emergency Management Agency to help, and now they have set up a  new influx care facility in Dallas and Midland to provide for these  children. The Midland facility has experienced so many issues that no  additional migrant teens are being sent there. In the first few days of  operation, more than 10 percent of the population housed there tested  positive for COVID-19, and at least one child has been hospitalized.  One government official described the process of setting up the  facility as ``building a plane as it's taking off.''   There is simply no reason the administration should have been caught  flat-footed by this surge of illegal migration. After all, the  President campaigned on promises of policies that were sure to lead to  this very situation. When you remove the policies that deter illegal  border crossings, what do you expect?   We know that the spring months are typically the busiest for  migration because mild temperatures make the journey a little less  dangerous and folks want to come to the United States for summer work.   We know the cartels and criminal organizations are very knowledgeable  about our immigration laws. They know them perhaps better than most  Americans do, and they know how to navigate them. We know a flawed  court ruling on the Flores settlement agreement means even more  children will come across our border because now families are subject  to the same requirements as unaccompanied children. We know we have an  immigration court backlog that is roughly 1.3 million cases deep, and  the average time for a case to be presented in court is now 2\1/2\  years. Nevertheless, the Biden administration, by revoking the previous  policies without having a plan to replace them, has created a perfect  storm that anyone could have told them would end up in this situation.  We have experienced migration surges in the past but never of this  magnitude.   In the midst of a pandemic, Secretary Mayorkas has said that we are  on track to see the highest number of border crossings in 20 years and  the administration needs to take action now to keep things from getting  any worse.   As migrants continue to make their way to our southern border in  record numbers, law enforcement, local officials, and nongovernmental  organizations, notwithstanding their best efforts, are not equipped to  manage the influx, certainly not in these numbers. They don't have the  facilities. They don't have the policies, the funding, or the resources  to manage the crisis in a fair, efficient, and humane way. That needs  to change.   For folks who are not from a border State or haven't spent much time  at the border, it is difficult to understand just how complex the  situation is. They may have learned what they think they know about the  border from movies or novels, or they may have read news articles and  assume border communities are dangerous or lawless places. That  assumption could not be farther from the truth. But it is true that our  border communities are being asked to carry more than their fair share  of the weight during this crisis, when the past year has already been  challenging enough with the pandemic.   Like cities across the country, border communities have had to cover  a range of expenses created by the pandemic, but unlike those other  communities, they now have the added economic struggle created by  limits on nonessential border travel.   Prepandemic, folks from Mexico could travel across the border to  shop, to eat at restaurants, and visit family members. These were huge  drivers of the economy along our entire border region. But the pause on  legitimate, nonessential travel by title 42 has created a serious  economic strain on these communities, and leaders are struggling to  understand the disconnect between the Biden administration's two very  different approaches.   At a recent roundtable my friend Congressman Henry Cuellar and I  hosted in Laredo, someone said: I don't understand how you can catch  and release the migrants and not let our neighbors across the border  come over and spend money in our communities to help bolster our  economy.   This confluence of crises is a one-two punch for our border  communities, and it is unfair they are expected to carry the burden of  this crisis. That is the Federal Government's responsibility.   This Friday, my colleague Senator Cruz and I will welcome a number of  our colleagues to the Rio Grande Valley, where they can hear and see  about these challenges firsthand. I welcome any Member of the Senate or  the Congress to join me at the border at a time of their choosing. I  know I have benefited from the feedback and advice from the experts on  the ground who are dealing with this crisis firsthand, and I am glad to  bring some of my Senate colleagues on Friday along for a visit at this  critical moment.   Hopefully that will help us to find a way, along with the  administration in a bipartisan way, to reduce some of the pull factors  that incentivize people to come and navigate our system.   You are never going to deal with the fact that people want a better  life or are fleeing violence. We all get that. We understand why, as  human beings, people would want to leave that, but we also know that  the cartels are getting rich off of this business model, and certainly  they are incentivized to encourage as many people as possible to come  and pay their extortionate fees in the process. But the combination of  those at this point--both the push factors and the pull factors,  especially with the Biden administration putting a green light on our  border and basically saying ``All comers are welcome to enter the  country''--is creating an unreasonable expectation about what people  are going to encounter, as well as overwhelming the capacity of our  Border Patrol, Health and Human Services, and the Office of Refugee  Relocation to be able to deal with them.   We know that the incentives involved in a catch-and-release system,  in which people are asked to return in perhaps months, maybe years, for  a future court date to consider their asylum claims, are nothing but an  invitation for them to not appear and simply melt into the great  American landscape and, again, continue to incentivize people to come  because they know they can beat the system. They certainly can game the  system, and, unfortunately, too often people beat the system, creating  the situation we find now at the southern border.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   