 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend, the chair of the  Rules Committee, who not only leads us every day in the committee but,  I think, deserves high praise for his inspired leadership on the  question of hunger.   I have been privileged to be in a number of hearings that he has  held, and I know we are making a difference in the appropriations bills  before us, so I thank him for his continued leadership in that regard.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule.   It is said that budgets are a statement of values. With this year's  appropriations package, we are making our priorities crystal clear:  uplifting working families and building a strong economic future for  all Americans.  [[Page H3923]]    This is arguably one of the most important funding bills in many  years as it comes in the midst of a historic global pandemic that has  left families and businesses alike reeling from its impacts.   As we work to rebound from the devastation of the COVID-19 crisis, we  must seize the opportunity before us and make transformational  investments to support our Nation's recovery, both now and in the  future. I am pleased to say that my colleagues and I have worked hard  to craft an appropriations package that will do just that.   I am particularly proud to have helped deliver essential funding to  uplift families in my community of Rochester, New York, by expanding  community health services, workforce development initiatives, youth  programs, and more.   We are investing in infrastructure, in better-paying jobs with  benefits and apprenticeship training, and in affordable housing and  daycare resources for working families.   Madam Speaker, COVID-19 has shined a stark light on the inequities  that have existed within our communities for decades. We have a  responsibility to take action and ensure that we don't just rebuild  what was, that we truly embrace President Biden's creed and build back  better.   That is why, with this appropriations package, we are also going to  support equity for underserved communities with targeted economic  investments, confront the climate crisis head-on, and invest in our  Nation's greatest assets, its people, by empowering them with the tools  they need to uplift their families and be successful.   Coming out of this pandemic has not been easy, but we have made  tremendous strides. Let's keep our foot on the gas, pass this rule, and  move forward with this historic investment.   I urge my colleagues to vote in support of the rule and in support of  the underlying appropriations bill.   