 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank the ranking member for his leadership on this issue and so many  issues that are so significant across the globe. Fortunately, our  committee usually works in a bipartisan manner, so I want to thank my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle, especially the chairman, for  his leadership on this as well.   As the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee's Asia, the  Pacific, Central Asia, and Nonproliferation Subcommittee, I rise today  in support of H.R. 134, legislation that Congressman Levin and I  introduced condemning the Burmese military's February 1 coup against  the civilian government. The military's decision to seize control and  detain top political leaders, including Aung San Suu Kyi and President  Win Myint, was a brazen assault on Burma's fledgling democracy.   Self-government is not some sort of temporary arrangement or a gift  from the military. Burma's generals cannot simply back out of democracy  when it no longer serves their purposes.   The situation has only gotten worse since the coup began. To date,  the military has killed hundreds of people and has detained thousands  of innocent people as political prisoners, and the conditions in many  instances are horrible.   What the military is doing here is just unconscionable. These murders  and detentions are blatant violations of the rights of the Burmese  people who, after all, only want to have what so many other countries  have across the globe, and that is the ability to determine their own  leadership and their own course of action for their own families and  their children and grandchildren.   We should honor--the whole world really should honor--the courage of  the Burmese people who have been peacefully protesting for quite some  time  [[Page H1566]]  now. Their bravery and determination are recognized and supported  across the globe. America and the world stand with them in their  struggle against tyranny.   Unfortunately, the PRC in this case and in so many other cases across  the globe, whether it is Cambodia or other areas where they tend, their  actions are malevolent. They are undermining democracy; they are  undermining freedom; and they are undermining legitimate governments.  They are rewarding bad behavior, as they are doing in this case, and  that is too bad because the PRC wants to be a major force and wants to  be a country that other countries can look up to.   Unfortunately, they are doing all the wrong things too often, and  that is what they are doing here as well. Rather than putting pressure  on the military in Burma, they are essentially looking the other way or  supporting them in what they are doing.   The bravery and determination of the people must be recognized across  the globe.   