 Mr. Vice President, you have fulfilled your duties as  President of the Senate tonight with distinction, and we all appreciate  it.   I thought about changing my mind and not speaking tonight, given the  lateness of the hour, and I know all of my colleagues would have  appreciated that greatly. But I thought it was necessary to speak  because I want the American people, particularly my constituents in  Ohio, to see that we will not be intimidated, that we will not  disrupted from our work, that here in the citadel of democracy, we will  continue to do the work of the people. Mob rule is not going to prevail  here.   Now, let's face it. We did not reclaim this Chamber tonight. Brave  and selfless law enforcement officers stood in the breach and ensured  that the citadel of democracy would be protected and that we would be  defended, and we are deeply grateful for that--as is the Nation   I have listened carefully to comments of my colleagues, and I have  listened over the past couple of weeks as this issue has been  discussed, and I tell you, for me, it is not a hard decision. I stand  with the Constitution. I stand with what the Constitution makes clear:  The people and the States hold the power here, not us.   My oath to the Constitution and my reverence for our democratic  principles make it easy for me to confirm these State certifications.   By the way, I opposed this process some 15 years ago, when some  Democrats chose to object to the electors from my home State of Ohio  after the 2004 elections. I opposed it then, and I oppose it now. I  said at the time that Congress must not thwart the will of the people.  That is what we would be doing.  [[Page S27]]    Let's assume for a moment that those who object to the certifications  are right, that the Constitution intended that a bare majority of  Members of Congress could circumvent the States that have chosen to  certify the popular votes of their own State citizens. I ask the  objectors to think about the precedent that would be set if we were to  do that.   What if the majority in the House and the Senate were of the other  party when a Presidential candidate of our party came through a close  Presidential election? Would you want a Congress controlled by the  Democrats to play the role you now intend for us?   It is asking Congress to substitute its judgment for the judgment of  the voters and its judgment for the judgment of the States that  certified the results. And even forgetting the dangerous precedent that  would be set, what would be the basis for objecting in this election?   Look, I voted for President Trump. I supported him because I believe  the Trump administration's policies are better for Ohio and for the  country. And I supported the Trump campaign's right to pursue  recounts--they had every right to do it--and legal challenges.   I agree that there were instances of fraud and irregularities in the  2020 elections. I think we all do. And by the way, there are fraud and  irregularities in every Presidential election.   But it is also true that after 2 months of recounts and legal  challenges, not a single State recount changed the result. And of the  dozens of lawsuits filed, not one found evidence of fraud or  irregularities widespread enough to change the result of the election.  This was the finding of numerous Republican-appointed judges and the  Trump administration's own Department of Justice.   Every State has now weighed in and chosen to certify its electoral  slate based on the popular vote, as set out in the Constitution.   I understand that many Americans who would never storm this Capitol  don't trust the integrity of the 2020 election, don't think the States  should have certified, don't think we should have accepted the results  from the States, and are insisting on more transparency and  accountability.   In the 2016 elections, lest we forget, many Democrats objected to the  results and distrusted the election.   I challenge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to listen but  also to do our part to try to restore faith in our elections. We should  all work to improve the integrity of the electoral system and the  confidence of the American people in this bedrock of our great  democratic Republic.   Today, I will do my constitutional duty and oppose these efforts to  reject the State-certified results.   And tomorrow, in the wake of this attack on the Capitol, the pandemic  that engulfs us, and other national challenges, let's work together for  the people.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The Democratic leader.   