 Madam President, shortly, we are going to be taking up S.  914, the Drinking Water and Wastewater Infrastructure Act, and I would  urge my colleagues to approve this legislation promptly.   The Environment and Public Works Committee reported this legislation  by a unanimous vote. We don't get too many unanimous votes here on  substantive, important legislation, and we were able to get that  because this bill is truly bipartisan.   I want to congratulate the leadership of the Environment and Public  Works Committee, Chairman Carper, for the management of the committee  to bring us together, and Senator Capito, the ranking Republican  member. The two of them set the climate for us to work together to  bring out a drinking water and wastewater infrastructure bill. I also  want to compliment my counterpart in regards to the Subcommittee on  Infrastructure, Senator Cramer, who is the ranking member--I am the  chair--and Senator Duckworth, who is the chair of the Water  Subcommittee, and Senator Lummis. All six of us worked together so that  this Drinking Water and Wastewater Infrastructure Act really does  represent the views of all the Members of the Senate, and it is a bill  that is desperately needed by our communities.   Water infrastructure is critically important to our Nation. It is  important for drinking water. It is important for how we treat our  waste, wastewater. The needs are tremendous. The American Society of  Civil Engineers gives us a report card grade of D in 2021. The gaps are  billions of dollars a year necessary to bring our water infrastructure  up to standard.   This legislation will move us in the right direction. It authorizes  $35 billion of water infrastructure, which is desperately needed in our  communities. It will allow us to upgrade aging infrastructure, address  the threat of climate  [[Page S2211]]  change, invest in new technologies, and help marginal communities in  dealing with these needs.   COVID-19 has made the challenges even more dramatic for our  communities. Water utilities have incurred additional costs. I think  that is quite obvious. They had to deal with the protective equipment  for their workers to deal with COVID-19. They had workers who were out  as a result of COVID-19. They had to deal with changing the way they  operated their business. There was a demand for greater water during  COVID-19, just the washing of our hands frequently. It requires us to  have access to more clean water.   The ability of our customers to pay their bills was challenged during  COVID-19. As we know, American families' incomes were very stressed and  are still stressed as a result of COVID-19. The gap between the ability  of the public support for water infrastructure and what ratepayers are  asked to pay is getting larger and larger. We haven't made the money  available from the public side for water infrastructure, and to put  more pressure on the rate when customers are already having a difficult  time paying their bills is not a viable option. That makes S. 914 even  more urgent.   I want to talk about a couple provisions that are included in S. 914  that are bipartisan that I worked on that I think are extremely  important parts of this legislation.   One, working with Senator Wicker, we have in this bill a pilot  program that will establish 40 grants around the Nation so that we can  establish programs to help low-income households. By way of comparison,  this is similar to the LIHEAP program that we use to help our low- income families deal with their utility bills for heating their homes  and air-conditioning their homes. This will provide similar help for  low-income families in dealing with the price of their water bills.   Having been through Maryland and some of our centers, I can tell you  that there are many communities where individuals literally cannot  afford their water bills. It is an essential utility. We need to do  something to fill the gap. So this bill will establish a program so  that we can take some of the pressure off of the ratepayers and  therefore allow local utilities to be able to use rates to do some of  their improvements without adversely affecting low-income families.  This pilot program, to me, is long overdue, but I am pleased to see it  is included in this legislation.    Another provision that is included in this legislation is legislation  that I have authored with Senator Capito, the Clean Water  Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Program. The two of us  recognize that in the State of West Virginia and the State of Maryland,  we have extreme weather events that are affecting our ability to handle  drinking water and wastewater. That is true in every State in the  Nation. I could tell you about Maryland and the community of Ellicott  City, where they have had two 100-year floods in a period of less than  2 years.   These frequent, extreme weather events are happening in this Nation  on a regular basis, and it is putting additional stress on our water  infrastructure. The President had a recent summit on climate, and this  is one of the issues that were brought up.   Wastewater treatment plants and drinking water systems--we need to  increase their resiliency and add that ability. That is what this  provision will do by providing grants that will assist in planning,  designing, construction, implementation, operation, or maintenance of  the facilities.   Stormwater runoff is one of the largest sources of pollutants in our  environment. We have over 600,000 miles of rivers and streams in  America, 13 million acres of lakes, reservoirs, and ponds. I can speak  personally about the impact that runoff has on the Chesapeake Bay, a  national treasure. The fastest growing source of pollutant into the  Chesapeake Bay comes from storm runoff.   This grant program on resiliency will help all of us plan for how we  deal with water infrastructure in a way that can deal with our modern  challenges.   Another provision in this bill comes from legislation that was  authored by Senator Boozman and myself, the Water Resources Research  Amendments Act. This provides help for research so that we can find  effective and efficient new ways to deal with water treatment  facilities.   In Maryland, we are proud that we have the Maryland Water Resources  Research Center at the University of Maryland, College Park, that does  this type of research that will help us to the next generation of how  we can use technology to help deal with our water infrastructure in  America.   The bottom line is that S. 914 is a bill that will help us preserve  and provide drinking water to the people of this Nation and deal with  wastewater. It is a very important bill for water infrastructure. It is  bipartisan. It will be on the floor. I urge my colleagues to support  this bipartisan legislation, which is clearly part of building America  back better. I hope we can act on this bill this week and send to it  the House and get this bill to the President for his signature. I can  tell you, our local water systems desperately need the help.   I yield the floor.   