 Mr. President, today was a stomach-turning, gut- wrenching moment in our history. Truly, it was an assault on the heart  of our democracy.   I want to join in thanking the first responders and the police.   I also want to thank others who have been heroes of our democracy-- unsung in many instances. First, they are all of the election  officials, all of the poll workers, all of the members of boards  [[Page S37]]  of election who actually counted the votes--who went to the polls and  made sure that votes could be cast--and who, ultimately, stood firm for  the integrity of that voting system.   I want to thank the judges. There are now about 90 of them who,  except for one or two who ruled the other way on a technicality, have  stood firm for the integrity of that voting system. In those 60 to 70  cases, except for that one who ruled on a technicality, they went with  the integrity of our voting system and the rule of law.   Today was, indeed, disgusting and sickening. It was shocking and  despicable. It was heartbreaking, but it was not surprising. In fact,  today's assault on our democracy--the mob violence, the riots, the  thugs and goons who were inspired and incited by the President of the  United States--all were of a piece, in these past 4 years, of a  President who has no respect for the truth or the rule of law.   Donald Trump's Presidency is coming to a close in the very same way  it began--with an attack on our democracy. In 2016, the Trump campaign  welcomed hostile foreign interference with our election. The President  refused to acknowledge that he would accept the results of the election  if he lost. Then, again and again, he demonstrated his contempt for the  rule of law and for laws themselves. He obstructed justice, and he  would have been charged with it had he not been the President of the  United States. He invited a foreign government to interfere in our  elections and find dirt on his political opponent.   Most disturbingly, these actions by a President who demonstrated that  contempt for the rule of law were met with silence from many political  leaders, our colleagues here in the Senate among them--silence in the  face of that contempt for the rule of law and disrespect for the law  enforcers.   So we could have seen today coming. In fact, we did. I warned about  it, and others did because the fantasies and falsehoods that drove  those rioters--not protesters but the mob who assaulted the temple of  democracy--were fueled by the President's misstatements and lies and  contempt for the truth, and he was enabled. He had enablers.   Today, we are stopping, in one instance, that enabling, but we must  also make sure to stop it going forward. The political stunt that  brought us here today offers no great solace that it will. These stunts  have consequences. We say words have consequences, and the actions  today will have significant consequences. They are an attack on our  democracy that undermines the core tenets of our American Government  and a disrespect for the will of the people and a peaceful transition  of power. The political stunts themselves, driven by opportunism, blaze  a path that can be followed by more competent challenges just as the  dictatorial instincts and actions of this President can be followed by  more effective would-be tyrants intent on destroying our Republic.   Yes, we have more important tasks that we should be addressing as  well--the pandemic, the economic revival. Yet, today, we must be  mindful of the threat to our democracy that we face down and come  together on a bipartisan basis, but silence is never excusable in the  face of lawlessness at the very top of our political structure.   I yield the floor.   