 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon, along with several  of our colleagues, to discuss the need to end the policy of taxation  without representation, which millions of Americans in the District of  Columbia have endured for over 200 years and hundreds of thousands  still endure today.   This policy was wrong in 1776, when 13 colonies took on the mightiest  nation on Earth to end it. It is wrong today, and we seek to end it  through the enactment of S. 51, the Washington, D.C. Admission Act.   In just 6 days, our country will observe Memorial Day, a holiday  often observed to mark the start of summer. We celebrate it to mark the  start of summer. But on Memorial Day of this year, many of us will  pause to remember the generations of Americans in our Armed Forces who  have laid down their lives for our country. That is what Memorial Day  is all about. This day means something special in my own family. My own  maternal grandmother was a Gold Star mother.   With the death of John McCain, I am the last Vietnam veteran serving  in the U.S. Senate.   The names of some 58,000 men and women with whom John and I served  are engraved on a black granite wall near the Lincoln Memorial, just a  few miles from where we are standing today. The heroes named on that  wall include brave men and women from Washington, DC, as well. Since  World War I, in fact, over 5,000 Americans from the District of  Columbia have lost their lives in service to the United States. And,  today, roughly 15,000 DC residents are on Active Duty or serving as  reservists or members of the National Guard in the States. That is  15,000 Americans serving dutifully in the Army, Navy, Air Force,  Marines, or the Coast Guard.   Our Nation's Capital is home to more than just monuments and museums.  It is home to Americans who work, who start businesses, and who  contribute to America's economy. And just like all 50 States  represented in this body, the District of Columbia is home to veterans  and servicemembers who risk their lives for our country, even today.  But, year after year, they come home to find that they are still denied  the ability to have a real say in our Nation's future.   These heroes are among the nearly 700,000 Americans who call the  District home and for generations have lived without voting  representation in Congress. That is why I view Washington, DC's  statehood not as a Republican or Democratic issue, not as a political  issue but as an American issue--as an issue of basic fairness and  equality.   Earlier this year, the senior Senator from Utah sought to overturn a  law passed by the DC City Council, right here on the Senate floor. As  U.S. Senators, neither of us should have such an opportunity to  intervene in a local matter like that. But in the Senate, we have power  over the budget of the District of Columbia--let me just point this  out--a city that has a double A-plus credit rating--double A-plus. I am  an old State treasurer. That is pretty darned good--better than most  States, in fact, if you check.   We also have confirmation power in the Congress over the District's  judges, an arrangement that needlessly led to extensive judicial  vacancies and delayed justices for weeks, for months, and, in some  cases, for years. That is wrong.   I reminded my colleagues that day that no one in this room was  elected by the people of the District of Columbia. Nobody in this room  was elected by the people of the District of Columbia, and no one here  was able to stand up and represent their interests. This should be  unacceptable in a 21st century democracy.   However, I believe that the tide is starting to turn. I believe we  can finally make DC statehood a reality during this Congress, the 117th  Congress.   We have a fearless champion in the House, Congresswoman Eleanor  Holmes Norton. With her leadership, along with that of the Speaker and  Leader Steny Hoyer, the House passed their DC statehood bill last month  for the second time--the second time ever.   We also have, for the first time, a President who formally supports  ending this policy--this modern-day policy--of taxation without  representation. And in the Senate, we have a record 45 cosponsors on  our bill to make the District of Columbia a State, a number that  represents Members from rural and urban areas alike. This number has  grown steadily since my friend, our former colleague, Joe Lieberman--a  fiercely independent Senator from Connecticut--led this charge in the  Senate before passing the baton to me in 2013.   I know that some of our colleagues have said that DC statehood is  unconstitutional. To be clear, the District of Columbia has taken the  same steps for statehood that 37 other States have taken since 1791-- the same steps--a process clearly laid out in our Constitution. This  case was made clearly in a letter to Congress just this week from  nearly 40 leading constitutional scholars, who wrote that Congress is  well within its rights to grant statehood.   On a different holiday later this summer, we will be celebrating July  Fourth to remember those who fought for our independence, and I will  remind my colleagues again that the Founding Fathers, the same men who  wrote our Constitution, had a rallying cry during the Revolutionary  War: There is no taxation without representation.   Yet that is exactly what is happening to the citizens in the District  of Columbia today. The reality is that these citizens pay the most--get  this, the citizens of the District of Columbia pay the most--in per  capita Federal income taxes in the United States, more than any other  State, but they have no say in how those dollars are spent, none.   This second-class status must come to an end, and we in Congress are  the ones who can do something about it   Winston Churchill once said: You can always count on America to do  the right thing in the end, after they have tried everything else.   It is never too late to do the right thing. The right thing to do now  is to ensure that nearly 700,000 Americans living in the District of  Columbia, serving in our military, voting, actually have a chance to  vote on the representation in this body and in the House. The right  thing to do is to end this policy of taxation without representation.  [[Page S3404]]    With that, I thank you, and I yield the floor to some of my  colleagues who, I believe, will be joining us on this call, including  the Senator from New Jersey.   