 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning  business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes  each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for  up to 15 minutes.    Mr. President, this series of ``Scheme'' speeches is  designed to chronicle a long-running, covert scheme to capture the  Supreme Court. Regulatory Agencies have often and notoriously been  captured by regulated interests. There is a whole doctrine of  regulatory capture found in economics and administrative law that  revolves around this history of the regulatory capture of  administrative Agencies. So, if you can capture administrative Agencies  to serve special interests, why not capture a court?   The trajectory of these ``Scheme'' speeches has been through time,  beginning with the Lewis Powell strategy report to the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce and then his enabling of that strategy as a Justice of the  Supreme Court and then how the rightwing fringe was brought into  organized alignment by the Koch brothers and then, of course, the link  to this regulatory capture apparatus and its willing band of mercenary  lawyers and witnesses.   Tonight, I interrupt that time trajectory to discuss two decisions  just delivered by the Supreme Court, decisions that clearly reflect the  patterns and purposes of the Court capture effort.   Let me start by saying that the single most important goal of this  covert scheme is to protect itself. The apparatus behind the scheme may  be put to innumerable political uses, but none of those political uses  will be effectuated unless the underlying apparatus protects itself and  stays operational. Survival of this operation is job one, and a core  strategy for protecting its covert operations is camouflage.   To camouflage this scheme you need anonymity for the donors behind  the operation. The scheme is blown if there is transparency. The  clandestine connections among front groups become apparent, and the  manipulating hands of the string pullers behind the surreptitious  scheme become visible. Voters then see the scheme, understand the  players and the motives, get the joke, so to speak, and the operation  is blown. So anonymity--donor anonymity--is essential. Voters may hate  big, anonymous donors, but big, anonymous donors need anonymity.   The term for this anonymous funding, now pouring by the billions of  dollars into our politics, is ``dark money.'' This is a dark money  operation, and if you are out to capture a court, you will want to make  sure that court will protect your dark money--the camouflage for all of  your covert operations. That is job one, which brings us to the  Americans for Prosperity Foundation case.   The Americans for Prosperity Foundation is a central front group of  the Koch brothers' political influence operation. It sued to prevent  California from getting access to donor information of the so-called  nonprofits, like itself, that, since Citizens United, have provided  screening, anonymity for the megadonors behind their political efforts.  For these political groups, donor anonymity is vital for the scheme to  function.   Now, one of the ways the dark money operation signals its desires to  the Court is through little flotillas of dark money groups that show up  as what are called friends of the Court--``amicus curiae,'' to use the  legal term--to provide guidance to the Justices. Little flotillas of  dark money groups showed up in Cedar Point, in Seila Law v. CFPB, in  Rucho v. Common Cause, in Knick v. Township of Scott, in Lamps Plus, in  Epic Systems, in Janus v. AFSCME, in Husted v. Randolph Institute, and  in a host of other cases. In each case, the little signaling flotilla  showed up. In each case, the Court delivered a partisan win for the  little flotilla. They usually number a dozen or so, and it is happening  in plain view, except that what is not in plain view is who is funding  the little orchestrated flotillas. That, the Court helps to keep  secret.   So these signaling flotillas that appear in these cases and generate  these partisan victories usually number about a dozen but not in the  Americans for Prosperity Foundation case, not in this case. In this  case, 50 of them showed up--50. I think that is a record, kind of a  personal best for the dark money armada, and they showed up early on,  at the certiorari stage, at the stage when the Court decides whether or  not to take the case--50 dark money groups showing up at the certiorari  stage.   This was a blaring red alert to the Republicans on the Supreme Court  as to how important this case was to the dark money operation. Sure  enough, just like in all of the other cases I mentioned, the Court  delivered. The Republican Justices on the Supreme Court just  established a new constitutional right to donor secrecy, and they did  so for a group, the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, that is  flagrantly involved in rightwing political mischief and manipulation-- flagrantly involved.   The Americans for Prosperity Foundation group's operating entity had  actually even spent millions of dollars just last year to help get  Justice Barrett confirmed. They are so brazen about this that they  actually used the Americans for Prosperity Foundation as the named  party, not some benign, nonpolitical entity that they could have  dredged up. No, they took the bet that this precedent of a politically  active manipulator being the named party would not faze the Republicans  on the Court, and they would be able, with that partisan majority, to  gain a legal foothold for their dark money political spending.   There are few things that enrage the American public more than  crooked, dark money political spending. If you tried to get a dark  money political spending bill through the Senate, you couldn't do it.  If you tried to get it through the House, you couldn't do it. If you  put the Senate and House under Republican control, you still couldn't  do it, but if you have captured the Supreme Court and have sent 50 dark  money groups in a big signaling armada and have told them what you  want, then a decision that is as unpopular and enraging as this  decision comes your way, and they pulled it off in plain daylight.   Justice Barrett even declined to recuse herself--that is how brazen  this  [[Page S4859]]  is--despite the Caperton case precedent of recusing in cases involving  parties who spent millions to get you on the Court. Not a peep about  that conflict of interest. Not a peep about that effective repeal of  the Caperton case.   This Republican majority completely ignored the assertions of the  Republican majority that gave us Citizens United: that transparency and  political spending is our protection against corruption. That was the  hook for Citizens United: Don't worry, folks. We can let unlimited  amounts of special interest money pour into politics, and it won't be  corrupting because it will be transparent. Everybody will see or hear  at the end of the ad: ``I am ExxonMobil, and I approve this message.''  That was the trick of Citizens United.   I suppose you could say that it was a safe bet that this Republican  majority would not be concerned about donor transparency the way the  Citizens United Republican majority was, because the Republicans on the  Court, after Citizens United, turned a completely blind eye to billions  of dark money dollars that poured into our politics.   They had said that was corrupting, but every chance they got to  impose their own decision and clean up the dark money corruption, they  scrupulously refused to do it. They did not or pretended not to see it.   So if you are this apparatus and you think you have captured the  Court and you look at the blind eye that had turned to these flagrant,  constant, massive violations of the supposed Citizens United  transparency principle, you take your shot, and they did. And what it  looks like now is that it was window dressing in Citizens United to  pretend to care about transparency, and what it looks like now is that  this new Republican majority has tossed even that window dressing into  the dumpster.   This Americans for Prosperity Foundation decision looks totally  outcome driven--not applying the law, but changing the law to favor  dark money--and the decision was on a purely partisan basis, all the  Republicans.   The end result here is that this dark money empire that spends  billions of dollars in our politics has just been given by the  Republican Justices a legal tool to fight disclosure, stall exposure,  and protect the clandestine nature of its covert political operations.   Remember what I said, job one? This is job one. This is the dark  money apparatus's pearl beyond price, and the Court--at least the  Republicans on the Court--delivered.   And it is notable that this dark money-funded operation that just got  this big and novel win had a big hand in putting the last three  Justices on the Court. Much of how they did it is hidden behind dark  money screens, but what we do know is chilling.   The Federalist Society took in tens of millions of dollars in dark  money while it was being used as the private political turnstile to  control who got nominated to the Court. The Judicial Crisis Network  took dark money donations, some as big as $17 million, to fund ad  campaigns for the nominees selected by the Federalist Society's special  interest turnstile to get them confirmed to the Court. Who writes a $17  million check for that?   And, of course, floods of dark money poured into the Republican Party  as Leader McConnell smashed and crashed his way through any rule, any  precedent, or any practice of the Senate that stood in the confirmation  path of these dark money nominees. Truly, this Court is, today, the  Supreme Court that dark money built, and it just delivered for the dark  money interests.   The dark money link to the Republican Party brings us to the second  case. This case, Brnovich v. DNC--Democratic National Committee-- involved voter suppression laws passed to discourage minorities from  voting. Why would anybody want to do that? Because today's Republican  Party has settled on voter suppression as its path to power. Across the  country, you see it. Republican-controlled legislatures have swiveled  in unison to pass voter suppression laws in their States all at once,  as if on signal. And guess what. Dark money groups have been caught  taking credit for this coordinated swivel, describing how they worked  through local sentinels, describing how they drafted the legislation  for the local Republicans, and describing how they were able to do so  surreptitiously.   The voter suppression fixation of Republicans in all these State  legislative bodies is quite plainly a coordinated activity, and equally  plainly it has the dark money apparatus behind it.   Here is another example: After a Washington Post expose blew his  cover, the operative at the center of the dark money Court-packing  scheme vacated that role. The article was pretty tough. He got burned  pretty good. So he fled. And where did he go? He moved straight from  Court packing to voter suppression.   Don't worry, he didn't have to go very far from his Court-packing  roots. The group he went to is called, in fine Orwellian fashion, the  Honest Elections Project. What is the Honest Elections Project? It is a  corporate rebranding of something called the Judicial Education  Project, which is, in turn, the corporate sibling of--yup, you guessed  it--the Judicial Crisis Network, the group that was getting the $17  million checks to run the Court-capture dark money advertising  campaigns. The former Court-packing group is the corporate kin of the  honest elections voter suppression group, and the same guy just hopped  from the one to the other.   The Washington Post expose, by the way, chronicled $250 million in  funding for this dark money Court-capture operation through its network  of groups. So whoever is behind this, they are not playing around, and  $250 million is an immense sum.   So when Mr. Court Capture shows up as Mr. Voter Suppression in a  repaint of one of his Court capture vehicles, you can guess that his  voter suppression effort will have plenty of dark money too.   So with this as the background, the Republicans on the Court served  up yet another blow to the Voting Rights Act. They allowed States to  pass even more voter suppression laws. They allowed them to pass even  voting laws conceded to impede minority voting. The purpose of the  Voting Rights Act is to protect voters' rights to the polls and  particularly minority voters' rights to the polls because of decades of  discrimination and suppression that kept minority voters away from the  polls.   In this case, they said: No, it is OK. If the decision is conceded to  fall unfairly on minority voters, still good. The author of this  partisan majority decision, even for good measure, threw in the totally  unsupported and perhaps even fraudulent Republican political talking  point that voter fraud is presently a big hazard demanding our  attention.   So it was a very big week of very big rewards for a very big dark  money apparatus. When those two decisions came down, the upshot was  simple. The dark money apparatus that put the last three Justices on  the Court desperately needs dark money to function. And the Court that  dark money built just built dark money a new home in our Constitution.  And the dark money apparatus that put the last three Justices on the  Supreme Court desperately needs Republicans to win elections to work  its political will, and the No. 1 Republican strategy going into 2022  is voter suppression. And the Court that dark money built just kicked  into the Voting Rights Act another hole allowing more voter  suppression.   It has been said that these Justices up on the Supreme Court are  there just calling balls and strikes. Yeah, right. They are not just  calling balls and strikes. In case after case, over and over, in a  consistent and predictable pattern, they are changing the shape of the  ballfield. They are tilting the ballfield steeply to help one side, and  they are doing grave damage to important safeguards of democracy in the  process.   These two cases, ignoring precedent and delivering big political wins  to the dark money apparatus through a partisan Republican majority,  show the game in play and the Republican Justices as players.   To be continued.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 72, S.  169.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid on the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 534  and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be discharged  from further consideration of H.R. 26 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.  [[Page S4861]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, July 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, that upon the conclusion  of morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Samuels nomination; further, that the cloture  motions filed during yesterday's session of the Senate ripen at 11:30  a.m.; that if cloture is invoked on the Samuels nomination, the Senate  immediately vote on cloture on the Nanda nomination; further, that the  Senate recess following the cloture vote on the Nanda nomination until  2 p.m.; that if cloture is invoked on either of the nominations, all  postcloture time expire at 2:35 p.m. and the Senate vote on  confirmation of the nominations in the order in which cloture was  invoked; finally, that if any of the nominations are confirmed, the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to  come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order following the remarks of Senator Gillibrand.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   