 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, Senate Democrats blocked a  vote on a clean government funding piece of legislation. Senator Shelby  and I put forward legislation that could pass the Senate easily and  keep the government open. We were ready to avoid a shutdown, get urgent  relief to Louisiana, help vetted Afghans who helped America, and  continue supporting Israel's Iron Dome, which saves innocent lives.   Senate Republicans were ready, and House Democratic leaders say they  will act on whatever CR we send them. But Democrats blocked the Senate  from even considering our legislation. Instead, the Democratic leader  held a vote that he knew would fail on a bill he knew was a  nonstarter--game-playing instead of governing.   So look, Mr. President, for more than 2 months--2 months--Republicans  have explained that the unified Democratic Party government will not  get bipartisan support for a debt limit hike while they write a  partisan taxing-and-spending spree behind closed doors. It is as simple  as that.   Bipartisanship isn't a light switch that Democrats can switch on when  they need to borrow money and flip off when they want to spend money.  If Democrats want to use fast-track, party-line procedures to ram  through trillions more in inflationary socialism, they will have to use  the same tools to handle the debt limit. They have known this for more  than 2 months. I made it perfectly clear 2 months ago.   The debt suspension that expired in August covered all the debt that  had been actually accumulated by that date. Let me say that again. The  debt suspension that expired in August covered all the debt that had  been accumulated by that date. This is an argument not about the past  but about the future, a future that Democrats have willfully decided  they want to own on a party-line basis.   There is no constant tradition that says one-party governments get  bipartisan help with the debt limit. That has been said over and over  by the press, by the Democrats. Let me make it clear. There is no  constant tradition that says one-party governments get bipartisan help  with the debt limit.   Just between 2003 and 2010, there were five--five--occasions when the  party in power had to get a debt limit hike through the Senate by  themselves--five times. Interestingly enough, then-Senators Biden and  Schumer voted no on raising the debt limit under President Bush 43 and  made the united Republican government do it by themselves.   So, look, it is time for our Democratic colleagues to stop dragging  their heels and get moving. They have had more than 2 months to accept  it. Secretary Yellen just announced a new estimate that action on the  debt limit may be necessary as early as October 18. Democrats will need  to handle the debt limit before then.  [[Page S6712]]    But Democrats in Congress don't seem to be acting with any urgency.  The Senate spends day after day on midlevel nominations, and our  colleagues spend all their time in backroom talks over partisan plans  while their basic duties sit here in limbo. So far, Democrats' partisan  ambitions have taken precedence over basic governance. That needs to  change. According to their own Treasury Secretary, they have a few  weeks to finally get moving.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, my colleague wants to discuss  precedence from a decade ago, but he and his colleagues have spent all  year boasting that what Democrats are doing to the country and the  economy is completely without precedent. I agree. What they are trying  to do is completely without precedent. There is nothing normal--nothing  normal--about Democrats using reconciliation multiple times to blow a  $5.5 trillion hole in the deficit without a single vote from our side.  Debt limit increases like the one we saw in 2006 were not--I repeat,  not--precursors to a massive blowout reconciliation package that  Republicans were just waiting to shove down Democrats' throats.   My colleague is trying hard to make this complicated. It is actually  simple. I have said for more than 2 months that we will not help this  unified Democratic government raise the debt ceiling. Democrats will  not get bipartisan help borrowing money so they can immediately blow  historic sums on a partisan taxing-and-spending spree.   The Democratic leader knew this request would fail. There is no  chance--no chance--the Republican conference will go out of our way to  help Democrats conserve their time and energy so they can resume  ramming through partisan socialism as fast as possible. This Democratic  government has spent months boasting about the radical transformation  they are ramming through. They are proud of it. They have no standing  whatsoever to ask 50 Republican Senators to make the process more  convenient.   When the Democratic leader was recently in the minority, he made us  file cloture on matters that weren't one-tenth this controversial. We  had to invoke cloture on nominees who went on to be confirmed with  literally zero votes in opposition. But now the Democratic leader wants  us to skip that step on something this controversial? Of course, that  is not going to happen.   All year long, Democrats have wanted to control government spending  all on their own. They wanted to be in the position they are in right  now. They requested from the Parliamentarian and won extra flexibility  to redo reconciliation. So, if Democrats want to use fast-tracked,  party-line processes to spend trillions of dollars and transform the  country, they will have to use the same tool to raise the debt ceiling.    Now, here is what Republicans will do: For the sake of the full faith  and credit of our country, I am about to propose a different consent,  one that will allow Democrats to start the budget process they will  need to use to raise the debt ceiling. Our Democratic colleagues will  need to do this alone, but I will propose an agreement to ensure the  process can begin as soon as Democrats accept that this is the path  they need to take.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask the Senate to modify the request that  has been made by the majority leader so that, in lieu of this proposal,  if the Budget Committee reports out a 304 budget resolution with  instructions to raise the debt limit or is discharged from  consideration of such resolution, the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    I object.   