 Thank you, Senator Gillibrand.    I think we just heard the Senator from New York speak  very strongly about the need for this legislation. She said 12 times  she has come to the Senate floor to ask for UC on this bill. So we all  ought to know--not only on this bill but a lot of things the Senator  from New York is involved in--she is not going to give up. Eight years  on this bill proves that, her persistence.   We need to get this done. I would think that a bill that has 66  cosponsors and the demonstrated need for it is such that the people  opposing this would be embarrassed, particularly with the 66  cosponsors.   I thank Senator Gillibrand for her persistence. I am glad to be with  her on this subject. I haven't worked as hard as she has, but I believe  everything she has said, and this bill should pass.   In the last 15 years, there has been virtually no progress in  reducing the level of sexual assault in the military. Far too many  service men and women have experienced sexual assault, and we don't  even know the full extent of the problem because people are afraid to  report these because of the retribution that happens as a result of the  report. Of those who do report, 64 percent experience retaliation.   But this goes beyond sexual assault. This legislation  professionalizes the military justice system and would improve trust  and transparency in the ability of the military to handle all serious  crimes. The policy of moving the decision to prosecute out of the chain  of command has been recommended by military justice experts.   This bill has been considered by the Armed Services Committee for 8  years in a row, and that is why the time has come now to make sure that  this bill does not get buried once again in that committee or, as she  suggested, very narrowly--the committee has had more than enough time  to review the legislation and propose alternatives. We have even heard  from the Department of Defense that they can solve this problem, and  yet it keeps getting worse.   This bill with so many cosponsors deserves the support and shouldn't  have to wait any longer to get passed. It is time for the legislation  to finally move forward, and I urge my colleagues to join in this  effort to get this done the easiest way possible, and that would be by  UC.   I yield the floor.   