 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind my friend and my chairman, who I  have great respect for, Mr. Neal, that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was  one of the pivotal successes of the Trump administration that led to  the lowest poverty among all Americans that had existed in decades, if  not ever, and the strongest economy and lowest unemployment among all  demographic groups.   Whereas, this plan, this so-called COVID relief plan, is not, in  fact, a COVID relief plan at all. By far, most of the money goes to  creating new entitlement programs. You see, my friends on the other  side of the aisle are more concerned with making the American people  rely on government programs than they are on creating opportunity for  them to lift themselves up.   Mr. Speaker, if you operate a small business trying to get people to  come back to work, if you are a frontline worker eager to be vaccinated  and hoping this plan will speed that up, if you are a family attempting  to educate your children while schools refuse to open, this bill won't  help you. It leaves you behind.   My friend, Mr. Clyburn, said last year that this COVID pandemic  created a great opportunity for Democrats to mold things to their  vision. Boy, are they delivering.   My friends on the other side say this bill is popular, and I don't  doubt it is. I mean, it is certainly good politics to say: Hey, we are  going to hand you a check for $1,400. Just help us get this across the  line, and we will give you a check.   But what they don't talk about is what this bill costs. You see, $1.9  trillion is $5,487 for every man, woman, and child in this country-- $5,500 for every man, woman, and child.   What these guys want to do is have the government borrow $5,500 in  your name, and not just your name, your wife's or your husband's name  and each of your kids' names. $5,500 they are going through in the  kitty, but they are going to give you $1,400 of it back, so vote for  this bill.   I think we should look a little further than that. I think we should  look maybe at where the other $4,100 that they are borrowing in your  name goes. Guess what? That money is going to have to be paid back. It  is going to be paid back in higher taxes. It is going to be paid back  in lower productivity. It is going to be paid back in lower government  services. It is going to be paid back in less opportunity for your  children and your grandchildren.   Let's look at where this $4,100 goes.   $750 of your $4,100 that they are borrowing in your name and each of  your kids' names goes to paying extra unemployment for people to stay  home. In fact, it pays people more unemployment than they can make at  work, in most cases.   To bail out union pension plans that are chronically underfunded--and  this problem needs to be fixed, but this plan does nothing to fix the  problem. They will continue to be chronically underfunded. $177 of your  $4,100 they are borrowing in your name and not giving back to you goes  to bail out union pension plans.   $1,067 of your $4,100 that they are borrowing in your name and not  giving back to you goes to bail out blue States. In the prior plans, we  already had money to help States. A lot of the money hadn't been spent  from the prior plans that we had. But they changed the allocation  formula in this plan.   It was based on population, so every State was treated fairly. But  that is not good enough for places like California and New York that  are shut down. So they said: I know. Let's add unemployment in there  because our Governors have shut our States down, and our unemployment  is higher, and we want more money. We want to take money from places  like Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and other States in the Midwest  that stayed open, and we want to redirect it to California and New  York.   So, they threw in unemployment as a criteria. South Carolina, my home  State, is the third biggest loser. Florida is the biggest loser. We  lose over $1 billion, and $5.4 billion extra goes to rich California.  That is $1,067 each of your money.   K-12 education, colleges, and universities get $500 of your money  that they  [[Page H1273]]  are borrowing in your name. But guess what? We know you want to send  your kids back to school, but they don't require that the schools  actually open. Schools are sitting there closed.   They are still getting your property taxes. They are still getting  all the property taxes that normally fund you. But they are going to  send them another $500 of your money but not require that those schools  open.   $34 of your money goes to museums and Native language preservation.  You are spending $34 of your $4,100 on that.   Public health organizations, including Planned Parenthood, get $58 of  your money that they are borrowing in your name and your kids' money  that they are borrowing in their names. It goes to Planned Parenthood.   Transportation grants, $128.   Agriculture includes socially disadvantaged farmers. What does that  mean, people who have historically been socially disadvantaged? That  means if you are a White farmer, don't apply.   Foreign aid gets $30.   Then, I am lumping all the other progressive priorities of $1,279,  and with a direct check of $1,400, it adds up to $5,487.   Mr. Speaker, this bill has had an absurd lack of bipartisanship. My  chairman, my friend that I respect, says that the Ways and Means  Committee created this bill. We didn't create this bill. Madam Pelosi  uses COVID as an excuse to keep us out of town so she can write this  liberal grab bag.   We had no hearings on this bill. When we marked it up, there were  dozens of amendments offered. Not one single amendment was accepted.  This is an absolute ram job by the Democrats of a menu of liberal  priorities.   Mr. Speaker, we can do better. I reserve the balance of my time.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I would remind the gentleman  that, due to the enormity of this bill, if $800 million of this bill  goes to food assistance, that represents less than one one-thousandths  of the total. That is a very tiny, small fraction.   And the prior bills were done in a bipartisan fashion. I am certain  we could have worked in a bipartisan fashion if there was any attempt  to do that. But, in fact, this is just a ram job by the liberals to  push through a vastly expanding entitlement system.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Arrington).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   I agree that the priorities could not be more stark, when the Tax  Cuts and Jobs Act led to the most successful economy in decades, if not  ever, and the lowest unemployment among African Americans, Hispanics,  and women in the history of the United States. Whereas, this bill just  represents a massive expansion of our entitlement system.   Our priorities are to get people to work. The Democrats' priorities  are to get people hooked on the government, to make them reliant on  government checks.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Wenstrup).    Mr. Speaker, what my friends across the  aisle are saying is: Here is your $1,400 check, but don't look at what  I am doing behind your back with the other $5,500 I am borrowing in  your name and in the names of each of your children.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Reed).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friend,  the majority leader, that the reason that this bill is not bipartisan  is there has been no effort to make it bipartisan.   There have been zero committee meetings on this. Ms. Pelosi uses  COVID as an excuse to keep us away from Washington so that she can  write these liberal grab bag bills on her own. There were no hearings  on this in the Ways and Means Committee or I don't think any other  committee. I am sure we could have found a bipartisan response to this,  but instead they chose, because they have the majority now, to ram  through their list of liberal priorities in a massive expansion of the  entitlement system under the guise of COVID relief.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Clyde).    Mr. Speaker, I would respond to the  comments of my friend, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee  when he said that he voted in favor of the bill when Hank Paulson came  over and said it is something we needed to do, as opposed to this bill,  which President Obama's former director of National Economic Council  warned about consequences of this bill for the value of the dollar and  financial stability because of the excessive borrowing that we are  doing.   Again, folks back home, we are borrowing $5,500 in your name, in your  wife's name, in your children's name, and giving you $1,400 of it.   President Biden's chief of staff boasted about this bill that this is  the most progressive domestic legislation in a generation. So it is no  surprise, Mr. Speaker, that there is no bipartisan support for this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I would point out to my  friend from Alabama that because of the change in the allocation  formula in this bill, relief for States--from the prior COVID relief  bills--now this formula will focus on the unemployed; therefore, places  that have shut their economies down and hurt their citizens  economically will get more money than places who haven't.   As a result, Alabama is the fourth or fifth largest loser in this  bill in State and local government recovery money. Alabama will lose  about $890 million, almost $1 billion, and that works out to  approximately $178 lost for every man, woman, and child living in  Alabama.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would remind the  gentlewoman that we are borrowing $5,500 for every man, woman, and  child in the entire country with this $1.9 trillion bill and that we  are using that money to expand entitlement programs, including the  child tax credit.   Well, who is going to end up paying back that $5,500 per person? It  is going to be the very children that we are professing to help today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friend  that only about 9 percent of this bill actually goes to speed vaccine  production and delivery around the country. And if more of that were  occurring in this bill there may be more bipartisanship.   This bill is a misnomer called a COVID recovery act when, in fact, it  is just an expansion of entitlements that will make people more  dependent on the government and will lessen their opportunity and heap  debt on our children and our grandchildren.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friend that what we are doing here is  waving a $1,400 check in front of our constituency and saying, ``Look  at this,'' but we are like the Wizard of Oz, ``Don't look at what is  going on behind the curtain,'' because what we are doing with this $1.9  trillion bill is borrowing $5,500 for every man, woman, and child in  this country.   We are giving them $1,400 so it is palatable to them. We are giving  them a little sugar. We are not reminding them about the $4,100 other  dollars that we are borrowing in their name, of which $1,067 goes to  bail out blue States like New York and California.   Mr. Speaker, $177 of their money, of that $4,100, goes to bail out  union pension plans; $750, folks back home, of your $4,100 that we are  borrowing in your name and your wife's name and your kids' names is  going to extend unemployment benefits to pay people more to sit home  than they can make at work; $34 goes to museums and Native American  language preservation; $393 goes to K-12 and $120 to colleges and  universities, of your money, each of your money, and there is no  requirement that they reopen; $58 goes for public health organizations,  including Planned Parenthood.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, again, is simply a guise. COVID relief, no.  As Mr. Clyburn said: Let's use this disaster to mold things to our  vision.   And they are doing exactly that. This is a massive expansion of the  entitlement programs.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I remind the people back  home that the scale of this plan that the gentlewoman is talking about  is $5,500 borrowed for every man, woman, and child in this country, and  your children will pay that money back. They will pay it back in higher  taxes. They will pay it back in lost opportunity. They will pay it back  in weaker economic growth.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, more than once today, there has been reference to the  recovery bills at the end of the Bush administration and the beginning  of the Obama administration coming out of a very bad financial crisis.  Of course, this COVID pandemic has led to a financial crisis in this  country. But the difference in the response here is stark between the  two.   Coming out of the Bush administration and into the Obama  administration, we expanded government, raised taxes, expanded  regulations, and adopted recovery bills that weren't focused on  economic growth. The result of that was, through 8 years of the Obama- Biden administration, we had stagnant growth. The middle class was  shrinking; middle-class incomes were shrinking.   It took a Republican President, a Republican Congress, enacting bills  that lowered taxes, lowered regulation, and lowered government reliance  that led to massive economic growth and opportunity for all  demographics in our country. Hispanics, African Americans, women, and  others have seen growth and opportunity not seen in decades, if ever.   I hope, with this plan, that we are not going to go back to the days  of the Obama-Biden years of stagnant growth and dashed opportunity for  our children and our grandchildren.   Mr. Speaker, we are holding up a check for $1,400 to the American  public and saying: Vote for this, but don't pay attention because we  are really borrowing $5,500 in your name, your wife's name, your  husband's name, and each of your kids' names. For each of your kids, we  are borrowing $5,500 in their name that they are going to have to pay  back. They are getting $1,400 of it, but the other $4,100 is going  here.   It is not right, and it is not fair. And it will lead to lower growth  and less opportunity for those kids that we are saddling with that debt  right now.   Mr. Speaker, this is not the right plan to address our Nation's  challenges in defeating the COVID-19 virus. It is not the right time  either. There is still a trillion dollars in unused funds from previous  packages that were bipartisan, that were targeted, that were not merely  misnamed liberal grab bags.   The Congressional Budget Office's overview of the economic outlook  projects that, by the middle of the year, the economy will have  returned to a prepandemic level of real GDP. Why? That is because the  policies put in place under the Trump administration and a Republican  Congress are still in place--lower taxes and lower regulation. That is  why, as opposed to the Obama-Biden recovery, which in 8 years still had  not recovered, the economy is quickly coming back to prepandemic levels  right now.    Yet, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have found every  reason to rush through costly, unnecessary progressive priorities that  my constituents didn't ask for.   The American Rescue Plan is costing each American more than their  mortgage payment, a downpayment on their car, or a semester of their  children's college, and their children will have to pay it back. I  don't want to leave a huge bill for my kids, and I know most Americans  don't either.   Mr. Speaker, I hope that this bill expanding government, expanding  entitlements, paying people to stay home, making them more reliant on  the government does not lead to another decade of stagnation, of lost  opportunity.   Vote ``no'' on this dangerous bill. Vote ``no'' against a selfish  attempt to strap our next generation with debt. Vote ``no'' to  progressive payoffs that we the people did not order. We must do  better.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   