 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, now that cloture has been invoked on the  substitute bill, we are one step closer to completing this product,  which has been the subject of bipartisan negotiation with the White  House for quite some time. I know a lot of hard work has been put into  this, and I want to thank all of our colleagues who have contributed to  it.   After much anticipation, we finally received the bill text earlier  this week. Of course, a lot of it was what we expected to see: funding  for roads, bridges, ports, waterways, airports, and broadband.   Under normal circumstances, an infrastructure bill would go through a  long and arduous committee process  [[Page S5998]]  before ever coming to the floor. Members of the committees of  jurisdiction would have an opportunity to debate and offer amendments  and get votes on their proposals to try to improve the bill at the  committee level. This provides a very important part of the ability of  everybody to be able to participate in the process, one that is denied  members of their committees of relevant jurisdiction when a bill comes  to the floor already negotiated.   One of the challenges is when you have 20 people who agree on  something and then they bring it to the floor, and, of course, then the  80 who have not been part of that discussion want to participate and  want to try to improve the underlying bill.   I hope that now that the cloture on the substitute has been invoked,  there will be an opportunity for us to vote on some additional  amendments.   I have been working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  identify new pay-fors that could be adopted as amendments, and we have  come up with some good ideas that I hope can receive votes now, even  postcloture.   But I want to talk specifically about an amendment that I have worked  on with Senator Padilla, the junior Senator from California, to fund  infrastructure projects in communities across our country without  increasing the deficit. Our amendment simply gives States and local  governments the flexibility to use unspent COVID relief funding on  infrastructure projects.   Right now, there are limitations that we put on that funding. Of  course, at the time those limitations or guardrails were put on that  funding, we didn't know how long this pandemic would last or what the  actual needs were of the various States and local jurisdictions.   So qualifying expenses include things that are directly related to  the pandemic, like COVID-19 testing sites, vaccine PSAs, and additional  bed space for hospitals. But here is the rub: That funding cannot be  used on expenses unrelated to the pandemic or items that were  previously included in the budget. They must be new pandemic-related  expenses.   In theory, and at the time, that made a lot of sense. After all, this  funding was meant to bolster the fight against COVID-19 in our  communities. But not every community has the same need. In many places,  the most urgent needs aren't related to the pandemic because they have  not been hit quite as hard as others, unfortunately, around the  country. Some of their most urgent needs are what we are talking about  here today: infrastructure--roads and bridges and the like.   We all know that the pandemic has interrupted infrastructure  improvements across the country and forced officials to put many of  these projects on the back burner. Maintenance, repairs, and  construction projects have been put on hold, as you know, until there  was enough funding to get things back on track.   I have heard from my constituents in Texas--State and local leaders-- who are frustrated by this lack of flexibility with the Federal funding  that they have already received or which they expect to receive. They  simply like the option--not a mandate, but an option--to use this money  when and where it is needed most.   But as I say, right now, their hands are tied. Many States and  localities have relief funds on hand but no necessary qualifying  expenses. They have to look at this big balance in their bank account  knowing they can't actually spend it on some of their most urgent  needs. That is especially the case in rural parts of the country.   In places where COVID numbers are, thankfully, low, leaders don't  have the need or the opportunity to spend this money which we have  already appropriated on the timeline set within that legislation. They  simply don't have a need for the full range of pandemic-related  resources that might be necessary in some parts of the country with  higher case counts.   So the amendment that Senator Padilla and I have offered would simply  give leaders in rural and urban areas alike, where appropriate, the  option--the option--to spend the funding on necessary infrastructure  projects. That can mean widening a highway, making safety improvements  on a bridge, or expanding broadband access. Urban areas could even use  these funds for public transit improvement projects. State and local  leaders know the needs of their community better than any of us here,  and they should have the flexibility to spend that money where it is  needed most.    But, Madam President, I think we have had a recent bit of evidence of  how long it takes for Congress to act before the money that we  appropriate actually gets to the intended beneficiary. To me, nothing  is more exemplary of that than the eviction moratorium. Congress  appropriated $46 billion in rent relief, but if you look around the  country, many of the intended beneficiaries of that rent relief have  not yet seen that money, thus the movement toward extending the  moratorium.   I know just from my own experience in Texas, after Hurricane Harvey,  where Congress appropriated billions of dollars in relief, it has  taken, literally, years for the money that come from Washington, DC, to  get to the intended beneficiary.   One of the biggest benefits of the amendment that Senator Padilla and  I have offered is that this money is readily available and does not,  again, as I said, add to the deficit or debt, but merely provides them  flexibility, which means they will be able to put that money to use  more quickly on infrastructure projects.   Again, this is not a mandate. This is an option. Any place that has  new COVID expenses to cover can and should use the money they have for  that purpose. There is no question about that. But we simply give  leaders the option to spend relief funds on urgent infrastructure  projects that may otherwise go unfunded.   Here is the other problem. I know that many of our State and local  leaders are sitting on these huge amounts of financial resources that  we have appropriated, and they are figuring out: Well, if we don't  spend it on something, then the Federal Government is going to claw it  back or it may not just qualify for the expenditures that are already  authorized.   So they will be under a lot of pressure to spend it on things that  may be simply operating expenses and may not provide the long-term  economic benefit that an infrastructure project would.   That is another benefit of giving them this flexibility. It is that  it will incentivize them to spend the money on the types of things we  would hope they would spend the money on if they don't need it for  COVID-19.   Back in March, nearly three dozen organizations wrote to Secretary  Yellen, the Treasury Secretary, urging her to make transportation  infrastructure an eligible expense. They talked about the impact of  COVID-19 on transportation revenue and noted that last year, 18 States  and 24 localities announced delays or cancellations of transportation  improvement projects, totaling more than $12 billion.   They also noted that the pandemic impacted every State and community  differently, something that should be self-evident, and asked for the  flexibility, which they said ``will be critical to ensuring funds are  used expeditiously and with maximum impact.''   President Biden's own Transportation Secretary has also suggested as  much. In his testimony before Congress, Secretary Buttigieg said that  the American Rescue Plan ``has some flexibility in it'' that he thinks  could be used to support road budgets that have been impacted.   States and cities shouldn't be able to spend this money. They should  be able to invest it and in the projects and resources they need the  most. This is just simply common sense that I think all of us can get  behind. It ensures that money that has already gone out the door, which  will not add to our deficit or debt, will be used to the maximum impact  before the sunset brings that flexibility and that money, those  resources, to an end.   And it puts decision making at the local level. Local officials  understand better than people in Washington, DC, what they need the  most, and this gives them the flexibility to put that money to the most  efficient and most effective use. This amendment has earned the support  of a broad range of organizations across the country, and I am proud to  work with Senator Padilla to craft an amendment that both sides can get  behind.   Today, I hope this will be one of the amendments to receive a vote on  the  [[Page S5999]]  floor. We have to ensure that infrastructure investments are made  fairly and paid for responsibly. A robust amendment process and  commonsense bipartisan ideas like this one are the only way to get  there.   I yield the floor.   