 I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding and  for organizing this important Special Order hour.   As a Gold Star son who lost his father in the Vietnam War, I  empathize with and salute the honorable men and women who don a uniform  and risk their lives and too often lose their lives protecting our  country and our communities, oftentimes without the appreciation or  support that they need and that they deserve.   So I rise today to express gratitude to the over 11,000 police  officers who serve and protect the residents of my home State of  Minnesota, an overwhelming majority of whom are compassionate and  principled public servants.   I am proud of the law enforcement agencies that serve Hennepin and  Carver counties in Minnesota's Third District, innovative and well-led  police departments committed to building cultures and communities in  which everyone, and I repeat everyone, feels safe.  [[Page H2254]]    People like Dawanna Witt, whose remarkable life story of perseverance  embodies the very best of our law enforcement community. Ms. Witt grew  up surrounded by alcoholism and drug addiction, was subject to sexual  abuse, had her first baby at age 15, and lived with her newborn in a  homeless shelter.   But she finished high school with honors, then received her  bachelor's degree and then her master's. And today she is known as  Major Witt, a grandmother of two, supervisor of 500 employees at the  Hennepin County Sheriff's Office and a rising star in Minnesota law  enforcement.   Major Witt will be the first to tell you that we do need police  reform, that systemic racism does exist, and that racial profiling is a  real thing. She will also tell you that we need to do more to protect  officers' safety.   So, today I invite my colleagues and our entire country to join me in  celebrating Major Witt and the hundreds of thousands of law enforcement  professionals just like her who have committed their entire  professional lives to helping America become a more safe, equitable,  just, and perfect union.   