 Madam President, the whole point of American foreign aid is  to assist countries in times of need and in support of a common  interest between us and them. Yet, for many years, our foreign aid  dollars have been used to impose violent, cultural imperialism by  promoting and providing for the practice of abortion.   Tragically, instead of helping to preserve, strengthen, and sustain  the lives of women and children abroad, our taxpayer dollars have been  used to harm women's lives and to end the lives of their unborn  children, especially baby girls.   In some of these countries, girls are disproportionately aborted,  precisely because they are female. U.S. aid is used not to affirm the  equal dignity of girls and women but to violently deny it. And in some  of these countries, abortion has been forced on women who don't even  want abortions--women in countries like Vietnam or Peru, for instance,  who were forced to endure the coercive abortion and sterilization  campaigns of the 1990s, just to name a few examples.   What kind of aid does violence to women and girls? What kind of help  is it to impose U.S. abortion extremism on countries that culturally  and democratically reject it or contribute to international  organizations that allow regimes to use abortion as a tool of  oppression? And what kind of progress is it to encourage sex-selective  abortion and the denigration of human dignity for both the baby and the  mother?   This cultural imperialism is not pro-woman. It is not pro-child. And  it is not pro-healthcare. It is pro-sexism and pro-violence, and we  must end it.   According to the latest Marist poll, the American people  overwhelmingly agree. Nearly 60 percent of Americans oppose using tax  dollars to pay for abortions, and more than 75 percent of Americans  oppose using tax dollars to support abortions in other countries--75  percent.   Now, thankfully, President Ronald Reagan first took steps to reverse  this kind of support in 1984, instituting what became known as the  Mexico City policy to prohibit foreign aid from going to organizations  that provide for or promote abortions or that advocate to change  abortion laws within a foreign country.   Since then, the policy has, unfortunately, been rescinded and  reinstated again and again between changing administrations. Between  Republicans and Democrats, it has been moved as a sort of political  football.   But the lives of babies and the dignity of women--these are not  political footballs. Women and children everywhere have immeasurable,  innate, inherent dignity and worth, regardless of where they are from,  and they ought to be entitled to the right to life and protection from  harm, regardless of who happens to be in office at any given moment.   The Protecting Life in Foreign Assistance Act affirms this very  truth. This bill would permanently stop the use of our foreign aid  money from funding or promoting abortions overseas.   I also defend the women and babies everywhere and value the women and  babies everywhere by supporting two other measures introduced by my  friends Senator Inhofe and Senator Blackburn. Senator Inhofe's bill,  the Protecting Individuals with Down Syndrome Act, would affirm that  disability does not determine or demean the dignity and worth of a  human life. And Senator Blackburn's bill would ensure that taxpayer  funds under the Title X Family Planning Program do not go to any  facility that performs or provides referrals for abortions.   In our laws and throughout our lives, we ought to uphold the dignity  of each and every human person, regardless of the race, sex,  appearance, abilities, or age of the person in question. The measures  before us today do just that, and we should support them.   And now I would like to yield time to my friend and distinguished  colleague, the Senator from Montana.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration of S. 137  and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further  ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, 75 percent of Americans, regardless of how  they feel on other issues--I understand my colleagues take different  positions on issues related to the sanctity of human life. I understand  that. As much as I disagree with them, I respect that it is their right  to hold that opinion.   This bill is about something much narrower, something upon which  Americans--75 percent of them--overwhelmingly agree, and that is that  we shouldn't be using U.S. foreign aid money to fund or promote  abortions overseas.   If we can't accept that, it is terribly disappointing and would be  news to most Americans.   Thank you, Madam President.   