 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  urgent need to get our kids back in school. Kids deserve to be back in  school.   Last week, the White House Chief of Staff was on television. He was  interviewed. The interviewer asked him why so many public schools  remain closed. His answer--amazingly, astonishingly--was ``money.''   If I may, the record is very clear. Republicans supported more money  for schools since last summer--a full $105 billion to get our kids back  to school. In fact, the Senate Republicans' targeted coronavirus bill  included more money from schools than Speaker Pelosi included in her  bloated, liberal wish list.   For months, Senate Democrats obstructed, delayed, and dragged their  feet. For months, Democrats played politics with coronavirus relief. In  all that time, families across America suffered.   It wasn't until the end of December that Democrats finally agreed to  pass legislation to reopen the schools, and it included $82 billion-- less than Republicans had offered the last summer.   Well, the ink is now barely dry on the overall relief bill at the end  of last year. It was a $900 billion relief bill. So here we are, just 1  month later, and the new administration says that there is no money to  reopen schools.   The White House Chief of Staff goes on television with a supposedly  new idea. The idea is that ``we, as a country, should make the  investments to make it safe'' to get back to school--astonishing,  because we did that.  [[Page S235]]    If the Biden administration really wants their schools to reopen,  they ought to be talking to the teachers unions. They should talk to  the leaders of the teachers unions based in Fairfax County, VA, just a  few miles from here. You know, it is one of the largest school  districts in America. Fairfax County teachers demanded a vaccine before  they would go back to the classroom. Thanks to Operation Warp Speed,  they got the vaccine. Yet they still refused to go back to the  classroom, which, of course, means that the students aren't in the  classroom either.   In Chicago, the teachers union is threatening to go on strike rather  than to go back into the classroom, which, of course, means the  students don't get to back into the classroom either.   In Washington, DC, the teachers union would rather go to court than  to the classroom, which means that students don't get to go back to the  classroom either.   Similar stories are taking place all across America. The union bosses  might think this is just a big game. The truth is, this is doing  terrible things to our children.   Our teachers do incredible work. Many are working harder than ever in  the virtual setting. Many want to go back to the classroom. Yet,  because of the union bosses who pull the strings, our kids are being  denied access to in-person learning by our amazing teachers.   On Wednesday, the New York Times said it was ``breaking news'' that  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention want the kids back in  school. That is not breaking news. That is old news. The CDC said it  last July.   Experts have been echoing this call for months. One study estimated  that because of the lockdown last spring, a typical student entered  this school year 35 percent behind schedule in reading and nearly 50  percent behind in math.   The children hurt the most are, of course, the most vulnerable--kids  from lower income families, like the millions of kids who receive  nutrition assistance, medical care, or counseling in public schools;  also, the children of single parents, many of whom--the parents, that  is--can't work from home.   According to the National Education Association, a quarter of the  families with kids ages 5 to 17 either don't have a computer or don't  have wireless internet, so the lockdowns have been especially tough on  all of those kids in those settings.   For many children, the lockdown has been far tougher on their health  than coronavirus itself would be. That is because serious coronavirus  symptoms among healthy children are extremely rare. And Congress has  provided funding to prevent kids from spreading the coronavirus. It has  done it by improving ventilation, by social distancing, and by  disinfecting our classrooms.   So while Democrats were taking their orders from teachers unions,  Senate Republicans listened to the science. It is time for Senate  Democrats to decide: Are they going to put our kids first or are they  going to continue to put the teachers unions ahead of our kids?   Senate Republicans have done our part to reopen our schools with  incredible amounts of funding and support. This is no time for excuses,  no time for backtracking. The science supports it. We have provided the  funding.   Now I would point out that students in Wyoming have been back in  school since September. That is where students belong. Kids deserve to  be in school. So let's get our kids back in the classroom. It is what  is best for kids; certainly, it is what is best for working families;  and it is what is best for our future as a nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   