 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, this monstrosity of a bill is the most progressive and  expensive piece of legislation in our Nation's history. It will  fundamentally alter the course of our great Nation by codifying the far  left's dangerous policies, such as components of the Green New Deal,  taxpayer-funded abortion, and the weaponization of the IRS.   In fulfilling the far left's wish list, this bankrupts America. And  it does so, Madam Speaker, all while Americans are reeling from record- high rates of inflation that are crippling their pocketbooks, emptying  shelves at the supermarket, and making gasoline prices skyrocket.   This compounded with the fact that the Biden administration refuses  to address the myriad of crises plaguing Americans across the country,  I am convinced that my counterparts on the other side of the aisle have  no desire to set America up to succeed, nor are they interested in  embracing the freedoms that we know and love, the very freedoms that  serve as the foundational underpinnings of our great democracy.    No, this bill moves us not just one step toward socialism, it propels  us into Big Government socialism. That is because this bill provides:   Universal preschool childcare from birth to the tune of nearly $400  billion, both of which are great opportunities for Washington- controlled curriculums and bureaucrats to indoctrinate our children in  the most developmental of years.   $80 billion to double the size of the Internal Revenue Service,  further weaponizing the agency and targeting hardworking American  taxpayers. That should frighten every one of us.   $100 billion to establish a backdoor amnesty program that will give  5-year renewable visas to millions of individuals illegally residing in  the United States.   The child tax credit to those who enter the United States illegally  by dropping the current law requirement for a Social Security number.   $550 billion for the Green New Deal, including billions for a new  climate green bank, environmental and climate justice grants, and the  United States Postal Service to convert to an electric vehicle fleet.    And $12.5 billion for tree equity and radical  environmental justice initiatives.   That is right, this bill leaves us knocking on the door of Big  Government socialism.   My constituents sent me to Washington, D.C., to protect and secure  their freedoms and to put Americans first, not last, and I look forward  to voting ``no'' on this travesty of a bill.   I encourage all of my colleagues to also vote ``no'' on this Big  Government socialism bill.   