 Mr. Speaker, like my colleagues today, I rise in  opposition to the previous question so that we can immediately consider  H.R. 5586, Prohibiting IRS Financial Surveillance Act.   Mr. Speaker, Hoosiers are outraged. My friends across the aisle would  have you believe that it is just the Hoosier financial institutions  that are outraged at having to hand over the personal account  information of their customers. It is, in fact, those account owners  that are outraged at the notion that my friends across the aisle would  build an apparatus to surveil and snoop in their personal bank  accounts.   Now, their horror only grows as I answer questions for them. First,  they ask, surely this must apply only to the super rich and not to me.  But I reply, no, it applies to you if you spend just over $200 a week.   Then they will ask, surely this must only apply to those that are  suspected of a crime. And I say, no, it is collection on every account,  irrespective of whether there is a suspected crime or tax evasion  afoot.   Then, of course, they will ask me, surely the IRS has a very good  track record of keeping this data safe. And I have to reply, no, the  track record, in fact, indicates the opposite. The IRS has a terrible  track record of keeping this data safe against the intrusion of actors  from around the world and right here at home.   And then they say, well, surely the IRS has a good track record of  not mobilizing this data for political purposes. And yet, again, I have  to say, no, in fact, the evidence indicates the IRS has mobilized this  data for their own political purposes and for the political purposes  across the aisle.   My friends, this is horrifying, this surveillance state that is  trying to be built. Hoosiers understand what is being asked of them.  Trillions of dollars are being proposed to be spent, and now they are  being asked to give up their personal information from their personal  bank accounts to foot that bill for my colleagues across the aisle. I  hope this stops here.   