 Madam Speaker, today I rise because, in light of recent  events, I no longer feel like I can stay silent.   The hypocrisy of this body considering the censuring and stripping of  committee assignments of Representative Gosar is illustrative of the  inability of this body to effectively legislate.  [[Page H6341]]    It demonstrates why many Americans have lost all confidence in our  ability to be and provide effective leadership.   I have found Mr. Paul Gosar to be an honorable and effective  legislator, and I have found him to care deeply for his colleagues and  America.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for giving me  the opportunity to speak.   Madam Speaker, at a time when Americans are facing the highest  inflation rates in decades and small businesses are struggling to  recover from the devastating impact of COVID-19, House Democrats will  soon consider the most radical spending package in American history.   Unfortunately, instead of giving families and businesses a hand up by  getting able-bodied Americans back to work and taking steps to resolve  our supply chain crisis, Democrats' far left socialist package will do  little more than exacerbate our inflation crisis and harm the growth of  small businesses.   Earlier this month the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of  Business released a model that found the bill will cost more than twice  the estimated cost. If that is not bad enough, the Tax Policy Center  recently found that this spending spree would raise taxes on middle- class Americans by up to 30 percent.   This anti-growth package will destroy thousands of jobs, burden many  business owners with restrictive taxes intended to help pay for this  bloated spending bill, and will surely be a death knell for many  businesses on struggling Main Street and hardworking Americans  struggling to contend with soaring inflation rates.   Month after month we have watched the Biden administration deliver  disappointing jobs reports with the labor force participation rate  falling to 61.6 percent in September alone. This labor shortage is only  fueling our economy and supply chain crisis, but instead of encouraging  Americans to get back to work, President Biden and House Democrats are  including provisions that discourage unemployed Americans from finding  a job.   If Democrats really want to build back better, they should be  championing policies that actually help our small business owners and  the middle class, not exacerbating the problems they are struggling to  overcome.   