 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the IG Independence  and Empowerment Act.   This comprehensive legislation would ensure inspectors general have  the tools needed to conduct thorough investigations without fear of  political retaliation.   Many of these reforms have had strong bipartisan support for years,  in particular, my bill, the IG Subpoena Authority Act. This provision  grants IGs the authority to subpoena testimony from former employees  and contractors as a tool to better undercover waste, fraud, and abuse.  Currently, the absence of such authority hinders the ability of OIGs to  conduct complete oversight in matters of corruption and injustice.   I know my Republican colleagues claim this authority has no  protections from abuse, but that simply is not true. This bill includes  safeguards to ensure that this authority is not abused by requiring  that an IG must have a subpoena approved by a panel of three other IGs.   Additionally, I understand my Republican colleague may introduce an  amendment that would strike the subpoena authority provision from this  bill today. I find this interesting and confusing because the IG  Subpoena Authority Act was first introduced in the 115th Congress by  Republican Congressman Steve Russell with the support of then-Chairman  Towns and Ranking Member Issa, and it passed the House by unanimous  consent.   This bill has not changed substantially since the 115th Congress.  What has changed is the political context in which we are trying to  pass this reform. If a reform was good for government then, it is a  reform that is good for government now. Nothing has changed.   Madam Speaker, we need to make sure that the IG Subpoena Authority  Act is included and passed today. That will help strengthen the  integrity and maintain the accountability in our Federal agencies.   I thank Chairwoman Maloney for its inclusion in the IG Independence  and Empowerment Act. It is a step forward for good government, and I  strongly encourage an ``aye'' vote.   