 Mr. Speaker, apprenticeship programs are incredibly  important for job growth in the State of Wisconsin and around the  Nation; and insofar as this bill highlights apprenticeships, that is a  good thing.   I was talking again to one of our programs this morning in Wisconsin,  and they could desperately use more people going through these  apprenticeships and making these $70-, $80-, $90,000-a-year jobs.   I think it is particularly important to get more people in the trades  because we have so many people going to 4-year universities and maybe  they wind up going to apprenticeship 5 or 6 years later, maybe they  wind up heavy in debt. If they had made the move to a construction  apprenticeship earlier on, they would be a lot better.   Unfortunately, this bill is not quite exactly what we need. The  registered apprenticeship program through the Department of Labor is  important. For many employers it works fine. However, it is a one-size- fits-all approach. In fiscal year 2019, over 250,000 individuals  entered registered apprenticeships and only 81,000 graduated from the  system.   Over the years, some employers have expressed that participation in  registered apprenticeships allows the Department of Labor to dictate  skills an employer must provide to apprentices in specific industries  rather than allowing the business to determine that themselves. Let's  face it, employers know what kind of on-the-job training and vocational  education their apprentices need more than the Federal Government does.   IRAPs still would have to comply with Federal standards and would  have been overseen by third parties, such as trade and industry groups,  nonprofit organizations, unions, and joint labor management  organizations.   Of course, the idea of the IRAPs has totally shut down, probably for  two reasons. It took control of the apprenticeship program out of the  hands of the Federal Government. And, quite frankly, it was an idea  proposed by Donald Trump, who did a lot of good things.   Our workforce is evolving. So should our models of job training and  apprenticeships.  [[Page H415]]    I have also offered an amendment to this bill concerning the  definition of recognized postsecondary credential. Under the bill,  recognized postsecondary credential has a meaning, given the definition  in the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act. That definition should  specifically include technical diplomas and degrees, which differ from  general associate degrees. I look forward to revisiting that when the  House brings up WIOA for reauthorization.   