 I thank my colleague very much for his reflections on what  is really at stake here, Mr. President.   Last month, the Biden administration's Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid Services notified the State of Indiana that it was withdrawing  approval of the State's Gateway to Work Program. So what does this  actually mean to rank-and-file Hoosiers? Well, it means that the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has decided to revoke  Indiana's ability to determine appropriate work requirements and  appropriate community engagement expectations for Medicaid recipients  in our State. It means that this administration regards work as some  form of punishment, and efforts to transition to a position of self- reliance are somehow inappropriate.   Now, we Republicans believe in people. We believe in people. We  believe in self-reliance. We believe that the vast majority of  Americans, Americans of modest means, don't want to be trapped in  Government programs.   Medicaid should ideally be a service which is a temporary support for  people who really need it. The goal should be to prepare individuals  for a life of dignity, and that includes securing a vocation, finding a  measure of self-reliance in life.   Now, Indiana wasn't the only State to receive this bad news. Arizona  officials also received word that their Medicaid work expectations were  being revoked. Just a few months ago, this administration likewise  pulled all work expectations from the States of Arkansas, New  Hampshire, Michigan, and Wisconsin.   Indiana's Gateway to Work Program, again revoked by CMS, would have  merely asked Medicaid recipients to report 20 hours of work or  volunteer or school or other activities every month. This is really  important. These community engagement activities are designed to  improve quality of life, to improve the quality of the recipient's life  over the long-term and to help Hoosiers transition from Medicaid to  full employment. This is what people want.   When we think of the American dream, we think of the ability to go  out and start a family and be part of a larger community and to be able  to meaningfully participate in a nation's civic life and to secure a  vocation.   Most would regard the goals of Indiana's Gateway to Work program as  commendable. However, according to CMS, this program would result in  significant coverage losses and harm to beneficiaries--harm to  beneficiaries--a misleading statement that ignores the extensive list  of individuals exempt from this requirement: students, pregnant women,  the medically frail or the incapacitated, those with disabilities, and  a bunch of others.   Now, luckily for Hoosiers, the State of Indiana had not yet  implemented the Gateway to Work program at the time of CMS's notice  because of the unique challenges presented by the pandemic; meaning  that Medicaid recipients would not face immediate disruption of their  benefits.   Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for other Americans across the  country. And we are here to fight for them. This includes Texas, where  the administration's decision to revoke that State's waiver put in  jeopardy healthcare for 4 million Americans. That doesn't sound very  compassionate to me.   Up to this point, Medicaid waivers have allowed the States the  ability, the freedom--the freedom under our federalist system--to test  new policy approaches within the Medicaid Program, allowing them to  design and improve their programs in ways that best fit their own  populations and maybe serve as models for other States where successes  are elicited and proven.   But with the Biden administration's recent actions, with their one- size-fits-all mandates and mindset, States will now need to be on  guard. CMS may decide to revoke its waiver authority at any given time.  This means any attempt by a State to improve its Medicaid Program  carries a serious risk of disrupting healthcare for the program's  beneficiaries if that innovation could ultimately be revoked. God  forbid we try and improve a government program. But I guess Medicaid is  perfect, and we can't find room for improvement. Certainly, we can't  rely on the States to come up with improvements. Any improvements that  might be made would have to come from Washington, DC. This is the sort  of mindset we seem to be dealing with.   But for a nation that has always valued quality and innovation in  healthcare, for Americans who believe we should empower all of our  citizens, and for leaders who believe we have a responsibility to  provide the least among us the necessary tools to stand on their own  two feet, this is an unsustainable situation.   So I urge my colleagues to act now and stand up for their State's  ability to set their own Medicaid requirements that meet the needs of  their own citizens.   And with that, I yield to my esteemed colleague from Indiana, who has  been working very hard on this issue, Senator Braun.   