 Madam Speaker, I thank my distinguished friend for the  wonderful work he is doing as our new chairman of the House Committee  on Foreign Affairs. And I thank my friend, Mr. McCaul, the  distinguished ranking member.   Madam Speaker, this is an important bipartisan statement. Lives are  at stake. It is urgent this House speak with one voice about what is  happening in Myanmar, formerly Burma. The current crisis in the wake of  a military coup in which violence is escalating by the day and  protestors are being killed by the dozens demands a timely response.   I was pleased to introduce this bill in collaboration with the House  Democracy Partnership chairman, Mr.   David Price, and our Republican  colleague, Mr. Vern Buchanan of Florida.   On February 1, the Burmese military seized control of Burma's  Government in a coup d'etat by detaining democratically elected leaders  from the National League of Democracy, NLD, just hours before the  country's new parliament was set to meet for its first session. And  that was following an overwhelming election result in that country.   Among those detained were State Counselor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi;  President U Win Myint; and other senior NLD leaders. In one fell swoop,  the military plunged this national democracy into renewed political  turmoil just as it was emerging from five decades of military rule and  isolation.   In 2015, more than 30 million voters elected the NLD and its leader,  Aung San Suu Kyi, to power in the country's first general election.   The country's first peaceful transfer of power from military rule to  a civilian government was celebrated around the world. Pictures of  voters proudly raising their ink-stained fingers after the voting in  the country's 2015 and 2020 elections had been replaced tragically by  images of anger and tears and bloodshed.   The military takeover has jeopardized hard-won progress on  everything, from infrastructure or education investments to the  country's fragile peace process. It seeks to snuff out the hopes of the  Burmese people for a better future.  [[Page H1562]]    At least 149 people, including children, have been killed by the  security forces. Mass funerals have been conducted all across the  country. More than 2,100 individuals--civilians, students, journalists,  unionists--have been detained. Millions have poured onto the streets  all across Burma to demand a return to democracy, putting themselves at  grave risk for the sake of their own freedom.   A civil disobedience movement has emerged with medics, bankers,  lawyers, teachers, engineers, factory workers, students, leaving their  jobs and their study as a form of resistance against the coup. Despite  military orders to shoot to kill, they have not backed down.   While we cannot be on the streets of Yangon or Mandalay or Nay Pyi  Taw, we must stand in solidarity with those brave people in their  peaceful protests against this coup.   That is what this bill seeks to do. The Protect Democracy in Burma  Act would establish that it is the policy of the United States  Government to engage with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  and their member states to condemn the coup, urge unconditional release  of detained leaders and civil society members, and support the  immediate return to a democratic transition. It instructs the United  States Government to use its voice, vote, and influence in the U.N. to  hold accountable those responsible for this coup.   Finally, the legislation states, as the sense of Congress, that the  Burmese military has effectively nullified its participation with the  House Democracy Partnership--a partnership here at the House that has  been in place for the past 5 years.   Madam Speaker, I was privileged, along with our chairman, Mr. Price,  to travel to Burma and meet with Aung San Suu Kyi as part of that  partnership delegation back in 2016, a visit that reinforced our  commitment to supporting Burma's democratization and development. The  Burmese military must respect the results of democratic elections and  allow the democratic transition in Burma to continue.   Madam Speaker, with this bill, with one voice, Congress will send a  clear signal to the military junta that its unlawful seizure of power  will not be accepted and there will be hope for the Burmese people.   