 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman  and my friend from New York for yielding me the customary 30 minutes,  and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the rule before us today provides for consideration of  three appropriations measures for fiscal year 2022. I first would like  to start off by thanking Chair DeLauro and Ranking Member Granger and  their committee staff for their tireless work on these measures. It is  truly an honor to be part of the appropriations process on the  committee, and I am very grateful for their efforts.   Unfortunately, though, Mr. Speaker, like the package of seven funding  measures considered yesterday, the majority marked these three bills to  unworkable 302(b) allocations, and the package before us today stands  absolutely no chance of becoming law.   Collectively, these three bills provide for $147 billion in spending,  which is a 13 percent increase from fiscal year 2021.   Overall, the majority's proposed spending levels increase nondefense  discretionary spending by 17 percent while only increasing defense  spending by 1 percent. That is not even enough to keep up with  inflation.   This is at a time when our Nation and when our military faces threats  from China, Russia, and Iran. Because of these threats, we should be  investing in the U.S. and our partner nations, not underfunding our  military and national security programs and obligations abroad.   While H.R. 4373, which funds the Department of State and Foreign  Operations, does include support for our allies, Israel, Jordan, and  Taiwan, it also places conditions on our strategic partner Egypt. These  conditions will undercut national security efforts which is another hit  to our defense operations.   Further, H.R. 4373 removes longstanding bipartisan policies including  the Helms amendment which prohibits foreign aid from being used for  abortions. It also doubles funding to the United Nations Population  Fund. This organization has historically supported coercive abortion  and involuntary sterilization.   Finally, this bill provides for more than $3 billion for climate  change programs, including $1.6 billion for the Green Climate Fund.  Even Secretary Yellen acknowledged the Green Climate Fund has oversight  issues and has been mismanaged.   The rule before us today also provides for consideration of H.R.  4505, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies  Appropriations Act. Like H.R. 4373, this bill removes longstanding  bipartisan language restricting the Justice Department from spending  taxpayer dollars on abortion.   The measure also fails to include four bipartisan Second Amendment  protections including two provisions that have been in the CJS bill  since fiscal year 2006.   Finally, H.R. 4505 imposes new, unauthorized conditions on many State  and local law enforcement programs, including Byrne JAG and COPS. Many  of these conditions require legislation to be passed by States and  localities and are outside the control of law enforcement agencies.  These requirements will effectively defund programs relied on by our  Nation's police officers, including initiatives that support training  and equipment purchases, active shooter response training, and suicide  prevention.   This measure also fails to address the real challenges facing our  Nation, including cyberattacks on American companies, extortion plots  on critical infrastructure, and the flow of deadly fentanyl at the  southern border.   At the end of the day, if my colleagues across the aisle are serious  about enacting appropriations measures before funding runs out at the  end of September, it is absolutely critical they remove their far-left,  radical policy riders to restore longstanding bipartisan provisions;  otherwise, we will face a continuing resolution or a Democrat-driven  shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), my good friend, my mentor,  and the ranking member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   The Biden administration has extended border shutdowns with Mexico  and Canada, extended European and other international travel  restrictions, and has reimposed mask mandates for fully vaccinated  people, contradicting previous CDC guidance and, sadly, choosing to  follow the political science, not the science.   But, Mr. Speaker, the chaos at our southern border, where illegal  immigrants have been apprehended from over 160 countries, undermines  any efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19. That is why, if we  defeat the previous question, I will personally offer an amendment to  the rule to immediately consider Congresswoman Yvette Herrell's PAUSE  Act of 2021.   This legislation would provide for stringent enforcement of Title 42,  a public health order allowing illegal immigrants to be quickly  expelled from the United States, and would prohibit HHS and DHS from  weakening Title 42's implementation.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks), a doctor and my good friend, who is here  to explain the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am absolutely disappointed that an amendment offered  by my good friend, Mr.   Michael Waltz from Florida, was not made in  order under today's rule.   This amendment would support a diplomatic boycott of the 2022 Olympic  Games in Beijing. I would actually support a total boycott of the  Olympic Games in Beijing. But just looking at the diplomatic boycott,  China has an abysmal record on human rights. They currently are housing  Uighurs in concentration camps in western China, they are using slave  labor, and even forced organ harvesting.   The CCP, the Chinese Communist Party, exports fentanyl to the United  States, steals our trade secrets, and constantly threatens to invade  the free and independent nation of Taiwan.   The last thing we need to do is to reward the CCP with the economic  benefit and, frankly, the cachet on the world stage by hosting the  Olympic Games. I just wish that my liberal colleagues across the aisle  had allowed us to debate at least a diplomatic boycott of the Beijing  Olympic Games.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs.  McClain).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Roy), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Arrington), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to my  good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, the three bills made in order by today's rules are  overfunded to the expense of our Nation's military. They strip  longstanding bipartisan provisions and include far left, radical poison  pills, they will not be taken up by the Senate, and they will not  become law.   Given the looming September 30 deadline to fund the government, I  would just hope that my colleagues, my liberal colleagues across the  aisle, would work with Republicans to craft a bipartisan appropriation  measure that can make it to the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and ``no'' on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   