 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation to pay  America's bills and avoid a catastrophic default.   Raising the debt ceiling doesn't incur new debts. It simply allows  the Treasury Department to continue to pay the debts that this Congress  already voted to incur.   Ninety-seven percent of the debt subject to the current increase was  passed before President Biden took office.   The big drivers of this debt limit increase were the CARES Act  programs we all supported, higher defense spending under the previous  President, and enormous Republican tax cuts that were not paid for,  which mostly went to the wealthy.   Since 1960, Congress has raised the debt ceiling 78 times, mostly  when a Republican was in the White House.   Mr. Speaker, this has always been a bipartisan vote. In 2017, when  Donald Trump was President, more than 90 percent of the Democrats voted  to increase the debt limit. In 2019, when Donald Trump was President,  more than 90 percent of the Democrats voted to increase the debt limit.   It should be a bipartisan vote now. The simple fact is, if it wasn't,  if Congress fails to raise the debt ceiling, it would mean we refuse to  pay our debts, and that would lead to destruction.   I am confused, too. In one way, this is very asymmetric. We help the  Republican Presidents, but they refuse to help us. I don't understand  that.   My friend from South Carolina, in front of the Rules Committee, said  this is because of the Build Back Better bill, the proposed $3.5  trillion that is coming. That fails to recognize that during the Trump  administration, the U.S. Federal debt went up $7.8 trillion, more than  the theoretical maximum of Build Back Better.   But even more importantly, Build Back Better would not add one penny  to the Federal deficit. We have worked very hard to raise revenues from  the people who can most afford it, whose lives would not be diminished  one iota by the revenues that we would raise.   Millions of Americans would lose their jobs if this debt ceiling  doesn't go through. The unemployment rate would shoot upward to 9  percent; payments would cease for Social Security recipients, veterans,  and hospitals that take Medicare and Medicaid; and our Federal  workforce and our troops wouldn't be paid.   Ten years ago, the Government Accountability Office said the U.S. had  to pay an extra $1.3 billion in borrowing costs because of debt limit  brinkmanship.   If you want to address the debt, the obvious way to do it is to pay  for your spending, to be fiscally responsible. That is exactly what my  Democratic colleagues are doing with the Build Back Better bill, where  my colleagues and I on the Ways and Means Committee spent many, many  months figuring out how to best pay for these investments.   It is pretty ridiculous, Mr. Speaker, that the party that claimed a  $2 trillion handout to the wealthy would pay for itself, mostly in  dividends and stock buybacks, now complains about the debt.   If you are really worried about the debt, there are ways to address  it without taking a wrecking ball to the U.S. economy.   Preventing a recession should have unanimous support in this body. It  is a concerning prospect that we will have to do all this again in 2 or  3 months, and Republican leaders are already promising even stronger  opposition to avoiding the self-inflicted destruction of our economy.    Sooner or later, if we don't all recognize the risks and take an  adult, responsible approach to governance, the worst will happen, and  we will default.   