 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I applaud what the majority leader just  said. We are here. A lot of Senators, both Republicans and Democrats,  have rearranged schedules to be here. Let's go forth and do the  country's business. If people have amendments they want, bring them up.  Vote them up or vote them down. But let's just get on and do our work.  [[Page S5994]]    My Appropriations Committee staff worked very, very hard with both  the Republican and Democratic side on the parts of this piece of  legislation that required work from the Appropriations Committee. They  have worked weekends, evenings--long, long days--drafting and  redrafting and redrafting to make sure that people on both sides  approved of what they wanted. Now, the American people expect us to  vote. We are here. Let's vote.   I am happy to see Republican amendments or Democratic amendments come  up. But it is one thing to talk about them on the news shows or on  social media or trying to talk to the press in the halls and make sound  bites; it is another thing to actually vote. Let's vote. Let's let  people know where we stand. That is how the people in our State know  where we stand.   Frankly, those who are afraid they may cast a vote that creates  problems--but we are not here to cast only popular votes. I have cast  more votes than all but one person in the history of this country. I  have cast well over 16,000, almost 17,000 votes. I am sure I can go  back over those votes and find some and say: Hmm, in retrospect, I  might have voted the other way. But I voted.   What we are doing in not bringing this up and getting this done, we  are trying to vote ``maybe.'' I don't know anybody in my State,  Republican or Democrat, who elected Senators to say: We want you to  vote ``maybe.'' No. We want you to vote.   It doesn't mean the people of my State will agree on every vote. I  hope that they will agree on a lot of them. But I will represent my  State. I will represent my conscience. But I will represent the Senate,  and I will represent my oath of office. My oath of office is not to  just sit here and do nothing but talk to the press and others; my oath  of office is, I respect the Constitution, and I will vote. So let's  hope they vote.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   