 Mr. President, we are 11 months into the most severe  healthcare crisis this country or the world has seen in more than a  century. And for much of this past year, we haven't done anywhere close  to enough to help the millions of Americans who are suffering-- suffering not only from the virus itself but from the economic  implosion created by this pandemic.   The American people are in desperate need of help. It has been many,  many months since we passed the CARES Act. It was way back in March of  last year. That is a long time ago--10 months ago. Then the House, down  this hallway, in May--middle of May--passed the Heroes Act, saying:  Let's do what we need to do for healthcare and housing, for education,  for creating good-paying jobs to help America address both the  healthcare side and the economic side of this pandemic. And this Senate  said no. This Senate said: We are sorry. We spent all of our money on  tax breaks for the richest Americans. We don't have the resources to  help out ordinary Americans in the face of this pandemic. We prefer to  do nothing.   And the prefer-to-do-nothing leadership of this body proceeded to do  nothing in June and July and August and September and October, into  November. Meanwhile, the American people were gearing up for an  election, to basically weigh in on the direction that this country was  going, and here the Senate sat and did nothing in the face of millions  of struggling families across our country. Finally, after the election,  a minimal amount was done with the omnibus bill.   Well, the time for playing the fiddle while Rome burns or twiddling  our thumbs while America suffers is over.  [[Page S278]]    In the campaign, Democrats said: We will end the inaction of this  Senate in addressing the Nation's challenges, the families' struggle  across America, if you put us in a place to do so.   And they did. To the House down the hall, this Chamber, and the White  House down Pennsylvania Avenue, the American said: Get your act  together. Engage in competent, professional, direct, bold assistance to  these enormous challenges we face.   And Joe Biden promised that if elected President, he would utilize  every resource of the Federal Government to take on the COVID pandemic  and help American families get back on their feet.   The American people spoke loudly. They spoke clearly, and now we  intend to deliver on the promises and provide real help to American  families and businesses struggling in these difficult times.   There are a variety of ways that we can go forward to address this  challenge. Certainly, one is to have a bill on this floor, have it open  to amendments--relevant amendments, germane amendments--proceed to see  what the majority of this body, 51 Members, would say should be changed  in that bill or modified in that bill. But that tradition has  bee absolutely squashed by the leadership in this Senate over the past  few years under Republican leadership. I would like to see it restored.  I would like to see it restored, but with it goes not blocking the bill  from leaving this Chamber after thorough deliberation has occurred.    We know that in the 6 years that President Johnson led this Chamber,  there was not but one--one--blockade to keep bills that had received  majority support from leaving this Chamber. But in the 6 years that  Harry Reid led this Chamber, there were over 400 times that the  minority said: No, we will not let this bill leave this Chamber.   That is exactly--exactly--the type of obstruction and delay that is  making this Chamber dysfunctional. We have already seen it in terms of  the organizing resolution. It is still not done--still not done-- because the minority leader--now-Minority Leader Mitch McConnell--wants  to delay and obstruct, delay and obstruct, delay and obstruct, delay  and obstruct, as he did from the time the House passed the Heroes Act  until the modest bill in December.   I would love to see this bill--this $1.9 trillion bill--on this floor  and let the majority works its way. Ask if more money was needed to  help children return to the classroom--my colleague from Texas was just  addressing that topic--and more assistance in helping families still  unemployed by the meltdown, more assistance to the small businesses. Or  maybe some Members would like to propose less help here or less help  there, but that goes with the ability to move the bill quickly for  action. We await that kind of pledge, that kind of pledge to end the  delay-and-obstruct tactics of the minority.   In the meantime, therefore, we must go forward on a double path and  say we will prepare to go through the reconciliation process, the  simple majority process that comes from the Budget Act of 1973--the  same process Republicans have used time and time again to give tax  breaks to the richest Americans. Any process used in that fashion, I  think, was abused. But using it to help ordinary families get back on  their feet--that honors that process.   Where do we stand now? One in five renters in America are behind on  paying their rent because they are struggling financially. Nearly 24  million Americans, 11 percent of all adults, report not having enough  food in their homes. Millions of children are affected by that shortage  of food. Millions of American children are going hungry. That is where  we are right now. Hundreds of thousands of businesses are shuttering  their doors for good, and hundreds of thousands more are on the verge  of doing so. Too many classrooms echo with the sounds of silence rather  than the laughter of children.   This bill is about changing that. We need to move quickly. Our  children are struggling so hard to do their class work over a computer,  over a Zoom. It is so hard to feel good about life when you don't have  the chance to play and interact with other children, so depressing when  you are trapped in a house.   Yes, we need to reopen the schools. So let's pass this bill, and  let's pass this bill quickly, and let's get those $1,400 payments in  the hands of adults and children, stimulating the economy from the  foundation up--not Wall Street down, the foundation up--helping  struggling families, helping struggling small businesses--Main Street,  not Wall Street--payments that will help put food on the table, keep  the lights turned on, keep the internet turned on, make sure that a  family doesn't suffer eviction.   And strengthen the payments for those who need it most, the  unemployed. Now, we are facing a deadline of March 14--March 14--when  the Federal partnership in supporting the unemployment benefits runs  out. So we must act before that happens.   Those who know the reconciliation process know that it is lightning  fast to do it in a 6-week period, but that is what we must do, and we  must start now. If, in the meantime, the minority decides to abandon  its dedication to obstruction and delay and be full participants in  helping America, then let's get that bill on the floor and go that  path. I am fine with that, but it cannot prevent us from acting.   We were elected to act. The American people support strong, bold,  generous action now to prevent years and years of recession ahead, of  struggling ahead.   These are unprecedented times, and in unprecedented difficult times  we need to think of ourselves as all one community. We need to help and  partner with our States and our counties and our cities and our Tribes.  We need to get them the help they need that has been so fiercely  opposed--help to enable them to do basic education improvements, basic  public safety, making sure that the firefighters and police officers  and teachers are still able to do the work they are called upon to do,  and help those Tribal governments purchase personal protective  equipment and have access to telemedicine services.   There are no blue and red communities when it comes to a national  crisis across this country. When it comes to disease, it affects  people, regardless of which party you belong to or what part of the  country you live in. A bipartisan attack on our health should involve a  bipartisan response in this Chamber, not the obstruction-and-delay  tactics the majority has come to view as their core strategy. It must  end.    When hundreds of mayors wrote to us and said ``We need help; act  now,'' they weren't Democratic mayors; they weren't Republican mayors.  They were bipartisan mayors from all across this country saying: Now is  the time. We need help now.   Yet delay and obstruction was the strategy of the minority. They had  spent all their money, they said, giving tax breaks to the richest  Americans. There is no room to help ordinary working Americans.   That philosophy doesn't belong in a government of, by, and for the  people. If you want a government of, by, and for the powerful, then  find a different Constitution, a different system of government. But  here the people have spoken. They have spoken clearly, and it is our  responsibility to respond.   To those mayors, those bipartisan mayors, across this country: We  hear you, and we stand with you. Let's move promptly and boldly to  address this crisis.   The President has put out a very clear plan that addresses every  significant area that the mayors and community leaders across this  country have said they need help in. Let's be their partner in that  assistance and put America back on its feet.   