 Madam President, I rise with my colleagues on Build Back  Better, and I just want to emphasize two points that really matter to  me.   First, Build Back Better is absolutely critical to combine with the  infrastructure bill. If we make an infrastructure investment that will  be the biggest since the Interstate Highway System, who is going to  build it? Who is going to build it?   Open the paper. You can't hire schoolbus drivers. You can't hire  truckers. We have a tight labor market right now. What Build Back  Better does is massive investments in the American workforce, beginning  with the workforce of tomorrow--our children--all the way up through  community college, workforce development, and immigration reforms that  will expand the Nation's workforce.   If we invest in infrastructure but don't think about making sure that  we have the workforce to do it, what a missed opportunity. The Build  Back Better plan has amazing investments in our workforce--the  workforce we need right now and the workforce we will need for decades.   The second thing about Build Back Better that I particularly  appreciate is what it does for children.   If we pass Build Back Better, we will have done for American children  what Social Security has done for American seniors.   Let me just point something out.   Pre-Social Security, you would work your whole life; you would  educate your kids; you would be the PTA president or the Little League  coach or the Sunday school teacher. You would retire, and 50 percent of  people would retire and then go below the poverty level. That was what  being a senior citizen was in the United States before Social Security.   FDR basically said: We want you to have a dignified retirement  because you have worked, and you have earned it.   So Social Security, once passed and implemented, dropped the senior  poverty rate from 50 percent to 10 percent. There has never been a  program that has been as successful in doing exactly what it was  designed to do as Social Security.   Build Back Better can do the same thing for kids. We are a nation  that has tolerated, for decades, a youth poverty level dramatically  higher than the adult poverty level. What does that say about a  society? Yet we have sort of acted like: Well, I guess that is the law  of nature. I guess we can't do anything about it. I guess kids are just  going to be a lot poorer than adults.   We don't have to tolerate it. We can do something about it with the  combined impact of the child tax credit, the childcare tax credit, the  funding for childcare, universal pre-K, paid parent and family leave,  and free community college. If you put those things together, we will  do for children what Social Security did for adults, and we will no  longer be a nation that tolerates an unacceptably high children's  poverty rate and says: Well, there is nothing we can do about it.   We can do something about it, and we will do something about it. That  is why I so strongly support, with my colleagues, Build Back Better.   I yield back.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my legislative  fellows Stephanie Gibbs, Tara Maher, and Tom Rakus be accorded floor  privileges.   