 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend Mr. Johnson very  much, our conference vice chair, for putting this together today.   Madam Speaker, as we all know, we have the latest crisis under the  Biden administration, known as the supply chain bottlenecks,  particularly at our U.S. ports. We have thousands of ships waiting to  be unloaded with goods that the consumers of the U.S. have purchased.   Now, some of this could be said to have been COVID related due to the  manufacturing delays and disruptions in the U.S. and worldwide. But  that was the reason for shortfalls last year. This situation has been  very much exacerbated by the policies of the Biden administration.   You see, in Q4 of 2020, we had a 4 percent GDP growth, which is  pretty good, and it was followed by 6 percent in Q1 of 2021, which is  very good. Then came along the so-called rescue plan, which every  economist worth anything said was three times too high in taxpayer  dollars. They continued enhanced unemployment supplement under this  plan; spent trillions of taxpayer dollars; extended 100 percent health  insurance through COBRA, a further disincentive to work; and sent  stimulus checks of $5,600 to families of four.   There is something in all of the sciences, Madam Speaker, known as  the law of cause and effect, and the effects of these actions have  included disincentives to work, rampant inflation, heavy consumer  spending, but nobody to make the goods and provide the services.   So since the production in the U.S. is down, all of these products  are now coming from Asia as the thousands of containers waiting off our  coast prove. So the blunders and mistakes being made have caused  overdemand, weak production, and less trucks on the road.   Some in this House call this the economy of the future, the modern  monetary theory. My constituents call it Big Government socialism  versus free market capitalism or just simply economic madness.   But wait. We are not finished. Or they are not finished. Progressives  in this House that, let's be honest, run this House and the White  House, are holding a transportation and infrastructure bill hostage  while doubling down--no, tripling down--no, 3.5 trillion down on all of  the effects of this liberal economic policy. So we will continue with  the disincentives to work; we will continue spending us into oblivion;  and we will add to it taxes on small businesses and families and all  who purchase goods while inflation increases, making American business  less competitive worldwide.   This is why $3.5 trillion in a reconciliation plan must be stopped,  and the American people need to contact their Members because they are  not giving us a seat at the table to negotiate or discuss this  disastrous plan.   