 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  me time.   Madam Speaker, today, the House moves to establish June 19 as the  Juneteenth National Independence Day, a national holiday commemorating  the end of slavery in the United States.   June 19 marks the day Union troops arrived in my district in  Galveston, Texas--I wasn't alive back then, let me get that out there-- in the heart of what is now the 14th Congressional District of Texas,  the Gulf Coast of Texas. Those troops arrived to announce and enforce  the Emancipation Proclamation.   On that day, General Gordon Granger delivered the news of President  Abraham Lincoln's proclamation, which had abolished slavery more than 2  years before, on January 1, 1863. That was his intent. It was the law,  and it should have been done. But we had a ways to go, didn't we, to  abolish slavery? We really did.   The abolition of slavery was a key milestone toward fulfilling our  Founders' promise, underwritten by the self-evident truths of natural  law, that all humans are created equal and should enjoy the same  protections under the law.   Ingrained in Texas culture, my great Texas, this special day has  already been recognized, which the chairwoman eloquently spoke about,  in 47 of the 50 States here in the United States, and it is long  overdue to be recognized as a Federal holiday. I have been working on  it myself for several years with my friends, Sheila Jackson Lee and  John Cornyn, and others.   This year's celebration should be rooted in the works of repair we  have done, still need to do, and will continue to do, Lord willing, as  a country that has endured periods of racial tension, which have tried  to divide our people. Let it not be so.   As President Abraham Lincoln notably quoted from the Bible, he said:  ``A house divided against itself cannot stand.'' Our country can and  should--and, Lord, I will say ``will''--unite beyond the divisions that  we have faced. And this is a long way toward that.   The forces that try to divide our Nation will not prevail as we stand  firm in our identity as Americans. We are a people refined through the  trials of fire and made stronger and stronger than ever.   Juneteenth reminds us of the freedom so bravely defended by many,  many Americans, and it encourages us to remain steadfast in the good  fight against division. It also reminds us we have a ways to go.   ``A house divided cannot stand.'' That is absolutely true. But a  house that is united is unshakeable.   Mr. Speaker, this is a step toward that unification.   