 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I find  this resolution somewhat odd, if I may say so. There are enormous  crises facing our country and the world. The fact that we are spending  time on the floor of the Senate to condemn a proposition or a theory  does not seem to me to be the best way to be spending our time.   And the implication--and I think the Senator from Indiana made this  implication--that the President of the United States is objecting to  raising taxes is simply not factual.   The President has come forward with some very specific tax proposals,  but his proposals are not meeting much support on the other side of the  aisle because he is saying that he doesn't want to raise taxes on  anybody in this country earning less than $400,000 a year, but he does  want to raise taxes on some of the wealthiest people in America and  some of the largest corporations that today may be paying zero in  Federal income tax. And he shares a concern that many of us share and  that Warren Buffet reminds us of, that the effective tax rate for the  billionaire class is actually lower than it is for working families.   The President's view, which I share, is that this Congress must  address the enormous crises facing working families, and that is  rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, making sure that our kids have  quality childcare and pre-K, that we have to address the existential  threat of climate change, and we have to address many of the other  problems facing working families, and one way we do that is demanding  that  [[Page S2480]]  the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.   When we talk about resolutions condemning something--I am not, again,  sure why we are condemning a particular theory--we might be today  thinking about condemning the actions of the Republican Party in the  House of Representatives today. They got rid of a Member of their  leadership for the crime of suggesting that that party should not  maintain a big lie implying that Donald Trump won the election. Shall  we condemn that? I think that is worth condemning.   I think we might want to condemn the fact that we have more income  and wealth inequality today in America than at any time since the  1920s. Let's condemn that. Maybe we want to condemn the fact that every  scientist who has studied the issue tells us that climate change is a  threat to our Nation and the world, and we have done virtually nothing  to lead the world in addressing climate change. Let's condemn that  inaction.   Let's condemn the fact that in the richest country in the history of  the world, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any  major country on Earth. How about condemning that?   Let's condemn the fact, maybe, that half of our people are living  paycheck to paycheck. Let's condemn the fact that we live in a country  which has institutional racism.   We can go on and on. There are a lot of things to condemn, but I  don't know that it is in the best interest of the U.S. Senate to be  condemning a particular economic theory.   You don't like it, argue against it. That is fine. But I don't know  that we have to spend our time condemning it.   So with that, I object.    Madam President, if I could respond?    I am not sure--the Senator from Indiana suggested a  moment ago that the President was not interested in raising taxes, and,  of course, he has a very specific proposal to raise taxes.   And I would suggest to my colleague from Indiana that if we want to  talk about the burden on our kids and on our grandchildren as a result  of the national debt, maybe we should also be discussing the fact that,  under the last administration, a massive tax break was given to the  very wealthiest people in this country and the largest corporations. We  were told that that tax plan would pay for itself, but, in fact, it  will result in almost $2 trillion in additional national debt, and  virtually all of those benefits went to the people on top.   So all that I am saying is, we can argue taxation; we can argue  economic policy; we can argue why we are the only major country on  Earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people; we can argue why we  are paying, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription  drugs; we can argue why we have a political system that allows  billionaires to buy elections--a lot of things that we could be talking  about, but I am not sure that it is in the best interest of the Senate  to be condemning a particular economic idea that some economists have  brought up.    Madam President.    I know of no further debate on the Stroman nomination.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   