 Mr. President, let me start by commending my colleague  from South Dakota, Senator Thune, for his explanation of what is before  us next after the vote that we are about to take, and that will be  getting into the budget resolution leading to a reconciliation package.  And he is absolutely right, these taxes and this high-level spending is  not something that our country can sustain, and I appreciate his  outlining the very specific impacts it would have on the people we  represent.   But this morning, I am also here to talk about how the Senate will do  something very good today prior to getting into the budget resolution.  The Senate is about to make history.   And we have heard over the years--in fact, over the decades--about  the need for us to fix our infrastructure. Every President in modern  times has talked about it--President Bush, President Obama, President  Trump, President Biden. We have talked about it a lot here. There is a  joke around town that infrastructure week has come and gone so many  times that people are a little cynical when we talk about it.   Well, today is infrastructure day. We are actually going to see what  we have been talking about, which is the Senate, on a bipartisan basis,  saying: You know what, it is time to fix our roads and bridges. We can  do so in a responsible way, not by raising taxes on the American  people, but by making important investments in long-term capital assets  that will last for years.   So it is an investment in fixing up our roads, our bridges, our water  systems, our railroads, our ports, our electrical grids, our broadband  network, and expanding that, and more.   We have had a number of procedural votes to get us to this point; and  based on those procedural votes, I think it is clear that we will have  the votes today, on a bipartisan basis, to do this important work. The  Senate will have done its job, and we will have achieved a real lasting  bipartisan victory for the people we represent.   The bill, called the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will  improve the lives of all Americans by making this long-overdue  investment of $548 billion over the next 5 years in new spending to  repair, upgrade, and replace the crumbling infrastructure all of our  constituents rely on every day.   That doesn't mean the money is going to be spent, by the way, over  the next 5 years. It is authorized for that period, but we spend over  the next 5, 10, 15, maybe 20 years on projects all over the country.   We know we need this investment. The American Society of Civil  Engineers gives our American infrastructure a grade of C-minus. They  also project that our economy stands to lose more than $10 trillion in  economic growth in GDP by 2039, should we fail to invest in repairs.   There is an international organization that looks at all the  countries in the world, who says who has got the best infrastructure in  the world and, by the way, we are number 13 or 14 on that list now. So  many countries are ahead of us.   China spends about four times more than we do on infrastructure as a  percent of their GDP. Why? Because they know that will make their  economy more efficient and they want to beat us in the economic fight  that we have globally.   We want to win. That is one reason this is so important.   The American people, by the way, understand the need for this  investment. In two of the more recent polls from CNBC and CBS News, 87  percent of the American people back bipartisan efforts to fix our  roads, our bridges, and our water systems.   We know that this targeted, long-term investment in core  infrastructure is good for the economy. Building out hard assets make  us more competitive in the global economy and will create hundreds of  thousands of good jobs for builders, plumbers, electrical engineers,  coders, and so many other fields.   Economists, including Douglas Holtz-Eakin of the American Action  Forum and Michael Strain of the conservative American Enterprise  Institute, have pointed out that this type of spending on long-term  spending on hard assets does not further inflation but, in fact, is  counterinflationary.   To me, not only does this investment make sense, but, importantly,  what we are doing here today also demonstrates to the American people  that we can get our act together on a bipartisan basis and get  something done. We can do big things on a bipartisan basis if we put  our minds to it.   Again, after years, even decades of talking about the need to do  this, we are finally getting it done.   Is it exactly the bill I would have drafted?   No. It is not exactly the bill any Senator in this Chamber would have  drafted because it represents a true bipartisan effort. Each side made  concessions to find that common ground.   I want to take this opportunity to briefly thank my colleagues who  have gotten us to this point. We spent a lot of long nights and long  days working to write this legislation, and there has been a group of  members who have been particularly committed to it.   One is Shelley Moore Capito, who is on the floor right now. The work  she did with President Biden early on laid the foundation for this. She  is also the ranking member of the EPW Committee that produced some of  the legislation that we incorporated on the surface transportation  front.   But there are so many others. And I would like to start with my  counterpart, the lead negotiator on the other side of the aisle,  Senator Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona. The two of us began meeting more  than 4 months ago to have discussions that would then lay the  foundation for our path forward. And it was in the context of President  Biden having proposed a huge package, $2.65 trillion--so-called  infrastructure package--and we believed we could pull out real  infrastructure from there, take the high taxes out, and get something  done for the American people. I  [[Page S6200]]  commend her for her leadership, for her courage, and for her ability to  keep us on track during some tough times during this process.   From there, it truly became a group effort, particularly among five  Republicans and five Democrats, who spent a lot of long days and nights  negotiating the framework of this legislation. Some of us had worked  together before at the end of the year in putting together the so- called 908 framework for the COVID-19 bill that passed late last year,  that was also bipartisan.   To my friends and colleagues, Senator Susan Collins, Mitt Romney,  Lisa Murkowski, Bill Cassidy, Joe Manchin, Jeanne Shaheen, Mark Warner,  and John Tester, thank you for your efforts these past few months.   I also want to give special thanks to our colleague, Kevin Cramer,  who joined our group late but was instrumental in finalizing this  agreement.   I want to thank the White House and especially Steve Ricchetti and  Brian Deese and Louisa Terrell for their support of this effort and  their commitment to trying to work in a bipartisan way to get it done.   I also want to thank Senator Tom Carper, who just joined us in the  room. Along with Senator Capito, he was the EPW chair. He was the  ranking member that laid much of the foundation for this legislation,  particularly with regards to our roads and our bridges.   I want to thank my other colleagues in the so-called G-22, who helped  in the 22 different working groups that were formed to help put this  legislation together: Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Mike Rounds, Thom  Tillis, Todd Young, Jerry Moran, Chris Coons, Maggie Hassan, John  Hickenlooper, Mark Kelly, Angus King, Jacky Rosen--11 Democrats and 11  Republicans.   And then to my colleagues who voted with us repeatedly to advance  this bill toward final passage and helped us to get to this point by  giving us good input that was incorporated in the legislation--Mike  Crapo, Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley, John Hoeven, Jim Risch, Deb Fischer,  Roger Wicker, John Cornyn, Dan Sullivan--thank you for your input, your  encouragement, and your support.   I want to give a particular thank you to my friend and colleague our  Republican leader, Senator Mitch McConnell. I want to thank him for his  encouragement and his support throughout this process, for sticking his  neck out. I know he is probably the only person who is as happy as I am  in this Chamber to see us move forward with this legislation that will  help us find a long-term solution to a major bridge, the Brent Spence  Bridge that links our home State of Ohio and Kentucky.   I want to thank the committee staffs, who did so much to lay the  groundwork for this legislation. About 73 percent of the pages in this  final 2,700-page legislation are legislation that either passed the  Senate or cleared committees in the Senate in this Congress, and that  is a tribute to the quiet bipartisanship that goes on at the committee  level every day that allows us to get these things done with the  requisite knowledge and expertise.   I also want to thank all of the nonpartisan staff here in the U.S.  Senate for their work as well. I know that over the past few weeks,  especially, the legislative counsel has worked closely with my staff  and the staffs of other offices to help formalize this proposal into  final text before us today. They worked weekends. They worked late  nights.   The same with the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Congressional  Budget Office, they have worked around the clock to get us to this  point.   And the staff here on the floor, they have been here just as early as  we have and stayed just as late as any of us, in fact, later, to ensure  that this could be possible. I thank them.   I also want to thank the more than 100 industry associations, unions,  and trade groups that came forward to endorse this Infrastructure  Investment and Jobs Act. That includes business groups, like the  chamber of commerce, the Business Roundtable, and the National  Association of Manufacturers. It also includes labor groups, like the  AFL-CIO Building Trades Council, the International Brotherhood of  Teamsters, the Laborers International Union of North America.   It also includes supporters from all levels of government, including  the National League of Cities; the U.S. Conference of Mayors, who  endorsed it; the National Governors Association.   It includes more than 30 agricultural groups, including the American  Farm Bureau.   These organizations, and so many others like them, have been critical  to encouraging Members of the Senate to do the right thing.   And, finally, I want to, again, thank my staff and the staffs of all  the Members who worked for months to get this bill to the finish line.  We would not be here without them. There is no question about that.   On a personal staff level, I want to thank Kevin Smith, Sarah Peery,  Avery Pierson, Anne Gordon, Mike Sinacore, Lydia Denis, Adeline Ewing,  Connor Rabb, Connor Hinson, Kalyn Swihart, Matt Lloyd, and our entire  comms team: Angie Youngen and Nate Dehmlow, Stephanie Mertz, and Chris  Mitchell.   On my Homeland and Security Governmental Affairs staff, I want to  thank Pam Thiessen, Amanda Neely, Sam Mulopulos, Cara Mumford, Trey  Hicks, Liam McKenna, Jeff Post, and Emily Benavides.   Again, we wouldn't be standing here and about to have this vote  without them working their hearts out, staying late, getting in early,  and ensuring that every single part of this bill has been looked over  carefully to make sure we got it right.   Everyone involved in this effort can be proud of what this body is  achieving today. The Senate is doing its job. It is doing its job by  helping the American people we represent through a historic investment  in our Nation's infrastructure that will serve the American people for  decades to come.   I yield the floor.   