 Mr. President, I rise in support of the Cyber Incident  Notification Act of 2021.   I am very grateful to be joined by my colleague and friend, the  senior Senator from Maine, because on this topic I am about to  describe, she was way ahead of the curve, as she is on so many issues.  She was so far ahead of the curve as to what we are talking about now,  that if the Congress of the United States had adopted her proposals  back in 2012--back in 2012--we might not be dealing with, literally,  the catastrophic effects of cyber security incidents. We didn't, and  that is why we are putting forward the Cyber Incident Notification Act  of 2021.   It seems like, every day, Americans wake up to the news of another  ransomware attack or cyber intrusion. The SolarWinds breach, which we  learned about last December, resulted in the compromise of hundreds of  Federal Agencies and private companies. The truth was, as we  discovered, the bad guys actually got into 18,000 companies in the  SolarWinds hack. Similarly, the ransomware attack on the Colonial  Pipeline this past May resulted in gasoline and fuel shortages and  price spikes across the entire eastern seaboard, demonstrating how  broad  [[Page S5033]]  the ripple effects of these attacks can be.   The truth is these attacks can affect hundreds or even thousands of  entities connected to the initial target. Earlier this week, the United  States and allied governments publicly accused China's government of  conducting an extensive hacking campaign on Microsoft's email systems,  which again compromised tens of thousands of computers worldwide,  including those used by some of the world's largest companies,  contractors, and governments.   These events are finally the wake-up call that Senator Collins  predicted a decade ago, a wake-up call for many of us in Washington,  and even for those individuals who sit on these companies' boards that  have to understand now the threats and capabilities possessed by our  adversaries. These events also reveal major gaps in our Nation's effort  to combat and contain cyber threats with insufficient communication  between the private and public sectors.   These attacks and hacks demonstrate that our IT and critical  infrastructure--much of it operated, appropriately, by the private  sector--are under constant daily attack. They also demonstrate that we  need to get better insight into cyber incidents as they happen--mid- incident--so that the U.S. Government can bring to bear its most  effective capabilities and respond rapidly to protect our critical  infrastructure systems.   We saw that recently when the FBI and the Department of Justice were  able to claw back some of the ransomware from the Colonial Pipeline  attack. With the Colonial Pipeline, what happened was we had a  responsible private sector company that notified the government,  FireEye, but we cannot rely upon the good will of private entities to  individually, case by case, decide whether they tell the government. We  need quicker and more comprehensive notification. In a sense, when an  entity is being attacked, if that sector is being attacked, we can then  notify other companies in that sector in realtime.   The truth is we should have done this much earlier. In fact,  SolarWinds showed us that, when it comes to wide-scale breaches of U.S.  networks, nobody is responsible for collecting information on the scope  and scale of these attacks. This is alarming because this information  allows us to develop a full picture of what was targeted and taken,  what was at risk, and the type of techniques and tactics used by our  adversaries.   These are all issues of critical national security, but as Senator  Collins knows, under current law, there is no Federal mandate that  companies disclose when they have been breached, even if they operate  critical infrastructure. Rather, there is the hodgepodge of guidelines,  depending on the industry, which, as we have seen, at least some  companies then use as an excuse not to report or literally to create a  whole set of legal gymnastics to avoid any level of disclosure.  Unfortunately, this leaves our Nation vulnerable to criminal and state- sponsored hacking activity.   The bottom line is we cannot just rely on voluntary reporting to  protect our critical infrastructure. We need a routine reporting  requirement so that vital sectors of our economy that are affected by a  cyber breach can have the full resources of the Federal Government and  so that the private sector can be mobilized to respond to and fight off  these attacks.   That is why I have been very proud to work not only with Senator  Collins but also the vice chair of the Intelligence Committee, Senator  Rubio, and, in total, 15 of our colleagues, bipartisan, mostly all from  the Intel Committee but also the chairman of the Defense Appropriations  Committee and the chairman--on SASC--of the Cyber Committee, to  introduce legislation this week that would require Federal Agencies,  government contractors, and the owners and operators of critical  infrastructure to report cyber intrusions within 24 hours of their  discovery.   The purpose of this legislation is to ensure that the Federal  Government is aware of and can take immediate action to mitigate cyber  intrusions that have the impact to affect our national security. Part  of that notification will be not just to let the government know but to  let others in the private sector know as well. Consequently, the  bipartisan Cybersecurity Incident Notification Act of 2021 would  require covered entities to notify the Department of Homeland  Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, or CISA,  when a breach is detected so that the U.S. Government can mobilize to  protect critical industries across our country. These covered entities  include healthcare, transportation, financial services, agriculture,  energy, and information technology sectors   Now, the executive branch should have the flexibility to respond to  shifting threats. The bill leaves some discretion for this and future  administrations to determine whether other entities or classes of  entities should be included at a later date.   To incentivize this information sharing to take place, the bill would  grant limited immunity and confidentiality to companies that come  forward to report a breach. It would also include data protection  procedures to anonymize personally identifiable information and to,  again, safeguard privacy.   These are not liability protections that would shield network  operators, though, from negligence or misconduct. Rather, they would  help prevent companies that come forward under this legislation from  facing reputational risk just for reporting this vital information to  the government.   Ultimately, I see this kind of notification as providing value, as I  said, to the private sector as well so that we may have this common  defense. There is no way we can solve this problem with government  alone or with the private sector alone. There should not only be a  rapid public notification but, in appropriate cases, swift government  action.   Ultimately, we need to recognize that the threat landscape has  fundamentally changed from even a few years ago. A few years ago,  Senator Collins had this approach, and I think the private sector was  concerned about undue mandates. The world has changed, and even many of  the business organizations now agree that, as long as we grant that  limited immunity and confidentiality, we need to put this reporting  mechanism in place so that the public sector and the private sector can  respond.   The truth is there are literally terabytes of sensitive data out  there, including intellectual property, personal information, contract  details, and others that could be exploited. For that matter, what if  the SolarWinds attack had not been one of exploiting and taking out  information but had actually been a denial-of-service attack, which we  saw with Russia taking place against Ukraine a number of years back?  That could have taken place with SolarWinds and completely shut down  our economy, and we have all seen recently a dramatic upsurge in  ransomware.   The truth is every company and virtually every part of government is  under daily attack from these cyber criminals and, in some cases, from  foreign intelligence services. The Federal Government must have the  expertise and the willingness to share this information in realtime to  make sure that we can counter this. I think this is a sensible first  step in finally putting in place the kind of broad-based cyber strategy  our country needs. So I urge my colleagues to join the 15 of us and  pass the Cyber Incident Notification Act of 2021.   Again, I note my friend, the Senator from Maine, is here. We have  been spending a lot of time together, but I really appreciate her lead  sponsorship of this legislation.   I will say it on the floor of the Senate, as I have said in so many  private settings over the last number of weeks on some other things, if  we had just listened earlier to the Senator from Maine, we would have  been in a lot better shape today in this country.   With that, I yield to my colleague, the Senator from Maine.   