 Madam President, the bill before the Senate this week is not  really about COVID relief; it is about politics. Before this, COVID  relief has not been a terribly partisan issue. In fact, we have passed  5 relief bills, each with at least 90 votes. That means they are  overwhelmingly broad-based and bipartisan efforts. So if this one were  to pass, it would be the first of those to have passed that has been  highly controversial. Why? Because, in the first place, it borrows and  spends another $1.9 trillion when there are still hundreds of billions  of dollars of unspent relief money from past COVID-19 relief packages.  The new spending authorizes money to go to projects in States and local  governments, including many that may not even need it.   The fight against the pandemic has, of course, fundamentally changed  in the months since this plan was first devised and proposed. It is  already outdated. Now, as we are here, into the month of March, the  circumstances have changed, yet the plan remains largely the same as it  was. So it feels a little bit, to me, like we are fighting the last war  using the last war's battle plan, leaving us unprepared for the battle  actually in front of us.   This is a bill that will worsen our national debt and weaken our  economy in the long run without even doing much to help small  businesses and American families in the short term.   This is not without consequence. In fact, as the book by Drs.  Reinhart and Rogoff, published nearly 10 years ago--a book known as  ``This Time Is Different''--notes, once we get into this cycle, once we  get accustomed to spending this much and acquiring this much of a debt- to-GDP ratio, we find ourselves in dire circumstances--circumstances in  which it is even more difficult to raise the same revenue based on the  same tax structure or even while tweaking that tax structure, it can be  very difficult to pull out of the tailspin that could be produced when  we start spending in sums this large and perpetuating a debt-to-GDP  ratio that is, frankly, unsustainable.   This $1.9 trillion package has very, very little to do with COVID-19.  In fact, only 1 percent of the spending in this bill will go toward  accelerating vaccine distribution; just 5 percent is focused on public  health. Instead, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal  Budget, three times as much money will go toward partisan priorities  that are ``not directly related to the current crisis.''   What are some of the examples of this type of spending? Well, we have  $1.5 billion more set aside for Amtrak, which is itself already sitting  on $1 billion of unspent bailout money. What this has to do with the  virus and why the virus somehow justifies giving them an additional  $1.5 billion when they are already sitting on $1 billion of still  unspent bailout money is beyond my comprehension. There is $50 million  in funding for environmental justice projects, also difficult to  connect that up to COVID; $200 million for the Institute of Museum and  Library Services; $135 million for the National Endowment for the Arts;  $135 million for the National Endowment for the Humanities; $86 billion  in a pension bailout for private sector workers.   The list goes on and on, but you get the idea. You get money that  goes to projects, as well as a significant amount to State and local  governments. We will get back to that in a moment. When there is as  much as $63 billion leftover in unspent funds, this money will not  necessarily even help schools to reopen.   And $350 billion in aid goes to State and local governments, even  though total losses to date have mostly been covered by the $360  billion that Congress has already provided in aid for State and local  governments over the last year. While there is some disparity among and  between the States and how they have responded to the COVID pandemic  and how they fared as far as their revenues, State and local revenue  has mostly recovered, and while 26 States saw general revenue decline,  21 States actually saw revenue gains. In fact, my home State of Utah,  as well as some other States, is running surpluses. Utah's sacrifice  and good governance should not go to bail out other profligate States  to the tune of $350 billion.   I think about hard-working moms and dads in Utah, struggling to make  ends meet while paying their Federal and State taxes. They are told  over and over and over again that they have to be giving more. They are  told that what they have spent and the time they have allotted--weeks  or months out of every year just to pay their Federal tax alone--still  somehow isn't enough, isn't nearly enough because, in addition to the  money that they have worked so hard to earn and give to the Federal  Government, there is so much more that has to be spent, like $1.5  billion going to Amtrak, even though it is already sitting on $1  billion of unspent bailout relief.   These same moms and dads throughout Utah are not pleased when they  are made to understand that, in addition to bailing out Amtrak again  when Amtrak is already sitting on this $1 billion in unspent bailout  relief money, they are also going to have to bail out other States;  they are going to have to bail out State and local governments that  haven't been managed well, as Utah's government has. This isn't fair to  them. This is a matter of fundamental fairness to them and to countless  Americans, not only in Utah but in every State.   Some States still have unspent funding that they have gotten from  previous COVID relief packages. California alone has $8 billion in  unspent funding, and New York has up to $5 billion. In this bill, we  are acting like States are facing a fiscal catastrophe that is  specifically from COVID when they are not.   At the same time, we are acting like the unprecedented magnitude of  Federal debt is a nonissue. It is not. We have got this situation  exactly backward.   Look, any new relief funding just needs to be targeted, and it needs  to be temporary, and it needs to be directly tied to COVID relief. This  package is, instead, about fulfilling the political wish list of one  political party over another and has very little, if anything, to do  with the pandemic. It is offensive, and, yes, it is inappropriate for  one political party--the political party that clings to the narrowest  of margins of a majority in this body--to push its own political wish  list onto an opportunity to provide COVID relief for the American  people, and it would be equally inappropriate for Republicans to use it  as an opportunity to push their own wish list.   Look, we haven't seen this before. We haven't seen anything like this  before. We didn't, in the past, see any of the previous COVID relief  packages pushed through reconciliation. There are a number of reasons  for that, one of which was it is wrong. It is not an appropriate use of  reconciliation. Another was, it wasn't necessary because we made it  bipartisan, not just mildly bipartisan with a few straggler votes here  or there but overwhelmingly so.  [[Page S1016]]    This one is different. I am not opposed to discussing what role  government should play in providing actual relief from the pandemic. We  can and should have that debate. I welcome it. I would love to have it  right now. In fact, that is a question that I think merits its own  debate. This bill is not about that, not anything close to that. It is  riddled with poor economic reasoning and rank political favoritism. It  will only worsen our debt and our economic health in the long run. It  doesn't help America's small businesses and families in the short run.  It doesn't do anything to materially advance the cause of getting our  children back to school at a time when they have suffered so greatly,  not only academically but socially and in so many other ways. That is  where we ought to be focused.   This bill comes nowhere close to addressing that issue, and, instead,  it directs itself in other directions that are not only helpful, but in  many cases they are the opposite of that.   It is sad. It is disappointing. And on that basis, I can't support  this bill but would urge my colleagues to figure out ways to make it  better. We don't have to do it this way. It doesn't have to be a deeply  partisan vote. We can still choose a different path. I, for one, hope  we will.   