 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 667, I call  up the bill (H.R. 3755) to protect a person's ability to determine  whether to continue or end a pregnancy, and to protect a health care  provider's ability to provide abortion services, and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H.R. 3755.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3755, the  Women's Health Protection Act of 2021. The need to pass this  legislation grows more urgent every day as anti-abortion extremists  continue to pass harmful State laws that are intended to restrict  access to reproductive healthcare and turn back the clock on the  constitutionally protected right to abortion.   While the courts seem willing to chip away at decades of clear  precedent guaranteeing the right for women to make their own healthcare  decisions, it is vital we act to protect this right and enshrine it in  Federal law.   This legislation simply ensures that no matter where they live,  patients can access abortion services, and healthcare providers can  provide this care without medically unnecessary and burdensome  restrictions. And now is the time to pass this legislation and ensure  women's healthcare rights are enshrined in Federal law.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation today, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Eshoo), the chairwoman of our Health Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Jeffries), the chairman of the Democratic Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Nadler), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), the Assistant Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu), the prime sponsor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Colorado (Ms. DeGette), the chairwoman of our Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky), who chairs our Consumer Protection and  Commerce Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), our Democratic majority leader.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Miss Rice).   Miss RICE of New York. Madam Speaker, the extreme abortion ban in  Texas makes it clear: We need a Federal law that protects the right to  abortion.   The Texas ban is not the first to attempt to eliminate abortion  access across this country, and it will not be the last.   Every year the attacks on reproductive health get worse, and we know  these attacks are not about the sanctity of life. If they were,  Republicans would be wearing masks, they would be promoting the  vaccine, and they would be championing our childcare policies that have  lifted millions of children out of poverty. We know what the true  agenda is: It is about controlling women and taking away their God- given right to make decisions about their own body.   As the Supreme Court prepares to consider a case that will directly  challenge Roe v. Wade, Congress needs to take action.   Now is the time to pass the Women's Health Protection Act and protect  abortion access for every single person across this country.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Schrier).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan).    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Mrs. Fletcher).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), chair of the House Committee  on Oversight and Reform.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Speier).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Washington (Ms. DelBene).   