 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today I want to discuss an unfortunate  trend that has grown over the last year.   Since March of 2020, the United States has been battling COVID-19. We  have lost over half a million Americans because of the virus. But I am  talking about another tragedy today, and that is the tragedy that I  call ``war on the cops.''   Two months after the pandemic hit and sparked by the death of George  Floyd, cities all across the country broke out into violent riots. Much  of that violence has been directed at law enforcement, and it has taken  a very serious toll.   During the 2020 riots, more than 900 law enforcement officers were  injured, including 277 officer injuries while defending the Federal  courthouse in Portland and 60 Secret Service officers defending the  White House. In September, a gunman ambushed two Los Angeles sheriff  police deputies as they sat in their squad car. In January 2020, a  violent mob attacked police defending the Capitol. Just last month, a  young man killed a Capitol Police officer performing his duties.   Police across the country are suffering from demoralization and  fatigue. By the end of last summer, police officers were quitting the  force in large numbers. Last August, 49 officers retired from the  Portland Police Bureau in Oregon. That is more than it lost in all of  2019. By the end of last summer, 140 officers had quit the Atlanta  Police Department by that point in the year. That number had been only  80 in the previous year. In Washington, DC, over 300 officers have quit  since last June. Only half of those were retirements; the other half  just walked away.   We must consider, what does that mean for the crime in these cities?  In Portland, murders increased 60 percent in 2020 from the year before.  Arsons were up 95 percent. In Atlanta, murders were up 62 percent in  2020 from the year before. Aggravated assault was up by 15 percent. In  Washington, DC, here, murders were up 22 percent in 2020 from the year  before. So far this year, murders are up even more--33 percent so far  in 2021 compared to this point last year. Professor Paul Cassell at the  University of Utah estimates that reduced policing in dangerous  neighborhoods last year caused an additional 1,200 homicides in  America's largest cities.   But the problem isn't just with keeping police officers on the force;  there is also a problem with getting new ones as well, including in my  State of Iowa. Recently, the Des Moines Police Department reported it  had received half the applications it did last year. At the county  level, the Polk County Sheriff's Office usually gets hundreds of  applications for deputy vacancies but recently got only 50  applications. The Council Bluffs Police Department told me at one of my  recent county meetings that it was having the same recruiting  difficulties.   This is a problem that police departments are having all over the  country, with hundreds of vacancies across cities like Louisville, New  York, Philadelphia, and Portland. How could this be? Well, for the last  year, there has been a lot of hatred and vitriol directed at the  police. If a police officer uses excessive force, he or she should  suffer the consequences, but it often seems like our national media  would have us believe that any use of force by police is unjustified.  [[Page S2406]]    Even Members of Congress sometimes join this sort of demagoguery. A  month ago, Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib tweeted, ``No more policing,  incarceration, and militarization. It can't be reformed.'' Back in  January, Congresswoman Cori Bush tweeted, ``Defunding the police isn't  radical, it's real.'' This sort of talk is dangerous for people in  neighborhoods that depend heavily on police officers to keep them safe.   Law enforcement officers have to make split-second decisions that  could be the difference of life or death for themselves or someone they  are trying to protect. That is what we train them to do. Sadly, we  sometimes need them to use force in order to keep the rest of us safe.   Now, we are used to seeing videos on the internet of police officers  using deadly force. But if you want to see really good policing in  action, I would suggest people look at another video. It is on the  internet. Just do a simple search of ``Los Angeles deputy Mercedes  Benz.'' You will come across a video of a Los Angeles sheriff's deputy  doing a routine traffic stop of a driver who had been using her phone  while behind the wheel. In this video, the driver calls the deputy a  ``murderer'' and then mocks him for being Hispanic and taunts him for  supposedly wishing he were White. That video will make your stomach  turn. But throughout the video, the deputy is courteous and  professional. I suspect nearly all enforcement officers conduct  themselves and their work in that way. They have a very hard job to do  and deal with people who often don't want to deal with the police. Most  of them do that job very professionally and respectfully.   I worry that because of the threat of violence, the condemnation by  the media, and daily abuses like this one, more and more police  officers won't want to do the job anymore. And I worry that more and  more young adults won't want to start careers in law enforcement. We  need more qualified people who want to be police officers, not fewer.   We can't keep up like this. We can't keep scaring away our police  officers while telling the next generations of Americans that cops are  evil. They are not evil. They are our friends and neighbors who make a  career out of keeping us safe. When the outside world becomes a  dangerous place, they show up and we expect them to show up.   The outside world is not going to stop being a dangerous place. Let's  make sure cops don't stop showing up. Let's end the war on cops.   