 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the National Defense  Authorization Act. I commend Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Rogers  [[Page H4799]]  for their bipartisan cooperation in bringing the bill to the floor. I  also want to thank Ranking Member Banks and former Ranking Member  Stefanik for their bipartisan collaboration this year. I would also  like to thank the members of the Cyber, Innovative Technologies, and  Information Systems Subcommittee for their hard work, particularly Vice  Chair Houlahan.   Thanks to the work of my subcommittee, this legislation harnesses  cutting-edge technology to benefit our warfighters and our national  security. This legislation includes a 36 percent increase in defense- wide basic and applied research and development and significant  increases for historically Black colleges and universities.   This bill also includes many provisions recommended by the National  Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence, which I offered as a  package of amendments during our committee markup. We are taking  important steps in addressing the promises and challenges of this  powerful technology, and I am thankful for the commission cochairs,  Secretary Bob Work and Dr. Eric Schmidt, and members of that committee  as well for their service.   The NDAA builds off the important work of the Cyberspace Solarium  Commission by establishing the Joint Collaborative Environment at the  Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, called CISA. This  program, which will live at the newly established Joint Cyber Defense  Collaborative, or JCDC, will facilitate public-private cooperation in  analyzing cyber threats.   Beyond the CITI provisions, the NDAA fully funds the Virginia-class  and Columbia-class submarine programs which are crucial to our  deterrence posture against China. I am so proud to represent the Rhode  Islanders who construct these amazing vessels and do their part in  keeping us safe.   I am also proud of the reforms we made to the Uniform Code of  Military Justice to address sexual assault and extremism and of our  efforts to defend our military infrastructure against climate change.  These achievements would not be possible, of course, without the work  of my subcommittee staff: staff lead Michael Hermann; Bess Dopkeen,  Troy Nienberg, and Josh Stiefel.    I also thank minority staff, Sarah Moxley. Our clerk,  Caroline Kehrli, is departing the subcommittee, and her work has been  incredibly invaluable. My legislative director, Caroline Goodson, and  military fellow, Juliann Hitt, also made significant contributions to  the bill.   Madam Speaker, Chairman Smith has, once again, done a masterful job  leading us through this process, and I urge all of my colleagues to  support the NDAA.   