 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I rise in support of Representative Kim's Microloan Improvement Act.  I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this important legislation.   Access to financial capital is essential to the success of America's  small businesses and their entrepreneurs. This bipartisan bill is  straightforward and effective. It increases the number of nonprofit  community-based lenders that can offer loans through the SBA's  microloan program.   Representative Kim's bill works in tandem with the Microloan  Transparency and Accountability Act, my small business legislation that  we will debate shortly, to expand access to financial resources that  will help our aspiring small business owners and entrepreneurs chase  down the American Dream.  [[Page H1767]]    I encourage my colleagues to support this important bipartisan  legislation.    Madam Speaker, the Microloan Transparency and  Accountability Act is important bipartisan legislation that gives all  entrepreneurs fair access to the Small Business Administration's  microloan program.   As a former small business owner, I know accessible financial  resources are important for growth, innovation, and success. Working  folks have to jump on the first horse that comes down the pike, as my  dad used to say, or need to dip into personal savings, like I did.  Wealthy folks have family assets. Inner cities and rural Appalachia  don't have those same opportunities, Madam Speaker. These are  hardworking Americans just looking to get their foot in the door and to  have a fair shot.   This legislation aims to boost rural small business participation in  the SBA microloan program by requiring the Small Business  Administration to submit to Congress a financial analysis of the  microloan program. This ensures Federal microloans are targeted toward  rural areas, not just large urban centers, and creates important  oversight that reduces fraud and government waste.   These fixes will allow America's entrepreneurs, regardless of  background or location, to have easier access to capital that helps  them reach their goals.   I am proud to partner with Representatives   Andy Kim, Scott  Fitzgerald, and Marie Newman on this legislation that will make a  difference for east Tennessee's mom-and-pop shops and small businesses  across our great country.    