 Mr. President, first, I would like to congratulate my  colleague from Wyoming for his thoughtful remarks. I mean, he is  absolutely right. This is not the time for us to be raising taxes.   It is tax day coming up next week, and Senator Ernst of Iowa put  together this colloquy to focus us all on that issue and the fact that  here we are coming onto tax day, yet there are proposals out there  saying you are not paying enough tax. So all of you who think you are  paying too much tax, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and  the administration would like to increase those taxes substantially.   It is going to really hurt our economy and hurt workers. That is my  big concern about this proposal in this so-called infrastructure  package. Our economy is kind of limping along still, in part, because  we have spent so much in stimulus that it has overheated the economy,  and you can see the inflation that is hitting us. You can see it in the  gas prices when you go to the pump or food costs or, if you are trying  to buy lumber these days, check out the cost.   On the one hand, Democrats are encouraging more inflation through  stimulation that really wasn't needed based on what we had learned from  the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office--and that has overheated  the economy--and, by the way, as former Secretary of the Treasury Larry  Summers predicted. This was in a Democratic administration, two of  them.   I am concerned about the spending, but then to pay for the spending,  these tax cuts are really a mistake. What I would like to do is go back  to the economy we had before COVID. That economy was really helping  everyone. It was an inclusive economy.   Two years ago, just before COVID, we had significant economic growth,  which most people know about. What folks might not know about February  a year ago, just before COVID hit, it was the 19th straight month of  wage growth of 3 percent or more on an annual  [[Page S2472]]  basis. Think about that, 3 percent or more wage growth. We haven't had  that in Ohio, my home State, in a long time, perhaps a decade and a  half.   That kind of wage growth was primarily focused on lower income and  middle-income workers, so the benefit wasn't just to the companies and  the people at the high end. The benefit was primarily to those who were  at the lower end of the economic scale.   We had a study by the Congressional Budget Office, as we looked to  these corporate tax cuts that were made in 2017, and they said that 70  percent of the benefit was going to go to workers in terms of higher  wages and better benefits. That is exactly what happened. I think they  were right. We tied the 50-year low in unemployment at 3.5 percent. We  also had historically low unemployment for some groups--Hispanics,  Blacks, Asian Americans.   In fact, before the pandemic, we reached the lowest poverty rate we  ever had in this country. We started keeping track of it back in the  1950s, the late fifties. We had the lowest poverty rate going into the  pandemic than we had ever had. You probably haven't heard that much  because it wasn't reported much. Again, it was not just a growth  economy; it was an inclusive economy.   Importantly, the tax reform that was put in place in 2017 didn't just  help stimulate this kind of inclusive growth but also stopped these  companies in America from going overseas. I remember this word  ``inversion.'' The companies were literally inverting, meaning they  were switching and becoming foreign companies to get out from under our  Tax Code. We have two big companies in Ohio that did this. Probably  some companies in your State did too.   We were losing jobs and losing investments because they went overseas  and took the investments with them. This was not a good situation for  American workers.   In addition, there was a lockout effect while companies were saying:  I am not going to bring my cash home because it costs me too much. I  will keep it overseas and invest it over there.   So $1.6 trillion from overseas earnings came back to our company  after the 2017 tax reforms because we changed the way we taxed  internationally, and companies no longer had this incentive to keep  their money overseas--$1.6 trillion.   As a result of the 2017 changes, the largest U.S. companies increased  their domestic research and development spending by 25 percent to $707  billion. They increased their capital expenditures by 20 percent to  $1.4 trillion. Before the pandemic, we had a good economy, but,  importantly to me, it was an opportunity economy, creating jobs and  increasing wages right here at home. All that progress could be thrown  away through the tax increases that are being proposed.   The centerpiece of the Biden plan is corporate tax increases that  would raise the combined Federal and State corporate rate from an  average of 25.8 percent. That is the 21-percent Federal rate plus the  average of the State income tax for corporations. Twenty-one percent,  by the way, is above the average of the OECD, the developed countries  in the world. When we put it in place back in 2017, we did it at 21  percent, specifically, to get right at the average so we wouldn't be  noncompetitive. We would be able to compete and win.   Since then, other countries have come below us, so we are actually  above the average now. Yet the Biden administration would like to take  this rate from 21 up to 28, but when you add the State and local, you  know, the State taxes, it is to 32.8 percent. Again, it would put  America, of course, as having the highest corporate tax rate in the  entire world. It gives us a much higher tax rate than many of our  competitors like China. Why would we want to do that?   Based on analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation, these combined  corporate tax hikes are actually five times as big as the corresponding  tax cuts were in 2017. Let me repeat that because it is fascinating.  Democrats are proposing, they say, to get rid of the 2017 tax cuts, but  that is not what they are doing. They are actually proposing going back  and adding five times more tax increases than were cut   The Joint Committee on Taxation--again, a nonpartisan group--says the  tax cuts were about $300 billion over 10 years, and the proposed tax  increases are about $1.5 trillion. That just makes no sense for our  workers. Again, CBO has said 70 percent of the benefit went to workers.  Who is going to get hurt by doing this? The workers.   The Biden plan also eliminates what is called the FDII, or the  foreign-derived intangible income provision. That is the one that  incentivized U.S. companies to bring their intellectual property back  here. We wanted that. We did it on purpose. The companies that did that  brought all their IP back here, including Google, Cisco, Qualcomm,  Synopsys, and Facebook--some pretty big companies and a lot of others.  We wanted them to bring that valuable IP back here, and they did  because it creates high-paying, high-skilled jobs here at home. Why  would we want to stop that? That was the carrot to bring it back.   It also makes it more costly for U.S. companies to operate outside  the United States, again, punishing American workers who have jobs here  that support international sales. Studies by the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office have shown, again, it is workers who will  bear the brunt of that. This is what many seem to miss. When we talk  about how this proposal makes us less competitive, we are really saying  that it makes American workers less competitive. It ties their hands  behind their backs.   In Ohio--this is one example--we have Procter and Gamble. Procter and  Gamble makes a lot of diapers and a lot of other products. It is not  cost-effective for them to make diapers here and ship them overseas so  they have diaper plants overseas. That is the only way they can be  competitive. These tax increases would punish companies like that if  they are to do business overseas, even though they are creating jobs  here in America by doing that. There are about 13,000 people who work  for Procter and Gamble in Southwest Ohio, where I live. Forty percent  of them have their jobs because of international sales. You are talking  about losing thousands of jobs in America if they can't be competitive  globally.   We want our American companies to be competitive globally, at least  we should. These tax hikes are going to hurt our competitiveness and  put domestic jobs at risk.   By the way, the Biden administration knows all this is going to  happen. They know that increasing the corporate rate is going to make  us noncompetitive. Taxing international overseas earnings, taxing  companies more that want to bring their IP back will make us less  competitive. We know this because when Secretary of the Treasury Janet  Yellen announced these proposals, she said: Help us, other countries in  the world. Raise your taxes, too, to make it a ``more level playing  field.'' It is a plea by America to other countries, saying: Please  raise your taxes, too, so we can all be in this together. Other  countries aren't going to do that. Again, they actually lowered their  taxes since 2017, on average.   By the way, it is interesting. The Irish Finance Minister said right  after that, when he was asked at a press conference ``Are you going to  raise your taxes?'' he said ``No, we want to be competitive. We want to  bring jobs.'' Of course, they want to bring jobs to their countries.  Other countries are looking at us and saying: Wow. America is just  going to show the white flag and allow us to now beat them in terms of  this global competition that is out there.   That is the real world. It may sound good to raise taxes on business,  but it is going to hurt workers, and it is going to make us  noncompetitive. I really hope the Biden administration is not  successful in this effort. I don't want to see the workers hurt whom I  represent in Ohio. I want to see us get back to that economy wherein we  had not just low employment but rising wages and low poverty rates--the  kind of inclusive economy we should all want.   There are all sorts of other issues here, and I know my colleague  from Iowa is probably going to talk about some of those, like the  estate tax and the capital gains tax. I mean, there are all sorts of  things that are being talked about. Yet, in this first package of  infrastructure, just the corporate taxes  [[Page S2473]]  alone are going to be so damaging to our economy. Instead of pursuing  these kinds of partisan tax hikes, let's focus on getting back to where  we were pre-COVID--back to that strong job and wage growth and back to  that competitive opportunity economy.   I yield the floor.   