 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Florida, a former  mayor, for yielding. I am a former mayor myself.   Mr. Speaker, every single action that the Chinese Communist Party  takes leaves me with no doubt that they are not friends of ours. For  years, Beijing has stolen American intelligence, technology, and  intellectual property in their relentless pursuit to supersede us as  the number one superpower in the world.   So it should come as no surprise to anyone that more than a year  after COVID-19 magically manifested itself and escaped China and took  the world by storm, killing millions, we are still asking ourselves:  How did it happen? Is there something that China is not telling us?   The simple answer is yes, there is plenty that the CCP is not telling  us. We can't even begin to solve the question of how this happened  until we start a formal investigation.   Unfortunately, it is not just the CCP who refuses to allow a  transparent and thorough investigation into the pandemic's origins. It  is also my colleagues across the aisle. After all, secrecy and  diversion seem to be a standard practice for both the Democrat Party  and Beijing.   Why are the Democrats refusing to allocate resources so that we can  solve the problems and questions surrounding something this major?   They are perfectly happy to spend $1.9 billion of Americans' hard- earned tax dollars for security upgrades to the Capitol complex due to  the events of January 6, where one person died, but cannot be bothered  to spend a dime to investigate how 600,000 Americans died.   There is mounting evidence that the COVID-19 pandemic started in a  Chinese laboratory and that the Chinese Communist Party covered it up.   Don't the more than 33 million Americans who have been infected with  COVID and the loved ones of the more than 600,000 Americans who passed  away from it deserve an explanation?   To blindly just believe that this global pandemic started from a bat  in a wet market in the very same city where genetic analyses of  coronaviruses are done at the Wuhan Institute of Virology without doing  any sort of an investigation is a dereliction of our duty. It is  inexcusable and downright ignorant.   This administration and this Congress must hold the Chinese Communist  Party's feet to the fire and give us some answers. We deserve the  truth.   