 Mr. President, this morning, the Senate Judiciary  Committee had a hearing to discuss two of our Democratic colleagues'  biggest headaches: the Supreme Court of the United States and State  laws that protect the right to life.   This wasn't the first time we have seen an attack on both waged by  Members of the Senate. Last year, the majority leader, Senator Schumer,  walked across the street to the Supreme Court and threatened two  Supreme Court Justices by name based on an abortion case that they were  considering.   Sadly, it seems that our Democratic colleagues have simply given up  when it comes to protecting innocent life. In 2020, February 2020, the  Senate voted on a bill that would outlaw elective abortions after 20  weeks, when science tells us that a fetus can actually feel pain. Had  this bill become law, it would have put U.S. domestic policy in line  with that of most of the rest of the world.   Unfortunately, we happen to be in a small category, including North  Korea and communist China, when it comes to the ability to get an  abortion well into the period of gestation, including up to late-term  abortions. As it stands today, the United States is currently one of  only seven countries to allow elective abortions after 20 weeks. As I  said, those seven countries include the Communist Party China and North  Korea. But our Democratic colleagues filibustered that bill too.   Then came one more opportunity to protect the most vulnerable among  us. The Senate voted on legislation requiring doctors to provide  lifesaving care to infants who survive abortions, just like any other  newborn child would receive. That sounds like common sense, right?  Well, if you ask the American people, they say yes. More than three- quarters of the American people, when it comes to polling, said they  support providing medical treatment for babies who survive abortions.  But there are no Federal laws requiring healthcare providers to care  for these children just as they would any other infant in their care.  And, yes, you guessed it--Democrats blocked that bill too.   The attack on innocent life has been years in the making, but we have  never seen anything quite like the latest endeavor that has come from  the House of Representatives. The so-called Women's Health Protection  Act is actually ``Nancy Pelosi's Abortion Protection Act.''   This isn't just about messaging. The Senate version of the bill is  cosponsored by all but two of our Democratic colleagues. Clearly, the  provisions included in this bill don't represent the beliefs of just  some small subset of the Democratic Party. Apparently, it is mainstream  within the Democratic Party.   But it is clear that this is a no-holds-barred attack on the right to  life. One of the most outrageous and unprecedented aspects of the bill  is it limits State laws limiting abortion even after viability. This  goes far beyond where the Supreme Court went in Roe v. Wade. It also  undermines another landmark abortion case, Planned Parenthood v. Casey.  In Casey, the Supreme Court abandoned the trimester framework of Roe,  replacing it with a viability standard to determine a State law's  constitutionality. Even the author of Roe v. Wade and of Casey agreed  that this viability standard was largely arbitrary. But this decision  came in 1992, when a baby was considered viable after 23 or 24 weeks.  But the marvels of modern medicine continue to challenge this estimate.  Last June, a baby was born at 21 weeks and 2 days, and this past  summer, he celebrated his first birthday.   The extreme legislation attacking the right to life coming out of the  House and now embraced by Senate Democrats would undercut the Supreme  Court's ruling in Casey v. Planned Parenthood and would invalidate  State laws that limit abortions after 20 weeks, which is now the  consensus period of viability.   A number of States have passed laws to restrict access for different  gestational periods--for example, in Massachusetts and Nevada, for  example, abortions are restricted after 24 weeks. In California,  Washington, and Illinois--they are among the many States that restrict  abortions after viability. But the Democratic proposal is so extreme,  it would invalidate the laws passed in each of these blue States.   If this proposal, the Pelosi abortion bill, became law, it would  allow healthcare providers to perform abortions at any point so long as  it is done to preserve the mother's health. This actually undermines  the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States that said it is  constitutional to limit so-called partial birth abortions as a barbaric  practice that does not have constitutional protection.   But the provision that would allow abortion at any point in the  pregnancy so long as it is done to preserve the mother's health--that  doesn't mean the pregnancy actually threatens the life of the mother.  Let's be clear on that point. If a single healthcare provider  determines that the birth of the baby would impact on the mother's  mental health, an abortion would be legal at any point in the pregnancy  up to birth.   This is way out of step with where most Americans are. A poll this  last summer found that 65 percent of Americans believe that abortion  should be illegal during the second trimester, the second 3-month  period of pregnancy. An abortion opposition, I should say, to a third- trimester abortion is even stronger. These are the so-called late-term  abortions where the fetus is fully formed and even viable outside of  the mother's womb. Eighty percent of Americans oppose third-trimester  abortions but not Pelosi's abortion act, embraced by all but two of the  Democrats here in the U.S. Senate.   The American people clearly do not want abortion laws that put us in  the same league as China and North Korea--two of the world's most  aggressive human rights abusers. Until 2016, China had a strict one- child policy. Families who didn't comply with that policy could be  fined, lose their jobs, and the baby would even be the subject of a  forced abortion. And it became common in China, as a result of this  limitation on pregnancy, for families to prefer a son and undergo  gender-selection abortions. If you are pregnant with a female child,  well, abortion is fair game because they preferred to use abortion as a  means to select the gender of their child.   Democrats' legislation doesn't simply remain silent on gender- selective abortions; it goes so far as to prohibit States from  outlawing abortion as a method of gender selection. Not only that, it  undermines State efforts to protect unborn babies with disabilities or  Down syndrome. Unborn children being killed solely on gender or  disabilities is a devastating problem in other countries. We cannot  allow such a grotesque practice to become mainstream here in the United  States. We are better than that.   The list of atrocities included in this legislation is a long one. It  requires healthcare providers who hold deep religious objections to  abortion to violate their own deeply held religious beliefs and kill  unborn babies. It invalidates informed consent laws, which require  healthcare providers to share accurate information with their patient  about the baby and whether specifically the child can feel pain. It  gives the Attorney General of the United States sweeping authority to  block State laws that try to protect innocent human life. So this  radical proposal from the House, now embraced by all but two of our  Senate Democrats, would overturn existing State laws and allow  abortions on a scale our country has never seen before.   I think it is a sad commentary on the conscience of America when all  but a handful of our Democratic colleagues are fighting to implement  these radical policies. But we cannot and we will not stay silent at a  time when our most vulnerable are being attacked in such a manner. We  have a moral imperative to defend those who cannot defend themselves,  born or unborn, to protect those who cannot protect themselves. Babies  with heartbeats, fingerprints, taste buds--they deserve to have  protection of the law too. The Declaration  [[Page S6761]]  of Independence, after all, says that we hold these truths to be self- evident, that all are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable  rights, including the right to life. I have always been proud to defend  that right, and at no time in my lifetime has it ever needed more  defense than right now in the face of these outrageous proposals.   I yield the floor.   