 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished chair of  the House Armed Services Committee for all of his hard work in putting  together, as he was just closing, what I think is a bill that is one of  the best--a lot of hard work that he has done. I thank the ranking  member also.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of passing this measure  here before us today.   Every year for the past six decades, Congress has passed a Defense  authorization bill. This is an important bipartisan tradition, and I  commend, as I said, Chairman Smith for his admirable work carrying out  this legacy.   Unfortunately, Congress has been asleep at the wheel when it comes to  our State Department. We have not passed a comprehensive State  Department authorization in nearly two decades. Congress has been  attuned to defense for decades, but we have consistently left diplomacy  out to dry.   I am glad that tonight we will be ending this trend by passing out  both a Defense authorization bill and a bipartisan State authorization  bill contained therein. We need a State Department for the century  ahead, not decades past, and my State authorization bill will now put  us on that track.   Now, no bill is perfect. Unfortunately, I am disappointed that there  are some provisions that were not included in this NDAA. Saudi Arabia's  abuse against dissidents and civil society has continued since the  brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi, yet two bipartisan House provisions  that addressed some of these human rights violations were dropped in  the final package. Other amendments that would have ended needless  civilian casualties resulting from the brutal war in Yemen were also  removed by Senate Republicans, though we had a bipartisan agreement in  this House.    Finally, Madam Speaker, provisions promoting diversity and  other management reforms at the State Department were also left out.   These are just a few examples of where the bill falls a little short.  Despite the efforts of many of our members of the Foreign Affairs  Committee, and my own as chair, we were unable to secure the requisite  support from Senate Republicans to advance important provisions in this  final bill.   Nevertheless, Madam Speaker, there are other important provisions  contained in this NDAA, including State authorization, and I urge my  colleagues to vote in the affirmative.   