 Mr. President, the impeachment trial of former  President Donald Trump marked the third time in 1 year that the Senate  has had to confront significant constitutional and institutional  questions with consequences that will undoubtedly reverberate into the  future. As always, I am guided by the Constitution, historical  precedent, and ``a deep responsibility to future times,'' as stated by  Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story, our Nation's first great  constitutional scholar, two centuries ago. This is what has informed me  during last year's impeachment, the electorial college certification in  January, and now another impeachment.   This has been a disheartening episode for a divided America. Make no  mistake: I condemn the horrific violence that engulfed the Capitol on  January 6. All those who undertook violence on that day should be  prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. I also condemn former  President Trump's poor judgment in calling a rally on that day, and his  actions and inactions when it turned into a riot. His blatant disregard  for his own Vice President, Mike Pence, who was fulfilling his  constitutional duty at the Capitol, infuriates me. I will never forget  the brave men and women of law enforcement--some of whom lost their  lives and were seriously injured--who carried out their patriotic duty  to protect members of Congress that day.   However horrible the violence was--and how angry I have been about  it--I believe that it is imperative, for the future of our democracy,  to examine closely the totality of the precedents, impeachment  proceedings, and evidence, and to be as dispassionate and impartial as  possible in this case.   That is why I cast my vote, on February 13, 2021, to acquit former  President Trump on the single Article of Impeachment, ``incitement of  insurrection.''   The primary purpose of impeachment in our constitutional system is to  remove an official from office--to, according to Justice Story, divest  an official ``of his political capacity.'' The House's single Article  of Impeachment emphasized this need to remove President Trump from  office. Regarding this case before the Senate, President Donald Trump  had already been removed from office by a vote of the American people  this past November. Thus, pursuing impeachment in this case creates a  troubling precedent in which former officials--private citizens--can  face impeachment and conviction.   Therefore, the fundamental issue in this impeachment trial is not  removal from office but whether the Senate has or should accept  jurisdiction to try, convict, and disqualify Donald Trump, a private  citizen, from any future elected office based on the House's single  article of impeachment--incitement of insurrection.   The House and Senate have never before claimed or exercised such  impeachment jurisdiction over a former President. I do not believe that  the Constitution empowers the Senate to have such impeachment  jurisdiction. In his renowned ``Commentaries on the Constitution,''  Justice Story comes to the same conclusion, although to be fair, there  are others who do not. I believe that the precedents set in claiming  that the Senate can try former Presidents who are private citizens have  the very real potential to do significant long-term damage to our  constitutional order, individual liberties, and the proper functioning  of our Republic in a way that we will come to regret as a nation.   Additionally in this case, the House undertook a ``snap impeachment''  in 48 hours with no hearings, no witnesses, no record, and no defenses  presented. When asked about this during the Senate trial, the House  managers stated that constitutional due process protections for a  defendant in an impeachment are ``discretionary'' or, in other words,  not required. This troubling declaration is now a precedent in the  House. Combining this ``no Due Process/snap impeachment'' precedent  with the additional power of the Senate to try former officials, who  are now private citizens, amounts to a massive expansion of Congress'  impeachment  [[Page S948]]  power never contemplated by our Founding Fathers. The temptation to use  such power as a regular tool of partisan warfare in the future will be  great and has the potential to incapacitate our government.   Those in favor of expanding impeachment jurisdiction to include the  former President primarily point to the potential for Presidents or  other officials to commit impeachable acts near the end of their term  or shortly before resigning. The House managers called this a ``January  exception'' to impeachment. They argued that this would allow such  individuals to escape culpability and would frustrate the purpose of  impeachment to hold public officials accountable. This is a legitimate  concern. However, there are other remedies available to punish such  conduct of a former President through the judicial system, if  warranted. The Constitution explicitly provides that former officials  can be subject to criminal prosecution for their actions while in  office, regardless of impeachment. Moreover, even if such conduct  eludes judicial review, the American people are well equipped to judge  political conduct and pass their judgement upon it. For that reason,  and as I emphasized last year following the previous impeachment trial,  I believe it can be left to the wise judgement of the American people  on whether or not the former President should be disqualified from  future office.   Even if this Senate was empowered by the Constitution to hear this  case, I do not believe that the House managers met their burden in  proving the critical issue at trial--whether the former President  intended there to be violence at the Capitol as a result of his speech  at the Ellipse on January 6. Furthermore, the House managers claimed,  in arguing their incitement charge, that First Amendment political  speeth protections do not apply to elected officials in impeachment  proceedings. A conviction based on this breathtaking precedent has the  potential to significantly further undermine core constitutional  protections for Americans and their ability to undertake political  speech in the future.   Finally, laced throughout the House managers' presentations were  subtle and not-sosubtle indictments, not just against the Capitol  rioters who fully deserve condemnation but against all supporters of  the former President, which of course includes many Alaskans. This  sentiment is one that cannot and should not be allowed to be  perpetuated. In my view, this will not bring about the kind of unity  that our Nation needs now. In contrast to what some of the House  managers implied at this trial, the vast majority of Americans and  Alaskans who had supported President Trump were appalled by the  violence on January 6. Such Alaskans supported this President because  of his polices that helped our State. I will continue to work to make  sure that these Alaskans' voices are not silenced and that this  dispiriting chapter in American history won't deter them from speaking  out in defense of their beliefs.   This has been a difficult time for our Nation. My vote on February 13  was not in defense of the former President's conduct on January 6 with  which I fully disagreed, particularly his twitter attacks on Vice  President Pence, as the Vice President undertook his constitutional  duties to preside over the electoral college vote at the Capitol.   At the end of the day, my obligation is to rise above the passions of  the moment and to carefully consider the decisions we make today and  the ramifications they will have for our country's future. I believe  that my vote to acquit fulfills that obligation. I want Alaskans and  Americans to know that throughout all of this, my guiding light has  been both fidelity to Alaska and to our Constitution.   