 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Let my start by urging my colleagues in the Senate to  vote against the motion to discharge from the Senate Armed Services  Committee the nomination of Colin Kahl for Under Secretary of Defense  for Policy. This is not a decision I take lightly. I have always felt  that any new administration should have his team or her team, and I  have generally been very supportive.   When President Biden nominated Dr. Kahl for this position, my  expectation was that, if confirmed, he and I would often disagree on  policy, but we would actually get along together; we could coexist  together. I quickly learned that this would really be impossible with  Dr. Kahl. I don't think I have ever said that about any nominee for any  position that I can recall.   My Republican colleagues in the Senate Armed Services Committee--all  12 of them--reached the same conclusion. We opposed his nomination  unanimously. That is very unusual.   Before I explain why not a single Republican was able to support Dr.  Kahl's confirmation in committee, I want to emphasize how rare this is.  The Senate Armed Services Committee, as everyone knows, is extremely  bipartisan, certainly in the years that I was chairing that committee  with Ranking Member Jack Reed. We got along famously. We got things  done that other people couldn't get done.   The Senate Armed Services Committee has always been bipartisan. We  have disagreements, of course, but Republicans and Democrats on the  committee have a legacy of consensus. National security and taking care  of our troops are bipartisan concerns. This is how we succeeded in  passing the National Defense Authorization Act.   The National Defense Authorization Act is the largest bill every  year. It is the one where it sets out the guidelines for the coming  year, and it is the one where we always have gotten along. We passed it  every year for 60 consecutive years. It shows and demonstrates very  clearly how well we get along.   The Department deserves a nominee with bipartisan credibility. You  have to keep in mind this position is the No. 3 position in the  Pentagon. It represents our shared bipartisan vision of effective  national security and healthy civil-military relations.   This position demands a nominee who can carry out the President's  policies while engaging those who disagree in good faith. That isn't  the case with this nominee. That is why we are faced with this vote  today.   I also want to clear up a common misunderstanding. Republicans on the  committee did not vote against Dr. Kahl simply because we disagreed  with his policy views. Policy is what that position is. It is the  policy position of the Pentagon. This should be obvious to anyone who  paid attention to the confirmation of President Biden's nominees for  Secretary of Defense and Deputy Secretary. We got through both of them  quickly. I don't remember a time when any new administration got the  two very significant positions of Secretary of Defense and Deputy  Secretary of Defense so fast. We got them in record time. There are  some things that we disagree with policywise, but we supported their  confirmation, as did most of my Republican colleagues, for one reason:  They were eminently qualified. I am talking about the Secretary of  Defense and the Deputy Secretary. Both of them were eminently  qualified, with long track records of bipartisan cooperation and strong  professional judgment. I have dealt with both of them for many, many  years.   In fact, we expedited the nomination to give the President his  national security team just about as quickly as we could. Republicans  may disagree with him, but we can work with them very well.   Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of Colin Kahl. The national  security problems we face are wicked and complex. We wrestle with them  constantly on this committee.   What I cannot support are nominees who reduce complex national  security conversations to partisan sound bites. For instance, as many  of my colleagues will recall, back in October of 2019, Republicans and  Democrats disagreed about our policy in Syria. When President Trump  announced a full U.S. troop withdrawal from northeastern Syria, some of  our colleagues worried about extended deployments. This is a reasonable  concern because here is how Dr. Kahl chose to characterize it:  Republicans are ``the party of ethnic cleansing,'' he wrote. He  actually said that. He said that publicly.  [[Page S2108]]    Good and kind people can disagree with each other. They don't have to  resort to name-calling and accusations of war crimes.   That is not an isolated example, as we discovered during our review  of Kahl's writings and public statements. He often embraces conspiracy  theories. For example, he alleged a ``Kushner-Kremlin quid pro quo''  referring to the President's son-in-law. And when given the opportunity  to correct this type of conspiracy theory during his confirmation  hearings, he refused to do it. He stood by those statements.   Dr. Kahl also has a long history of claiming every policy decision  with which he disagrees will lead to war. Thankfully, he has never been  right.   Dr. Kahl predicted that President Trump's decision to withdraw from  the Iran deal would lead to war. It didn't. He said by sanctioning  Iran's Foreign Minister, President Trump was boxing ``himself into  war.'' There was no war. It didn't happen.   At one point, Dr. Kahl suggested that President Trump might ``start a  war with Iran for political diversionary purposes.'' This is a  ridiculous claim. Obviously, it didn't happen.   According to Dr. Kahl, the strike on Iranian terrorist leader  Soleimani, the appointment of John Bolton as National Security Advisor,  and the events of the Korean Peninsula, among others, were going to  lead to war. And none of the wars happened.   His public declarations and policy judgment are consistently partisan  and consistently wrong. The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy  serves as the Defense Secretary's top national security advisor. It  requires a leader with sound judgment and even temperament, and Colin  Kahl simply doesn't possess either one of these qualities.   Even worse, Dr. Kahl has a long track record of maligning people whom  he disagrees with. I mentioned the Syrian example earlier. He also said  that the Republican Party has a ``death cult fealty'' to Trump. That is  seriously what he said.   The bare minimum for the Defense Department's top policy position is  good judgment and even temperament. Dr. Kahl lacks both of these  qualifications. It would set a terrible precedent if we confirm someone  like him for the job.   I have a history of working so well with people on both sides, which  is why I can and have supported many nominees whose policy views differ  from mine. That goes with the job.   We have someone who is elected President of the United States. I  disagree with him on many of the issues having to do with our defense  policy, but because I trust that while we may disagree, they understand  that we are all trying to do the right thing for our Nation and for our  kids and our grandkids. Unfortunately, I don't have that trust in Dr.  Kahl. Confirming him would create a real political challenge for the  Department over the years to come.   Every time DOD lays down a new policy or makes a critical military  decision, we will have to wonder: Was this the decision informed by the  Department's skilled professionals or by the partisan conspiracy  theorist that happens to run the Department? That is why all 13  Republicans on the Armed Services Committee voted to reject this  nominee. This is why I urge my colleagues to vote against the motion to  discharge and urge President Biden to consider another nominee--one who  can work productively with both sides of the aisle, even when we  disagree. Mr. President, I would like to have you consider these things  to make your job and my job a lot easier.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   