 Madam President, in February of this year, there was  bipartisan conversation about what is the next step dealing with COVID.  We knew we were coming out of it. Vaccines were going in arms. States  were opening up. My State in Oklahoma was rapidly opening in February,  and there was this dialogue about what would happen in the economy.   Unfortunately, in the middle of that dialogue, my Democratic  colleagues determined: We were going to go this on our own.   We still stay engaged. One of the big issues, though, was  unemployment. Would there be additional unemployment benefits that  would be done?   Now, myself and multiple others raised the issue on both sides of the  aisle: How would this be handled?   If it was a year before--literally, in March of 2020, there was an  extension of unemployment because unemployment was at 15 percent at  that point, and there were no jobs to be had. But in March of this  year, when the agreement was finally made and a straight partisan bill  was passed, we weren't at 15 percent unemployment. It was at 6 percent  and driving down to the floor. Now we are below 4 percent.   The challenge that we have is, there is additional unemployment  benefits that have extended all the way until September.   Now, that bill passed--a straight partisan bill--in March. By the  Sunday after Palm Sunday, when I was back in my State, I was already  having businessowners catching me and saying: What in the world? I  can't hire now because I am competing for wages with someone in the  Federal Government.   What has that meant for right now? Now and May, what does that mean  for us in Oklahoma?   In Oklahoma, there are 37 percent more jobs available now than there  were a year and a half ago before the pandemic began, when we were at  the best economy in 50 years. Literally, there are more job openings in  Oklahoma now than there have ever been in the history of our records.   Let me run that past everybody again. There are more openings in  Oklahoma right now for jobs than ever in the history of our  recordkeeping for our State, but we can't fill jobs because people are  making so much money on unemployment and they get the first $10,000 of  that written off on their taxes. Those two pieces together incentivize  people, literally, to be able to stay home.   Our State has had to take a pretty radical step, quite frankly. We  have stepped in with 20 other States and have ended the unemployment  assistance, but we have had to take it the next step because we have so  many job openings in our State. We are literally giving a $1,200 bonus  to anyone who will go back to work. For the first 20,000 people who  will actually get off of unemployment benefits and go back to work, we  are paying a $1,200 bonus to those individuals to return to work. What  in the world? Why would we have to do this as a State? Our State is  taking leadership, and I am grateful to Governor Stitt and his  continued leadership to be able to help navigate our economy and our  families. But why would we want to have a situation where we have  literally disincentivized work and encouraged people to not return to  work? What Governor Stitt has set up is an encouragement to actually  get back to work. That is better for families. That is better for  children. That is better for our economy.   Right now in Oklahoma, if you are going to build anything--and I mean  build anything--good luck finding building supplies. And it is not  because we don't have lumber. It is not because we don't have bricks.  It is not because we don't have windows and shingles and all those  things. Good luck getting it because they can't get enough labor to  actually do the manufacturing. So everyone is running behind simply  because there is a shortage of labor because we are incentivizing  people to stay home rather than to be able to come back.   Shots are in arms. Our rates of COVID have decreased dramatically. It  is time for us to return to work. But now we are going to have a  situation where we have right now--where half the country is  incentivized to stay home. Now you have 21 States--slightly less than  half the country--that are trying to incentivize people to get back to  work.   We need, as a nation, to incentivize work and to encourage families  to be able to be engaged in productive activities. It is right for  families. It is right for our economy. It is certainly right for us as  a nation. And I thank Governor Stitt for his leadership in this area  and for what we continue to do, but we have to get back to basic  policies that don't disincentivize work.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, there is a lot going on right now. I  have already spent time on the floor today to talk about some of the  economic issues--inflation, unemployment--that are happening. There are  a number of jobs that are open in my State. In fact, there is a record  number of job openings in my State. There is unrest in the Middle East  right now, and there are all kinds of things that are happening in the  world.   Yet I can't help, just for a moment, pausing to be able to reflect on  a friend of mine who, in a few days, will be sitting and hanging out  with his 12 grandchildren and enjoying a moment of retirement.   His name is Roger Beverage. Roger Beverage just retired as the CEO of  the Oklahoma Bankers Association. He is not the big banker guy. He is  the community banker guy. For 30 years, he led our State in banking and  engaged in issues from the smallest of the small banks in rural  Oklahoma to family-owned community banks that are scattered around our  State. He worked tirelessly to help individuals get access to banking  who were blocked out, and he made sure that everyone had a shot. He has  been a remarkable leader, and he is just a great grandpa.   In the days ahead, I celebrate his getting time with his 12  grandchildren because he has given so much to so many others. As he  spends time with his five kids--just the five kids who carry around the  12 grandchildren at this point--and as he spends time with his bride of  43 years, Paula, I want to say thank you to him.   Roger wasn't born in Oklahoma; he was born in Nebraska. If you know  Nebraska and Oklahoma's long heritage of football, you will know there  has been quite a rivalry for a long time. Roger graduated from college  and went to law school. When he finished up law school in 1971, he  enlisted in the U.S. Army right in the middle of the Vietnam era. He  served 2 years in the Army, working as a lawyer. He then served 6 more  years in the Reserves after that. He retired as Captain Beverage. He is  also a person who has never been shy or would walk away from a  challenge and is one who has constantly been focused on service.   In the middle of times that people up here in Washington, DC, wanted  to equate big banks and community banks the same and to say: Let's put  the pressure on the big banks but ``leave the little banks alone,''  often the little banks got caught up in that fight, and he was one of  the folks who was constantly stepping out and saying: Allow community  banks to serve communities.   In rural communities, like many of mine in Oklahoma, that bank was  essential to the economic development of what is happening in farming,  in ranching; what is happening in every single person getting access to  a car loan or a home loan or just being that friend when they need a  chance to talk about financial advice.   Now, Roger is a leader, and you can imagine, with bankers, who all  have  [[Page S2766]]  lots of opinions and lots of great leaders, he didn't agree with  everybody all the time, but I would tell you something I know about  Roger: He always listened. Always.   People would ask me about Roger and what I think of him, and I would  say: He is a servant leader. He is a hard worker. He is a person who  listens. He has strong opinions, but his strong opinions are based on  his own experience in the facts of the day, but he is also a humble  worker who is actually working for the best of everyone.   He will be missed in my State--21 years of serving in the State  chamber and leadership in so many areas in our State--but I am grateful  today and in the days ahead that he is going to finally get a chance to  just be grandpa and hang out with those 12 grandchildren.   Enjoy those days, Roger. Thank you for what you have done to be able  to help lead our State in this area and to be able to serve so many  community bankers all across the Nation.   I yield the floor.   