 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this partisan resolution is unnecessary for a number of  reasons. At its core, this is a solution that is looking for a problem.   The oil industry already is voluntarily reducing methane emissions  and the United States has led the world in reducing greenhouse gas  emissions in the last two decades. Innovation is the ultimate answer to  cutting emissions. We cannot afford to stifle advancement.   As a Nation, we cannot regulate our way to a cleaner environment.  Most importantly, new methane regulations are duplicative of existing  Federal and  [[Page H3145]]  State regulations under the Clean Air Act for volatile organic  compounds known as VOCs.   The EPA determined in an earlier rulemaking that ``rescinding the  methane limits will not actually change the amount of methane emissions  reductions.''   This resolution is not about methane emissions or climate change. The  truth is that we already regulate methane. The EPA and the States have  strong standards in place for volatile organic compounds and methane.   The existing standards and the pollution control equipment installed  at oil and gas facilities help to manage both methane and VOCs because  they are both produced from the same source and have a similar  chemistry and behavior.   The real intent of this misguided resolution is simple--the oil and  gas sector is just the tip of the iceberg--the purpose is to give the  EPA authority to use Section 111 of the Clean Air Act to regulate every  other sector of our economy.   Congress must continue to embrace the bottom-up innovation that will  result in leaps in efficiency far greater than any mandate, instead of  expensive overregulation that will take money out of working Americans'  pockets.   As a Nation, we can do better. As a Congress, we must do better.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``no'' on this  resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. Herrell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Pfluger).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers,  and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, this is just the tip of the iceberg. EPA will use the  resolution to clear the way for other sources without formally  establishing that a  [[Page H3147]]  pollutant significantly contributes to harmful air pollution as a  predicate for new regulations. Manufacturing, paper, plastics, metals,  and virtually every other industry in America certainly could be next.   We must not allow overregulation to crush the energy jobs that  America wants and America needs.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   