 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the time.   Madam Speaker, I am concerned about H.R. 1446, the Enhanced  Background Checks Act, that is part of this rule. This bill would  eliminate the 3-day waiting period for a National Instant Criminal  Background Check system determination. Under current law, if no  determination is made within 3 days, a firearms sale may proceed. This  bill that will be before Congress this week would expand the 3 days to  require a 10-business-day waiting period with an additional 10 days  allowed for the Attorney General to process any petitions.   But rather than eliminate the 3-day waiting period, we should be  removing from commerce those firearms that are sold to individuals who  are later found to be ineligible.   In 2016 the Department of Justice Inspector General audit found that  less than 1 percent of those who were sold a firearm and then found  later to be ineligible through the delayed background check were  investigated and prosecuted.   According to a 2018 Government Accountability Office report, the FBI  conducted just over 25 million firearm background checks through the  NICS system that year. One percent of attempted purchases were denied,  or about 181,000. If only 1 percent of those denials were investigated,  that still leaves 179,000 NICS denials where an individual may have  been inappropriately sold a firearm, but, in fact, were never  investigated. Even one firearm illegally in commerce, unfortunately,  can lead to tragedy.   Rather than place further burdens on law-abiding gun owners, we  should be investigating and prosecuting those who have obtained a  firearm illegally. Enforcement of our existing laws would be the first  step to preventing gun violence.   During rules consideration, I submitted an amendment to H.R. 1446 to  require the Department of Justice Inspector General to report to  Congress on the number of NICS denials referred for investigation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the time.   Madam Speaker, this will provide an accurate accounting of the  inefficiencies in the NICS system and provide a starting point to  ensure full enforcement of our laws.   I was pleased that this amendment was made in order, and I hope all  Members will support it when it comes to the floor for a vote.   But the underlying bill, H.R. 1446, should not pass this House.   