 Mr. President, it must be nice to be the  Speaker of the House. Speaker Pelosi gets to push around our new  majority leader and my Democratic colleagues, and they get nothing in  return.   This bill is a bailout for Speaker Pelosi and gives California's  healthcare system the ability to claim up to 175 percent of  uncompensated care costs in their DSH Program while all the other  States can only claim up to 100 percent of costs.   How is that fair to Florida?   How can the majority leader and my new colleagues from Georgia,  Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona justify a vote that is unfair to  their States? Well, welcome to Pelosi's U.S. Senate.   Seriously, how can anyone in this body, except, perhaps, my two  colleagues from California, possibly justify voting against this  amendment?   This is a very simple concept. All 50 States should be treated  equally. One State should not be given special treatment over the  others. This is a bailout for Speaker Pelosi, period.   I want to be very clear. I oppose any cuts to Medicare benefits. So  what I am offering protects Medicare benefits, and the only change it  makes to this bill is to strip out this ridiculous Pelosi bailout.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I  have another 30 seconds.    What I am offering protects Medicare benefits,  and the only change it makes to this bill is to strip out this  ridiculous Pelosi bailout.   A vote for my amendment is a vote to ensure that all 50 States play  by the same rules. It is to preserve the current law.   A vote against my amendment is a vote to say that your State plays by  the rules, but Pelosi gets her own set of rules.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the  nomination of Wally Adeyemo for Deputy Secretary of the Treasury,   The U.S. Treasury Department plays a significant part in enforcing  American foreign policy through economic sanctions. We know that  sanctions work and that the strong application of these measures  against adversaries, including Communist China, Iran, North Korea,  Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua, are essential to holding the brutal  dictators and their enablers who hold power in these nations  accountable.   Communist China is the biggest threat our Nation faces. Communist  China is committing a genocide against the Uyghurs, stripping Hong  Kongers of their basic rights, and continues to threaten to take Taiwan  by force. I am concerned that Mr. Adeyemo does not understand the risk  Communist China poses to our national and economic security and to our  allies. Communist China is not a strategic competitor; they are an  adversary and must be treated as such. Any U.S. official who thinks  that Communist China can play a positive role in the world is mistaken.   I am also concerned that Mr. Adeyemo will not be strong when standing  up to Castro's Communist regime in Cuba. I cannot support anyone who  will back a return to the failed Obama-Biden appeasement policies,  which did nothing to help the Cuban people and allowed Havana to extend  its reach and expand its control, giving power to other ruthless  dictatorships in Latin America.   Currently, our Nation is on track to reach $30 trillion in debt. We  have to get serious about Federal spending and the impacts it will have  on our children and grandchildren. President Biden's massive spending  policies are already causing the cost of living in America to rise. I  cannot support candidates who think the solution to America's economic  woes is more government, more taxes and more regulation, not more  individual opportunity. That is wrong and will only send us further  into debt and our families further into despair. We need to focus on  growing the economy and growing jobs in order to preserve the American  dream.   For all these reasons, I oppose Mr. Adeyemo's nomination and urge my  colleagues to do the same.   