 Mr. President, I have a question for all of my colleagues  this evening, which is this: What happened here today, and how is it  different from what we expected as we assembled in this Chamber early  this afternoon?   Sadly, much like the impeachment trial of just a year ago, I think as  many of us slogged our way to the Nation's Capital and dutifully filed  into this Chamber, we expected hours and hours of debate and  discussion, knowing the outcome, knowing that what was being engaged in  by a handful of our colleagues was a political stunt, feeding the ego  of our President, who is chasing conspiracy theories about how he  actually won the election 2 months ago that he lost and indulging his  belief that somehow, somehow, the Congress could still, at the last  moment, snatch victory from the jaws of defeat.   Even in the last day, President Trump had been haranguing his own  incredibly loyal Vice President, Mike Pence, as if somehow Vice  President Pence would simply declare him President today.   We knew that President Trump had been stirring up the spirits of  thousands, urging them to come to Washington. We had an inkling that he  might go out and speak to them, but I don't think, as we filed into  this Chamber, any of us--any of us--expected that, for the second time  in our Republic's history, the perimeter of this Capitol would be  breached, Members of the Senate would be rushed to safety; that not  just the Capitol Police but U.S. Marshals and FBI officers and fully  combat-geared soldiers would be in the U.S. Capitol, taking it back  from a riotous mob of thugs.   Just a few moments ago, I went to the Rotunda to see the litter and  the trash, the residue and the remnants of those who took over this  building today, and to say thank you to the men and women of law  enforcement who helped secure it after it fell to an angry mob.   But, folks, we have to think about the consequences of what happened  here today, why this happened, and what it means and what it teaches,  because, frankly, tonight, now, the whole world is watching. The entire  world is watching a montage of scenes--of folks cavorting in the  Capitol, half-naked men taking that seat, scrawling things on different  surfaces, parading up and down the Capitol corridors with a Confederate  flag and a Trump flag, and in other ways signaling that they had done  something significant. No. In fact, what they have actually done is  weakened our democracy, showed some of its fragility, and encouraged  our opponents around the world.   In the last 2 months since the election, we have one man who has  abandoned his post, who has mostly spent his time golfing and tweeting  and indulging himself in conspiracy theories and been less and less  attuned to our national security and to a raging pandemic, and another  man, our President-elect, who is preparing to take over the  responsibility for leading this country out of this pandemic and out of  its current state of deep, deep division.   President Trump has abandoned his post. He does not deserve to be  President any longer, and he poses a real and present threat to the  future of our democracy.   But let me also say this to my colleagues, half of whom changed their  intended vote today after seeing what happened in the Capitol. There  were, as we began, roughly 13 Senators--Republicans--who said they were  going to vote against the certification of the election, and when we  actually finally called the roll, it was just 6--7 of them having been  chastened by the events of today. But two who continue on this quest  clerked for the Supreme Court Chief Justice, are deeply schooled in the  law, and know better than what they did today. And in the House, in the  debate going on over in the House even now, more than 100 House  Republicans continue with this effort.   On this floor earlier today, this evening, there were strong and  clear and brave speeches by Republicans and Democrats alike.   So I have a question as we move forward. When will this fever break?  When will we finally say to each other: Enough is enough of indulging  and following populism and demagoguery. Is it time to finally show who  the leaders are and to uphold our Constitution that every one of the  House Members and a third of us swore to uphold just 3 days ago?   I will tell you, as I look ahead, that I am confident that 2 weeks  from now, Joseph Biden will be sworn in as the next President, Kamala  Harris sworn in as the next Vice President, and we have a unique moment  in my lifetime, because, as Presidents and leaders in the Senate of  both parties over the last decades have observed, the Senate has  steadily shrunk in its significance, its role, in its power, and the  Presidency has steadily grown. Not in my lifetime--not since LBJ--have  we had an incoming President who spent 36 years in this Chamber.   We have a chance with Joe Biden, a President-elect who ran on  bringing our country together, a President-elect who ran on turning the  page from our moment of national division, and a  [[Page S38]]  President-elect who respects and honors and understands the  significance of this body.   So we have to take this opportunity to heal, to hear each other, to  compromise, to work together, and to see the real challenges facing the  American people and take this last best moment.   What happened here today should leave all of us gravely concerned  about the health and the future of our democracy, and the opportunity  we will have 2 weeks from today is one we should not let pass us by.   I yield the floor.   