 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Peters and I be allowed to continue to complete our remarks before the  rollcall vote.    Madam President, the Senate is about to vote on the  [[Page S6764]]  nomination of Robert Anderson to serve as Solicitor of the Department  of the Interior, and I am here to tell you, Madam President, that I  oppose this nomination.   Now, if confirmed, Mr. Anderson will serve as the Department's chief  attorney and also as the principal legal adviser to the Secretary of  the Interior, Secretary Haaland. He would oversee more than 430  attorneys and a staff within 6 legal divisions. He would be responsible  for ensuring that business conducted in the Interior Department follows  the law and is done transparently. He would be granted tremendous  powers to shape how the Department fulfills its mission by issuing  final legal interpretations on all matters within the jurisdiction of  the Department.   These decisions directly impact homes and businesses in Wyoming and  throughout the Nation. These decisions can make or break our Nation's  ability to protect our environment, to use and enjoy our natural  resources, to create good-paying jobs, and to pay for services such as  public education.   Over the course of his career, Mr. Anderson has both taught and  practiced law, primarily focused on Tribal issues. Now, I am concerned  that Mr. Anderson lacks sufficient legal experience beyond the Tribal  law to effectively navigate the complex web of issues governing the  multiple use of public lands and Federal lands.   I am very concerned about Mr. Anderson's actions, specifically  actions he has taken as the Principal Deputy Solicitor since January 20  of this year. He has revoked many solicitors' opinions issued under the  Trump administration. His work has paved the way for the Biden  administration's punishing policies that are in direct conflict with  the Department of the Interior's multiple-use mandate.   Mr. Anderson's responses to questioning by Senator Cassidy during his  nomination hearing were particularly concerning to me. Senator Cassidy  asked whether the nominee agreed that the requirement to ``maintain''-- maintain--oil and gas leasing programs meant to lease some more--not  just maintain the leases that were already leased, but continue  leasing. Mr. Anderson responded that he thought it was an open  question.   Madam President, to suggest that the Secretary is no longer required  to plan for and hold new offshore oil and gas leases simply and  unfortunately but truly ignores the law of the land. Let me be clear.  The Secretary of the Interior is required to comply with the law like  everyone else. Mr. Anderson's willingness to put the Biden  administration's war on American energy ahead of following established  law, in my opinion, disqualifies him from serving as Solicitor.   I will vote against Mr. Anderson's nomination, and I will urge other  Senators to do so.   I yield the floor.   