 Madam Speaker, I will have to admit that when I first  got this job and walked through Statuary Hall, I was kind of surprised  at some of the people who are honored there. In particular, Alexander  Stephens was one that kind of jumped out at me.   And right before the end of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln talked  about malice towards none and charity for all. And I think that charity  for all was being a little abused when people like Alexander Hamilton  Stephens got their statue down there.   Be that as it may, there is another part of this bill that is put  before us. We have talked about the Dred Scott decision. I am going to  talk a little bit about Roe v. Wade and a history of Roe v. Wade that I  think a lot of people don't know about. I get this history in part from  an article put out by Planned Parenthood and in part from a book  written by Bob Woodward.   Obviously, Roe v. Wade could be described as the most significant  court decision in that it legalized abortion, and we have 60 million  fewer Americans than we would have if this decision had not happened.   However, a change was made in that decision as they were debating it,  upping that 60 million figure a little bit higher because a decision  was made at the end to go from allowing abortions at 3 months to  allowing abortions all the way until viability--late-term abortion.   The author of that decision, Justice Blackmun, was just going to go 3  months, and he got a letter put out by Thurgood Marshall, who wanted it  to be much higher.   I can't tell you exactly how many abortions past 3 months we have had  in this country, but it is probably over 5 million. And that was  because Thurgood Marshall was in the right or wrong position--however  you want to look at it--to go from 3 months to making America one of  seven countries in the world where they allow abortions so late. And of  those countries includes North Korea, Vietnam, Red China--not countries  you want to be associated with.    Madam Speaker, if this bill becomes law and we walk  through there, we are going to see Thurgood Marshall--or at least I  will always look at him as the guy who weighed in and felt after  abortion was largely illegal in this country for its first 200 years,  the guy who kind of put the foot on the gas and legalized late-term  abortion and put the United States in with those other six countries.   Madam Speaker, for that reason, I am going to vote against this bill  today. And, hopefully, someday in America, the Roe v. Wade decision and  putting the United States in the position in which even 6- or 7-month- old  [[Page H3270]]  babies can have their lives taken away, hopefully that will eventually  end.    Madam Speaker, I stand in solidarity with the majority  of Americans that oppose taxpayer funding of abortions.   Despite how clear Americans are on the issue, President Biden and the  Democrats in Congress are attempting to force Americans to pay for  abortions.   President Biden's recent budget calls for removal of the Hyde  amendment, the appropriations rider that prohibits Federal funding of  abortion. Congressional Democrats have committed to removing the Hyde  amendment and other longstanding pro-life provisions from this year's  appropriations bill.   We must not allow longstanding abortion funding prohibitions that are  widely supported by the American people to be gotten rid of at the  whims of pro-abortion radicals.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on Energy  and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 18, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    