 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the joint  resolution of disapproval on the sale of air-to-air missiles to Saudi  Arabia, which are being used to defend against armed drone attacks from  the Houthis.   I think everybody in this body well knows that I carefully consider  every arms sale that comes before the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee for review. Arms sales are a critical tool of foreign policy  that can help bolster alliances while keeping Americans and our  partners safe.   However, we have to ensure that our arms sales policies adhere to our  core values, including respect for human rights and human dignity. It  is for that very same reason that I, along with a series of my  colleagues here, introduced the Safeguarding Human Rights in Arms  Exports Act--or the SAFEGUARD Act--to make the protection and promotion  of human rights a core statutory principle in our arms sales export and  monitoring process.   This legislation would enhance our collective oversight of all arms  sales to countries that abuse human rights, and I hope it receives  consideration in this body and in the House soon.   Now, my colleagues may well remember in 2019 and 2020, that when I  truly believe an arms sale undermines our American values, our national  security, or when 22 sales are notified under false ``emergency''  pretenses, for example, I will not hesitate to use the tools we have to  stop those sales. In fact, that is exactly what we did in this body  when I came to this floor and led that effort, in conjunction with  others.   Beyond these extreme measures, the committee carefully consults with  the State Department and others on the ground to fully understand how  weapons will be used.   We have all known for years that there is no military solution to the  devastating and tragic conflict in Yemen. Indeed, the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee passed my bipartisan Saudi Arabia Accountability  and Yemen Act in 2019, which would have halted certain arms sales,  stopped refueling, imposed accountability on the people involved in the  murder of Jamal Khashoggi, and sought to end the suffering of the  Yemeni people. Unfortunately, the full Senate failed to act.   Make no mistake, the Saudi-led coalition bears the brunt of the  responsibility for the devastation in Yemen. Yet I, along with most  Members of this body, have always supported the use of weapons systems  in defense of civilian populations.   I wish to remind my colleagues that the Biden administration has  largely suspended sales of many of the offensive weapons the Trump  administration was all too happy to sell to the Saudis. However, there  is no denying that the Houthis have been increasingly deploying more  sophisticated weapons, particularly armed aerial drones, to target  civilian populations in Saudi Arabia, and let's not also forget that we  have 70,000 American citizens living in Saudi Arabia.   The weapons up for discussion today are being used in this context to  defend against these aerial attacks. As air-to-air missiles, they are  largely incapable of attacking civilian targets or infrastructure--a  critical factor in my decision to support the sale.   While some have argued they could be used to support the Saudi  blockade, the fact is that most humanitarian aid is delivered via land  and sea. Indeed, tragically, the Saudis have been perfectly capable of  blocking the delivery of aid for many years, and in more recent years,  the Houthis have also created abhorrent obstacles for the delivery of  food, medical supplies, and other vital humanitarian aid, contributing  to the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.   While I believe the United States must continue pushing for a  political solution to the crisis in Yemen--and I agree with several of  the things said by my colleague Senator Sanders--I also believe that we  should continue supporting efforts to stop attacks on civilians.  According to the State Department, there have been close to 400 Houthi  attacks this year, many of which get past the Patriot missile defense  system.   I know that many see this vote as an opportunity to voice  dissatisfaction with Saudi Arabia over a variety of its policies, from  Yemen to the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, which we have not forgotten, to  the harassment of American citizens and their family members.   So let me be clear that I completely agree with the need to push  harder to hold Saudi leadership accountable for a variety of actions. I  even offered a bill last month as an amendment to the NDAA to do just  that, and I am hopeful we will see some of that language in a final  product. But I also believe it is important that our security partners  know that we will uphold our commitments and prioritize security  arrangements that protect civilians.   For that reason, I will oppose efforts to stop this particular sale.  I will continue to hold sales as I have--there are many other sales  that have not moved forward that I have not permitted to get out of the  committee--and continue my efforts to hold Saudi leadership accountable  and encourage my colleagues to do the same.   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask that all remaining time be yielded back.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   