 Madam President, for more than a year, our country has  been in the grip of an unprecedented health and economic catastrophe.   It was January, if we recall, of last year when the first confirmed  case of COVID-19 was found in our country. Since then, more than  444,000 of our fellow citizens have died, more than 26 million have  been infected, millions have lost their jobs, and every day there are  another thousands more deaths.   A year ago, former President Trump boasted--just think of this. This  is just a year ago. He said that there were only 15 COVID-19 cases in  this country, and he said that soon the number would be zero.   For months, he told the American people there was nothing to worry  about. Nothing to worry about? Tell the 26 million who have been  infected, the nearly half a million who have died, because it is  obvious to anyone paying attention to the country's public health  experts that, unfortunately, he had no idea what he was talking about.  But, of course, he wasn't interested in what anyone else had to say.   All of us can see so many unforgiveable mistakes, so many missed  opportunities in dealing with this virus that we and the world are now  facing a calamity unlike anything in modern history.   The last administration, rather than unite the country against the  virus, chastised people for wearing masks. They vilified Governors who  tried to stop the spread of the virus. Former President Trump said it  would disappear ``like magic.''   Over the summer we lost even more time with the inexplicable decision  to take a ``pause'' and delay further COVID relief. That was precious  time that could have been spent trying to get the pandemic under  control. Time was wasted while the virus spread and mutated, and now we  are dealing with multiple variants, some of which are more easily  transmissible and possibly more deadly.   The previous administration's handling of this disease was a  monumental, unforgiveable failure of leadership. Tens of thousands of  Americans would be alive today if the Trump administration had done  their job or, at the very least, stopped making it impossible for the  people who wanted to do their job. Historians are going to judge him  harshly. That was then. Our job now is to rally behind a President who  understands the seriousness and urgency of what we are facing.  [[Page S297]]    The $1.9 trillion package proposed by President Biden is the kind of  bold, comprehensive proposal we have needed since last spring. I felt  privileged to sit with him this morning, along with other Senators, and  discuss it, because we know the President's plan would provide the  resources to mount a national vaccination program, safely open our  schools, restore American global leadership, and provide direct support  to the people in need.   Now, everybody here wants to reopen our economy, but we can't do that  if we don't defeat the virus. President Biden understands that. He also  understands that as long as the virus is spreading anywhere, it  threatens people everywhere. That is why we need a global response.   As incoming chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am  committed to supporting the President's proposal expeditiously. The  American people have endured enough despair, sickness, and death due to  the incompetence of the previous administration.   I also share President Biden's desire to make this a bipartisan  process. He and I served together in this body, and I know he wants to  do that. But the price of bipartisanship cannot be a package that falls  far short of meeting the needs of the American people.   There were painful consequences for delaying another broad relief  package between April and December of last year, even though many of us  wanted to bring it to the floor of the Senate, and now there are  reasons why States today don't have the quantity of vaccines they need,  why our schools are being closed, why millions are out of work, and why  the virus is spreading out of control. Valuable time was squandered.  Countless people suffered and died as a result.   So I certainly cannot accept a piecemeal approach or months of  further delay. The clock is ticking. In mid-March, key benefits that  millions of Americans are relying on to survive will begin to lapse. We  can't allow a self-inflicted wound to make their lives even worse.   Now, I am glad to see several of my friends from the other side of  the aisle bring forth their own plan, but I am afraid the plan they  have shown so far shortchanges America in critical ways. It provides  little of the resources needed to reopen schools. It doesn't include  money for State and local governments that are on the frontlines  fighting this virus. And those State and local governments have been  forced to lay off more than 1 million people since March. It cuts  direct payments t struggling families from $1,400 to $1,000. If you are  one of those struggling families, it not only hurts, it can be  devastating.    And their proposal completely ignores what every single public health  expert knows: If we don't help the lower income countries protect their  people, we cannot defeat the virus. This is a global pandemic, and as  long as it is spreading in Central America and Africa and Asia, the  virus and more deadly variants will find their way here. We learned  that when we got together and fought Ebola when it was only an airplane  flight away. Well, these strains are popping up all over the world. We  have to work with other countries.   So I am hopeful there may be a bipartisan path forward, but I am not  going to concede any tools at our disposal that can deliver the relief  that the American people need--the relief long overdue.   I support the budget resolution that has been introduced. It put us  on a path to passing a COVID relief package through the budget  reconciliation process, and there is no reason a reconciliation bill  can't be bipartisan. We have passed at least 17 bipartisan  reconciliation bills since 1980 on behalf of the American people, and I  welcome any Republican who would like to discuss where we could reach a  compromise.   But let us not forget for a moment we are in the midst of a public  health emergency, and right now the virus is winning. We are not  winning; the virus is winning. So we can't waste months, like we did  last year, negotiating a plan that fails to mount an effective response  to the virus or to fully respond to the economic havoc it is causing.   We need quick action. We need a bold and comprehensive plan to fight  the virus. We need to get people back to work so our economy can  recover. That is what President Biden proposed.   You know, there is greater danger in doing too little than in doing  too much. Secretary Yellen stated it so well when she recently stated,  ``The smartest thing we can do is act big.''   It has been more than a year since this disease arrived in our  country. It was never going to just ``disappear.'' Viruses never do  that. So there is no excuse for dragging our feet. Let's all support  the bold package proposed by President Biden for the American people. I  know I will.   I see the distinguished Senator from Ohio on the floor, so I yield to  him.   