 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my three  amendments to GOP en bloc 1.   My first two amendments would cut wasteful spending in the SNAP  contingency fund which functions as a bureaucratic slush fund for the  Department of Agriculture. Though its purported use is for emergencies,  the funds sit unused in an agency account just waiting for the  Democrats or career bureaucrats to come along and direct it at their  will.   My amendments would strike the funding for $3 billion directed toward  this fund in the bill and rescind all of the money currently in the  fund, effectively abolishing the slush fund from being piled up by the  majority. Congress should not have to play whack-a-mole with slush  funds for the other side.   My final amendment would simply strike the provision in this bill  prohibiting any limitation on Federal telework or union activity on  official Federal time and in Federal office  [[Page H4062]]  space. This House is about to vote to require American taxpayers to  continue to pay for bureaucrats to phone it in from home and perform  union activities while on the taxpayer dime.   In short, Congress is subsidizing bad service to the taxpayers.   Remote work has created a backlog of over 2 million passport  applications. I expect that everybody in this body is hearing from  their constituents, as I am, about the backlog for passport  applications. If someone needs a passport sooner than 4 to 5 months  now, their only option is to pay an additional fee to expedite the  process to 12 weeks. That is the expedited timeframe, 12 weeks with an  extra fee.   The House is now debating a government funding bill that prevents the  ability of Federal managers to end telework and require that union  activities be performed outside of Federal time and away from Federal  office space. We must stop rewarding workers for not showing up for  work.   Without my amendment, this bill is nothing more than an abuse of the  American taxpayer.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.   