 Madam President, first, I thank Senator Cornyn for his  remarks, particularly the points he made about the ruling of the  Parliamentarian. I come to the floor to address the same issue.  [[Page S6544]]    We received last night guidance from the Senate Parliamentarians  regarding the unprecedented attempt to include wide-ranging immigration  provisions in the upcoming reconciliation bill.   Now, for the public at large, when they hear the word  ``reconciliation,'' it is a process by which you don't have to have 60  votes in the U.S. Senate to get to finality on a bill. But  reconciliation is something that has been used only twice, I believe,  in the last 5 years. So it is not something that you just willy-nilly  go to to get a lot of things done that you couldn't otherwise get done.  But this looks like what the Democrat majority is trying to do in the  reconciliation bill with the issue of immigration, and so I am thankful  for the decision made by the Parliamentarian.   That guidance by the Parliamentarian indicated that a proposal to  legalize millions of undocumented immigrants is not appropriate for  inclusion in a budget reconciliation bill.   As ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, my office was  deeply involved in the bipartisan discussions that took place with the  Parliamentarian on this issue. I will say that I agree with the  Parliamentarian's guidance. I think it reflects an obvious truth-- changing the law to legalize millions of undocumented immigrants is a  major policy change with significant impact that reaches far beyond the  Federal budget and not appropriate for reconciliation.   More broadly, reform of our immigration laws is an important public  policy issue. It is a topic that many Americans and many Members of  Congress on both sides of the aisle care deeply about. It is an issue  that inspires fierce debate, sharp disagreements, and great passion in  people on both sides of the argument. It does so because, at its core,  the issue of immigration is about the policies that we put in place to  give people from all around the world one of the most meaningful and  precious gifts that we can give--the right to legally establish your  life here and, in many cases, pursue American citizenship. And whether  you pursue citizenship or not, you have the right to the American  dream.   And you can see how important that coming to the United States is by  just the hundreds of thousands of people so far this year breaking our  laws to come into this country. It shows you how exceptional our great  America is and the economic and the political and the social system we  have that is so endeared to people all over the world that they want to  come here, even breaking our laws to get here.   And, of course, whether it is citizenship or the American dream, that  is not something that can be boiled down to a Congressional Budget  Office score. It is not something that can be reduced to a line item in  the Federal budget. I think everyone here in Congress and Americans  around the country already knew that.    That is what made this most recent attempt to abuse the  reconciliation process by the Democratic leadership even more obvious.   As ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I look forward  to continue working with my colleagues on measures to secure the border  and improve our immigration system, but those measures need to be  pursued in a way that complies with the rules of the Senate, not the  subterfuge of what we call reconciliation.   The recent proposal put forward by Democrats in the Senate clearly  was not, and I hope we can engage in a more productive legislative  process moving forward on the subject of immigration.   I yield the floor.   