 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the bipartisan Farm  Workforce Modernization Act, which is an opportunity to provide  meaningful reform that we have been waiting for, for years.   This measure is supported by a bipartisan coalition that includes not  only the United Farm Workers and other labor organizations, but a  majority of farm organizations across the country. What this is really  about is an opportunity to fix a part of a broken immigration system.   I want to thank not only Chairman Nadler, but also Chairwoman Zoe  Lofgren and   Dan Newhouse for the hard work that they have done to  bring this legislation to the floor, bipartisan support on both sides  of the aisle.   Let me begin with the fact that food is a national security issue. It  is a national security issue. Less than 5 percent of America's  population is directly involved in the production of food and fiber  that feeds our Nation. That partnership is between farmworkers and  farmers and dairy men and women.   I know because my family represents a third-generation family.  Farmworkers are some of the hardest working individuals you will ever  meet. I know because I worked side by side for years growing up on my  family's farm.   It is simply wrong that they be subject to living and working under a  shadow of uncertainty and fear of being deported. That is not right.   This bill is not about the border. The border has been a problem for  decades. It is not about amnesty. This is an earned basis to have legal  status in America. I have spoken with the hardworking men and women and  their young children who work to put food on America's dinner table,  and I've seen the hope in their eyes, the hope that we can pass this  legislation to provide them legal status, hope for a normal life free  of the dread of family separation that too often happens with  deportation that hangs over them every day when they go to work, hope  for a chance to change their reality and reshape their story.   This measure involves protections. It involves E-Verify. It involves  an opportunity to reform an H-2A program for a reliable workforce for  American agriculture. We owe it to the individuals who do so much for  us. I ask that you support this legislation.   