 First, I would like to associate myself with the  remarks from the Senator from Iowa, who very clearly stated the  problems that people all across the country are facing. I love the line  about we can't even claim the government as a dependent because the  government truly is dependent upon the people of this great country.   Tax day is just a few days away so I come to the floor to oppose the  tax hikes proposed by President Biden. Today, tax revenues in America  are at a near-record high of all times. We don't have a revenue  problem; we have a spending problem. Yet President Biden wants to take  more money out of the wallets of America's hard-working men and women.   How much is he calling for? Astonishingly, $3 trillion in additional  taxes. This is on top of the taxes that are already being paid. It is  the biggest tax increase in over half a century.   It is supposed to pay for a lot of liberal spending ideas. It is a  big liberal agenda that this President is promoting. Yet even with  these historic tax increases being proposed, our Nation will still need  to continue to borrow money from China.   In just over 100 days, President Biden has already put $1.99 trillion  on our Nation's credit card. Now he wants more. In total, President  Biden's agenda would cost more than America's total commitment to World  War II. Are these liberal spending proposals as important to our Nation  as was our victory in World War II? Of course not.   As I have said before, our economy was already on track to be back to  normal this summer. That was before President Biden passed his spending  bill on a party-line vote crammed through the Senate after a middle-of- the-night debate, crammed through on a direct party-line vote using  budget reconciliation.   President Biden has said--it is interesting, astonishing, and amusing  to listen to the President when he says only the rich will have to pay  these taxes. The American people have seen this movie before. We know  as Americans that when we hear politicians say only the rich will pay,  it is time to hold on to your wallet because they are coming for you.   Working families are going to pay in the form of higher prices, lower  wages, and fewer job opportunities.   We are already seeing higher prices. We are seeing significant  inflation since the day President Biden has taken office. We see it  again today with the newest economic statistics that have come out. We  hear about it at home on the weekends as we talk to folks at home about  what is happening with their day-to-day life and their expenses.   Experts tell us that President Biden's tax hikes could destroy a  million jobs--a million jobs. When Republicans cut taxes in 2017--and  it is good to be here on the floor with my friend and colleague from  Ohio who is one of the four horsemen who put that proposal together on  behalf of the Republicans--revenue at the Federal Government actually  went up. It is the same thing that happened when taxes were cut under  President Coolidge and Kennedy and Reagan and George W. Bush.   If you cut taxes, there is more money in people's hands. They can do  what they want to do with that money and make better decisions than the  government. I think it is very important to let people keep more of  their hard-earned money. They make better decisions than Washington,  DC, does.   People can decide what they want to spend, what they want to save,  what they want to invest, how much they want to donate. And all four of  these are very good for our Nation. That means more jobs, more growth,  and, ultimately, more tax revenue with more people working, even though  each is paying less in taxes individually.   I have much more confidence when money is in the hands of the  American people than I do when it is in the hands of the politicians in  Washington, DC.   I would urge all of my colleagues to say: Stop these tax hikes. Stop  this reckless spending. Let people keep more of their hard-earned money  and make decisions for themselves.   I yield the floor.   