 Madam President, infrastructure is important. We all need  it. We rely on it to get to and from our homes, to and from work. We  rely on it for our day-to-day needs. It has to be there. Not all of it  has to be Federal, and what is Federal can be made more efficient. My  amendment today is directed at exactly that set of objectives.   It would finally resolve the fiscal insolvency of the highway trust  fund and give Americans a tax cut. It would allow Americans to pay less  and Federal, State, and local governments to build more. Pay less,  build more--that is the emphasis of this entire amendment. We should  pay less for what we need, and we should build more of it.   Specifically, my amendment would transfer $120 billion in unused  COVID-19 funds to the highway trust fund. It returns the scope of the  highway trust fund dollars so that they can be used only for projects  on the Interstate Highway System. This was, after all, why the gasoline  tax was created, and it ought to be what we use it for today. After  all, most roads are not interstate, and most systems are not the  Interstate Highway System. The Federal Government doesn't need to do  all of it.   And, in fact, what we find is that, when States and localities do  infrastructure, they can do so more efficiently, far less expensively  as a result of the Byzantine labyrinth of Federal regulations that you  have to comply with as soon as you are doing any kind of a road project  that involves even a single dollar of Federal funds. My amendment also  requires a 5-year plan to pay off all of our highway trust fund's  outstanding obligations.   And, on day one, my amendment reduces the fuel tax from 18.4 cents to  7 cents on gasoline and the diesel tax from 24.3 to 8.3 cents to keep  pace with the current spending needs of the Interstate Highway System.   We also can't forget the burdensome Federal regulations and  intervention that balloon the costs of our country's infrastructure  projects. The Competitive Enterprise Institute has estimated that  Federal regulations and intervention cost American consumers and  businesses nearly $2 trillion annually. We know that, within Federal  infrastructure projects, there are a multitude of Federal regulations  that drive up the cost of each project by as much  [[Page S5690]]  as 20 percent, in many cases more like 30 percent, and I am told, in  some cases, even more than that.   Ultimately, we drive up infrastructure costs when we make the  projects Federal. It doesn't need to be this way, because most of these  are not Federal projects. That is why my amendment also addresses two  key regulatory challenges in our infrastructure context.   One, it reforms the NEPA process to ensure projects are given certain  timelines and not stalled out by frivolous lawsuits. It reforms NEPA so  that our infrastructure money actually goes to NEPA rather than  resulting in endless delays brought about by NEPA and NEPA-related  litigation.   Two, it repeals the Davis-Bacon wage requirements that artificially  increase the labor costs beyond what the market demands--labor costs  that are especially important and hard felt right now given the labor  shortage.   The Senate has a choice today. You can choose to pay less and build  more. You can offer Americans a tax cut--a tax cut that will affect  poor and middle-class Americans most acutely, most immediately, most  directly--and it will also simultaneously provide long-term solvency to  the highway trust fund and lower the costs of our Nation's  infrastructure projects.   Or, alternatively, if you don't want to vote for this, you can choose  our current path, which is to continue to saddle the American people  with debt, more inflation, financial insolvency, and more inevitable  taxes. You can also vote against it and choose to continue the current  practice of allowing for endless, needless, pointless delays in our  infrastructure projects that really harm Americans.   Look, at the end of the day, we just want more of our tax dollars  going into funding steel and concrete to go into the ground so that  America's moms and dads can spend less time stuck in gridlock traffic  and more time with their families. The choice seems very clear to me.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this amendment to build more  and pay less.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   