 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Mr. DeSaulnier from  California for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I first want to acknowledge, along with Mr.  DeSaulnier, the poignant loss that we all feel here in the House with  the departure of our friend, Alcee Hastings. He was a fixture in the  Rules Committee for all the years I have been on the committee.  Certainly, while yesterday we acknowledged that we feel his absence, we  also feel his presence. He was truly larger than life on the committee.   Today's rule provides for consideration of two bills that are meant  to improve working conditions and compensation. The House actually  considered these same bills last Congress. They did not receive  consideration in the Senate, and I do not believe any substance has  changed in the underlying bills.   The first bill, H.R. 7, the Paycheck Fairness Act, seeks to prevent  wage discrimination on the basis of sex, a fact that is already  prohibited under current law. This legislation will help trial lawyers  but offers no new protections against pay discrimination.   The Equal Pay Act of 1963 prohibits all discrimination in pay based  upon sex or any other non-job-performance-related issue. Title VII of  the Civil Rights Act protects against discrimination based on race,  color, national origin, religion, and sex. Sex-based wage disparity is  in direct violation of not one but two Federal laws.   It is important to acknowledge that bad actors engage in gender pay  discrimination. Their actions are illegal,  [[Page H1777]]  and they leave employers vulnerable to burdensome lawsuits and heavy  fines.   I could not agree more that such discrimination has no place in any  business or in society in general. However, those who perpetrate these  illegal acts are the exception and not the rule.   Congress must not forget the positive economic trends that this  Nation enjoyed before the arrival of the novel coronavirus in the  United States. The Trump administration made great strides reining in  Federal overreach, which quickly improved opportunities for all  Americans. Unemployment was at the lowest level in nearly half a  century, and median wages across all demographic groups rose faster  than at any other time in American history.   Unfortunately, the majority has crafted legislation that would place  greater burdens on employers, reduce the privacy of employees, and  increase Federal spending. H.R. 7 does little to protect the wages of  American workers who are experiencing gender pay discrimination. In  fact, it makes it harder for employers to defend legitimate  differentials in pay based on factors other than sex.   Currently, employers may pay differential wages due to factors other  than sex, like education, training, or experience. This means that all  other things being equal, a woman cannot be paid differently than a  man. When an employee brings different qualifications to the job, such  as she has an advanced degree or more experience, the factors used to  evaluate employee pay are no longer equal. This preserves the  flexibility for employers to make the best decision for their  businesses, including hiring the most qualified individuals, regardless  of sex.   H.R. 7 would now require that non-sex reasons for any wage disparity  have a business necessity, a term which is not defined in the bill.  Providing a gender-based business necessity that accounts for the  entire differential in pay is nearly an impossible standard to defend  against.   This change to a bona fide factor defense does not consider the  reality of the labor market. Employees are often willing to accept  lower pay for greater control over their work location, schedule, and  vacation time. Studies have shown that this is particularly true for  women.   With the threat of lawsuits hanging over the heads of employers, they  are less likely to allow for flexibility in the workplace. Instead of  allowing employees to negotiate their own pay and work arrangements,  employers will be incentivized to transform jobs that were once  negotiable and flexible into jobs that are much more rigid.   H.R. 7 also limits an employer's ability to pay its employees based  on performance. If a woman were to earn a performance-based bonus or  salary increase that her male coworker did not receive, then that man  could file suit against the employer on the basis that the bonus is not  a business necessity due to the vagueness in terms in H.R. 7. With this  threat in mind, employers are much less likely to use performance-based  pay and bonuses, despite studies showing that such pay models actually  do increase employee productivity.   While legitimate claims do exist, and I hope that all employees who  have experienced discrimination do seek legal remedy, the changes in  H.R. 7 would significantly increase the size and profitability of  lawsuits, making nonmeritorious claims even more likely for trial  lawyers looking for new cash flows. That is the inherent danger.   H.R. 7 also requires employers to provide disaggregated employee  information to the Department of Labor without delineating mechanisms  to keep that information safe. Have we ever heard that the Federal  Government has lost employee data or that the Federal Government may  not be the best steward of citizens' private information? Maybe we  should limit the data received until those capabilities are, in fact,  improved and verified.    The second bill included in this rule, H.R. 1195, requires that the  Secretary of Labor issue a rule on workplace violence prevention in the  healthcare and social service sectors. Some may be surprised to hear  that acts of violence are the third leading cause of fatal occupational  injuries. Of these incidents, approximately 8 percent were  intentionally caused by another person.   When Americans go to work each day, they do not expect to face  violence or other harm. This risk is especially high for healthcare  providers and social workers. These caregivers can be subject to  patients who may not be in control when under the influence of  medication or may have some other mental stress, upset family members,  ongoing domestic disputes, and, unfortunately, even gang violence.   The rate of workplace violence resulting in days away from work for  healthcare providers is, on average, four times higher than for other  professions. In addition, healthcare providers and social workers are  less likely to report incidents. This may be partly due to the pledge  to do no harm and the inclination to forgive patient-caused injuries as  accidental. Regardless of the situation, all workers deserve a safe  workplace.   Currently, there is no mandatory standard on workplace violence  prevention. However, in 2015, the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration published guidelines for preventing workplace violence  for healthcare and social service workers and is currently working on a  rule for workplace violence prevention.   H.R. 1195 would require the Secretary of Labor to issue a rule on  workplace violence prevention based upon OSHA's 2015 guidelines. An  interim standard is required within 1 year, and a final rule must be  issued within 2 years.   While the goal of this legislation is very important, the timeframe  imposed on the Department of Labor and OSHA does exceed the norm. While  no one believes that we should continue to delay worker protections,  OSHA has already begun the rulemaking process and is gathering  stakeholder input.   Perhaps, rather than pass a bill to require the issuance of a rule,  we should be considering reforms to the entire OSHA rulemaking process.  In other words, let's improve the bureaucracy rather than simply  flogging it.   While an OSHA rulemaking would ensure enforcement of workplace  violence prevention policies, according to a 2018 American Hospital  Association survey, 97 percent of respondents reported they already  have a workplace violence prevention policy in place. In 2019, the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention stated that additional  research was required to identify effective strategies to prevent  violence, particularly in healthcare settings.   We can all agree that there is a need for OSHA to do its work to  issue a workplace violence prevention regulation to protect healthcare  providers and social service workers. I hope we are able to accomplish  this goal, but I do worry that we are placing another costly burden on  entities through what is supposed to be an expedited process that may  require modification in the future to ensure an effective and safe  workplace for all Americans.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, Republicans will  amend the rule immediately to consider H.R. 2430, the Temporary  Reauthorization and Study of the Emergency Scheduling of Fentanyl  Analogues Act. This critical bill would extend the Drug Enforcement  Administration's authority to temporarily schedule fentanyl analogues  for another year.   Unfortunately, President Biden's open border policy is encouraging  drug trafficking of substances like fentanyl. So it is imperative that  the Drug Enforcement Administration retain this authority to keep those  dangerous substances out of our communities.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, this is a critical reauthorization and it  is imperative to maintaining our Nation's efforts to address the opiate  epidemic.   In February of 2018, the Drug Enforcement Administration used its  authority to place nonscheduled fentanyl-like substances temporarily  into schedule I for a period of 2 years. It is important that we do not  let this authorization lapse, as it listed fentanyl is still an eminent  threat to Americans.   The Drug Enforcement Administration testified that the positive  impacts since implementing this temporary schedule are significant,  stating that prior to this action, the DEA observed a rapid and  continuous emergence of a new fentanyl-like substance each time it is  scheduled to remove a fentanyl-like substance. In other words, you take  one out and one would pop up.   We simply cannot return to that reality because of the deadly nature  of this substance.   Just last month, two north Texas teenagers died from counterfeit  pills containing fentanyl. Last year, the Dallas DEA found over 16  kilograms of fentanyl targeting the region. It contained over 8 million  lethal doses--one for every north Texas resident.   Unfortunately, throughout this pandemic, the opiate crisis has  continued, and it has gotten worse. Exacerbating this problem is the  ease with which fentanyl is being smuggled across our southern border.  The changes in border security enforcement that have occurred have sent  a message to the cartels and the drug smugglers that securing our  sovereignty is no longer an administration priority. What is worse is  that some adults and children are forced to carry these drugs into the  United States by smugglers. Sometimes innocent individuals traffic  drugs into the United States in their vehicles without even knowing  that the cartels have placed it there without their knowledge.   The only way to limit the exploitation of innocent individuals and to  protect our American communities is to limit the market for these vile  products.   During the past year, this country has suffered over half a million  deaths to an unforeseen disease. We should do everything we can to  trample the market of a known killer: fentanyl. We must equip our  communities to address this issue at its very source.   The temporary emergency rescheduling of fentanyl analogues to  schedule I is a necessary tool for the Drug Enforcement Administration  to work with other agencies and law enforcement officials to address  the threat of illicit fentanyl.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support this bill, and I strongly urge  fellow Members to defeat the previous question and support H.R. 2430.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter) to speak on the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Georgia.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Meijer) to speak on the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   And just to speak a little further on the amendment that has been  offered if the previous question is defeated, H.R. 2430; like so many  Members, I too have traveled down to the border. The difference is I  have done that many times over the last 12 years.   It has never been this bad; and I need to emphasize that. I encourage  the President and the Vice President to visit the southern border, come  to the Lower Rio Grande Valley and see for themselves, firsthand, just  how bad this crisis is.   And then back to the business at hand. I want to be very clear about  the two bills included in today's rule. Wage discrimination has no  place in any society, and it is currently illegal in the United States  of America.   The path Congress must take is to not increase opportunities for  trial lawyers, but to continue its focus on strong economic policy that  actually expands opportunities for all Americans.   Prior to the pandemic, nearly 75 million women participated in the  workforce, more than at any other time in history. A robust and  resilient economy will provide the jobs, provide the wages and the wage  gains that Americans expect and deserve.   Also, workplace violence is a threat that no American should have to  face. The threat is particularly high for healthcare workers and social  service workers. These workers dedicate their lives to taking care of  others, and they deserve to be taken care of in return.   While I support the goal of H.R. 1195, I believe it would benefit  from further discussion to ensure that the timeline for issuing a rule  and developing workplace violence prevention will produce the most  effective and safe outcome for American workers.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question, ``no''  on the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   