 Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the  nominations of Ambassador Nicholas Burns to be Ambassador to China, Mr.  Ramin Toloui to be an Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and  Business Affairs, and Mr. Rashad Hussain to be Ambassador at Large for  International Religious Freedom.   These are a superb group of highly qualified nominees, deserving of  the positions for which they have been nominated, and I will speak  briefly about them.   Ambassador Burns is an outstanding public servant, one of the  Nation's best, and I am pleased to support his nomination as the next  Ambassador to China. He has a long and distinguished record in public  service, including as Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs  under the Bush administration and U.S. Ambassador to NATO.   If there is a place that we need an Ambassador, it is China. We have  spent so much time, both in committee and on the floor, hearing about  the challenges of China, but we don't have a U.S. Ambassador to help us  meet those challenges.   It is no secret that the China of today is challenging the United  States and destabilizing the international community in almost every  dimension of power--political, diplomatic, economic, military, and even  cultural. That is why Ambassador Burns' experiences and skill will be  crucial as he confronts the monumental task ahead of him.   I am also pleased to be supporting Mr. Ramin Toloui's nomination to  be the Assistant Secretary for Economic and Business Affairs at the  State Department. His experience and skill set, including as a former  Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Finance, where he  represented the United States in forums like the G7 and the G20, will  be necessary in order to be an effective Assistant Secretary,  especially one who will play such a critical role in our economic  diplomacy vis-a-vis China and as we must reinvigorate the instruments  of our economic diplomacy at home. I believe Mr. Toloui represents the  importance of getting our economic statecraft right.   Lastly, I am also pleased to support Mr. Rashad Hussain to be our  Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. Throughout his  impressive public service, Mr. Hussain has demonstrated his strong  commitment to protecting the rights of religious and ethnic minorities,  including as the U.S. Special Envoy for Strategic Counterterrorism  Communications, where he led efforts to counter anti-Semitism and  protect Christian minorities in Muslim-majority countries.   Religious freedom, like every human right, is universal, but for many  people around the world, this right is out of reach, and religious  persecution is on the rise. That is why it is important that we confirm  Mr. Hussain.   While it is positive news that we are confirming these three nominees  today and a few more, I hope, in the next day, I am deeply concerned  that we have more than 50 nominees who will remain pending on the  Senate floor, having passed the committee, almost all of them by strong  bipartisan votes, who are subject to delays and obstacles.   We are less safe when our national security Agencies are so short- staffed. We owe it to the American people to fix this problem so that  we can be represented abroad.   With that, I yield the floor.    We yield back any other time we had.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   