 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the budget  resolution. The COVID-19 pandemic is continuing to inflict widespread  harm across our communities. In addition to the thousands of people who  are dying every day from this virus, millions of workers remain  unemployed, students are falling further behind, and an unprecedented  number of American families are facing hunger and homelessness. Anyone  who doubts the need for urgent and immediate COVID-19 relief is not  paying attention to the multiple ongoing crises affecting people across  the country.   We will continue working with our Republican colleagues to find areas  of agreement so that we can provide our constituents with the support  they desperately need, but we can't put the label of bipartisanship  ahead of the urgent needs of our communities. Our constituents don't  want us to say that we could have provided relief checks in the amount  of $1,400, but we needed to work with the Republicans, and now they are  only $1,000.   The upcoming COVID-19 rescue package must extend assistance for the  unemployed Americans, protect all workers from COVID-19 infections, and  support frontline workers who have cared for our loved ones and kept  food on the table during the pandemic.   The rescue package must also provide schools the necessary resources  to open safely, to help institutions of higher education cope with  severe financial strain, and to keep childcare providers afloat. We  must also expand nutrition assistance to ensure that our children and  families do not go hungry.   Finally, the COVID-19 rescue package must help close the massive  State and local budget shortfalls, which will inevitably force painful  cuts to education and other public services if left unaddressed.   Mr. Speaker, we are at a critical moment in the fight against COVID- 19. We have the responsibility to do everything in our power to meet  the basic needs of the American people. This budget resolution gives  Congress an additional tool to pass a COVID rescue package that will  confront the pandemic and deliver the immediate relief that our  constituents deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the resolution.   