 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    This is one of those days that we often have, at least  for me, that is both happy and sad.   A couple of weeks ago, I was back home in Louisiana. I was sitting at  my dining room table, minding my own business, drinking a cup of  coffee, petting my two dogs--dogs are the best people--and I got a  phone call from one Mr. John R. Steitz, who is my deputy chief of staff  for policy and my legislative director. I knew this phone call was  coming someday. I knew it. I  [[Page S4996]]  didn't know it was coming so soon, but I knew someday I would get this  call.   John said: Senator, they made me an offer I can't refuse. I am going  to take it.   I have to be honest. I thought to myself: Damn, you know, Steitz is  leaving. Another part of me was saying: God, I am so happy for him. I  am really pleased with his new position in the private sector.   I wanted to suggest to him that if he needed any help picking out a  new Mercedes, I could come help him. If he gets it down to this color  or that color, he could just buy two.   I have known some folks in public service. The Presiding Officer has  too. I have known some people in business--to each his own--who are  often afraid to hire people more capable than them or smarter than  them, and that is human nature, you know. I get it. I will have a lot  to answer for on judgment day, but doing that is not one of the things.  I have always tried to hire people who were smarter than me or more  capable than me or had talents that I don't have. But there is a price  you pay when you do that. You are going to lose them at some point  because you can't keep a good person down. And that is John Steitz. So  I knew this day was coming. That is why it really is bittersweet.   John is--most of you know him--John is a graduate of SMU.   When we are joking around, I like to say that the closest John ever  got to a 4.0 at SMU was his blood-alcohol level, but that is not  accurate. John, as we all know--and we are kidding--is whip-smart. He  finished SMU in public policy and business administration. I think he  had a minor in cheerleaders, but he never neglected his studies. He is  a very smart guy. He is whip-smart. Don't ever let him try to kid you.   Brooks, his better half, who is here with us today, is an  accomplished professional in her own right; and they are a team, I can  assure you. When you work the hours that John Steitz works, you had  better do it as part of a team.   They have two children. Eleanor is their oldest. I am told that  Eleanor's very first words were ``vote-arama.'' She said ``vote-arama''  before she said ``Mama'' or ``Daddy.'' That is an exaggeration, but  probably not by much. They have a young son, John, Jr., whom they call  Jack.   If I taught a class or if the Presiding Officer taught a class, and  if we told the truth about how a bill becomes a law, I think a lot of  Americans would be surprised. This is not ``Mr. Smith Goes to  Washington.'' It is hard to pass a bill in the U.S. Senate. It is  supposed to be, because that is our job, to not act on the basis of  feelings but to act on the basis of logic. It is a lot of work to get a  bill passed. I have been able to pass a couple, and I wouldn't have  passed one single, solitary one of them without John Steitz.   I made a list here--and I am not going to read all of it--of stuff,  like the National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act, the Justice  Against Corruption on K Street Act, the RBIC Advisers Relief Act, the  Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, and the Rebuilding Small  Businesses After Disasters Act.   You know, this isn't all my doing. This has John Steitz's  fingerprints all over it--on every one of these bills.   John has a rare combination, and he is going to do really well in the  private sector. I mentioned that he is whip-smart, and he is, but it  takes more than that to succeed around here. First, you have got to  have a work ethic. You have got to be willing to put in the hours. I  can't tell you the number of times I looked around when I was working  late and I would see Steitz there.   I would say: Steitz, go home for God's sake. Brooks is going to  change the locks on you. She may already have.   He was there constantly. I don't know when he found the time to  father Eleanor and Jack. I mean, he was always in the office.   So you have got to have a work ethic, but it is more than that. You  have got to like people; you have got to understand people; and you  have got to respect people. You have got to know which bridge to burn  and which bridge to cross. You have got to understand when to go  forward and say, ``To hell with it. We are going full speed ahead,''  and when to back off a little bit.   It is a lot more art than science, and everybody in this Chamber  knows what I am talking about. That is not something you pick up in a  week.   When I asked John to be my legislative director before he became  deputy chief of staff, he didn't have all of this. I mean, he was as  green as a gourd. I was too. He learned it. He learned it on the job,  and, boy, did he do an incredible job.   There is one other quality you have got to have to succeed around  this place aside from smarts, work ethic, respect for other people, and  integrity, all of which John Steitz has. You have got to care. You have  really got to care. You can't fake it, you know. You can't be motivated  by moving up another rung on the ladder, though some people are. I get  it. We are all human. Sometimes that may be a part of it, but if that  is your sole motivation, you are not going to make it. People up here  on Capitol Hill are smart. They can smell it. So you can't be guided by  ambition. You have got to be guided by knowledge, yes; by wisdom, yes;  but also by empathy.   John knows what he believes. He believes what he believes, and he is  willing to fight for it. But he is also willing to listen to another  point of view. There were many times he would come to my office and  say: You know, here is what is going on. Look at it this way, but  listen to it from this perspective.   He is also sneaky. Now, I don't mean that in a bad way. By sneaky, I  mean he is a great strategist in terms of he can figure out how to go  from point A to point B to point C, do a half gainer, get to point D,  and circle back to point A.   There are some times when John has come to my office and said: Here  is how we are going to get this amendment done, or here is how we are  going to get this passed.   Then he will lay out the plan. I wish I could use examples, but I  would tip my hand. He would lay out the plan, and I would say: John,  this isn't college. Have you been smoking dope around here? This isn't  college. We can't do that. It will never ever work. It won't work.   It usually did. But I always said: Well, heck. Let's try it. If you  want to try it, I am willing to try. It is legal; it is honest; but it  is just such a long shot.   But it worked, and I was appreciative of that. That didn't just  happen. That came from smarts, hard work, and caring.   I guess I will end.   Thank you, Brooks, for sharing your time and for sharing John with  us. I know it wasn't easy for you. We are going to--I started to say  that we are going to miss you, but we expect you to come back around  and bring Eleanor and bring Jack and bring Chili. John has a great dog.  Chili became the mascot in the office. Chili is the best beggar you  have ever seen. I am going to miss him.   I want to thank John here today for giving so much. He could have  made a lot more money in the time he has been here in the private  sector because he is that talented, but he is moving to the private  sector. It is their gain and our loss. He is welcome back any time.   Thank you, John. Thank you, thank you, thank you not just on my  behalf, but on behalf of the people of Louisiana and on behalf of the  American people for giving so much to your country.   God bless you. Godspeed.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   