 Mr. Speaker, as the proud vice chair of the  House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I particularly want to call out  the critical relief that the American Rescue Plan provides for those  who have served our country.   The bill includes important funding for the Veterans Health  Administration, prohibits copayments for medical care for veterans  during the pandemic, strengthens VA's supply chain modernization, and  helps State Veterans Homes upgrade and enhance their safety operations.   It provides critical funding to increase VA's claims and appeals  process to reduce the backlog caused by COVID-19, and it funds enhanced  oversight through VA's Office of Inspector General.   As chair of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, I am particularly  proud that it provides $386 million for a rapid retraining program to  help unemployed veterans get back to work.   Thanks to the leadership of Committee Chairman Mark Takano and our  colleagues, this bill provides the relief that veterans need and  deserve.   To our Nation's veterans, help is on the way.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud  cosponsor of H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act.   This legislation has one simple goal: keep guns out of the hands of  people who are dangerous.   More than 90 percent of the American people support universal  background checks on every firearm sale or transfer, and that is what  this bill does.   Our constituents expect us to find common ground to finally end the  gun violence epidemic in this country. They expect us to pass this  bipartisan bill. The era of offering only thoughts and prayers is over.  It is over. The American people demand action. H.R. 8 is the action  they are calling for.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with the American people  and vote ``yes.'' Let's get this done.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the  Enhanced Background Checks Act.   In order to truly prevent bad actors from purchasing guns, we need  more transparency. My amendment to this legislation demands  transparency from government at both the State and Federal level and  ensures that we have complete information about prohibited individuals  attempting to get their hands on guns.   Right now, the background check system relies heavy on States  uploading accurate records. And with this amendment we can better  understand which States are doing a good job of uploading records to  the system and which are not. Without good and reliable information and  without transparency, background checks are much more likely to be  delayed resulting in a higher risk of more tragedies like the one at  Mother Emanuel Church.   With this amendment we can ensure that prohibited individuals won't  be sold a gun before their background check is fully completed. If we  truly want to keep guns out of the hands of violent individuals, my  amendment will get it done.   