 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to start by thanking some of  our colleagues--Senators Rounds, Ernst, and Kelly--for cosponsoring the  provisions of this amendment, and thank the chairman and ranking member  of the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senators Carper and  Capito, for their support as well.   I also want to acknowledge the good work of our House colleague,  Congressman Steve Lynch, on championing this issue.   So what is this amendment about? It is a commonsense amendment to  ensure that as we work on a bipartisan basis to modernize our  infrastructure for the 21st century, we also work together to ensure  that new infrastructure projects that flow from this bill and others  are financed securely.   Most Federal projects are financed securely by law. Most require some  [[Page S5707]]  kind of surety bond. That has been the case for almost 100 years in  this country. But because of an odd and old loophole, public-private  infrastructure partnerships, or P3 projects, often do not maintain the  same level of protection that has been required for public  infrastructure projects over time. That can spell disaster for  subcontractors, for workers, for taxpayers, and for the success of  projects that are not so secure.   We know that contractor defaults can cause costly delays, waste  taxpayer money, and leave residents and local stakeholders and project  workers in the lurch. In fact, one developer defaulted on a P3 project  in Indiana and left subcontractors without pay and left taxpayers on  the hook for over $300 million in additional project costs.   This amendment simply requires that P3 projects using TIFIA  financing--that is Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation  Act financing--be secured with a surety bond. That way, in the event a  contractor defaults, the protections by that bond ensure the completion  of those projects. They protect taxpayers, and they ensure that workers  and subcontractors and suppliers are paid for their work.   Not surprisingly, this effort is supported by a broad coalition of  organizations, including the American Subcontractors Association, the  National Association of Minority Contractors, and a wide range of other  contractors, because it will ensure that they are paid for the work  they do, and it will also protect taxpayers who otherwise are left in  the lurch if a contractor goes belly up and we do not have the  protection of this kind of surety bond. That is why this amendment has  broad bipartisan support, and I urge its adoption.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   