 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time, and I thank the President for his words. Above the entrance to  the House of Representatives is a sculpture called the Apotheosis of  Democracy. It depicts allegorical peace dressed in armor and protecting  the genius of America.   Last week, that peace was tragically torn apart as our U.S. Capitol  was invaded for the first time since the War of 1812. A violent mob,  including many with the most hostile of intentions, broke past security  barriers and unleashed destruction and chaos throughout the Capitol.  When it was over, six individuals were dead, including two Capitol  police officers.   I have always supported the rights of citizens to peaceably assemble,  but those who breached the Capitol and assaulted and killed Capitol  police should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. If their  intent was to stop the constitutional requirement of this body to count  electoral votes, they should be charged and prosecuted for insurrection  against the government.   But we are a Nation of laws, not of men, and the legal standard for  incitement to violence has not been met.   Now, a week since the riots threatened the people's House and a week  until a new President takes office, we are rushing through an  impeachment without all of the facts and evidence and without due  process.   We don't know what kind of information the offenders have, what  evidence will come out during their trials, whether it bolsters the  majority's claims or the minority's views, or whether it implicates  other individuals, groups, or other officials in the attack on this  hallowed institution. We just don't know, and that is why we must treat  the power of impeachment and our responsibility as holders of this  power with the seriousness and solemnity it deserves.   Let us gather the evidence. Let us hear the judiciary, make an  informed decision together. This action will only further fuel the  political divide among our citizens and will be detrimental to the  long-term efforts to unify our country.   I reiterate my call from last night. Let us work together. Both  President Trump and President-elect Biden have called for a peaceful  transition of power. I humbly beseech my colleagues to work toward this  end to unify our country and not go down this dangerous path.   