 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the objection.    It is with great pride and a profound sense of  responsibility that I object to the 2020 election in the State of  Pennsylvania.   I am very proud to stand alongside fellow patriots who have pushed  back against a fraudulent and criminal election process--a process that  was the antithesis to the very rule of law that governs these United  States.   At the same time, standing here tonight is surreal because this is a  critical juncture that will undoubtedly determine the survivability of  this great Republic.   Our free and fair election process--and by extension, the people's  trust in its legitimacy--is what has separated us as a nation. A  process that we have shared with the world, its moral force. A process  that now, sadly, has been bastardized by those more interested in the  maintenance of power than they are in the free and open voice of the  American people.   If I remember correctly, Democrats were calling for transparency in  2000 and 2004, when George W. Bush was elected; and again in 2016, when  President Trump took office.    Where are you now?   I ask this, Madam Speaker: What do you have to lose by having a  thorough investigation to determine the validity of these votes?   Why not encourage an investigation to relieve the concerns of half of  the people in this country?   If you are so convinced that Biden was elected legitimately, what do  you have to fear?   If there was no fraud, simply show us the proof. Investigate it.  Validate it. This isn't about one candidate versus another. This is  about upholding the principles that are indispensable to the existence  of the democratic Republic that we are so fortunate to call home.   I have no doubt that there was widespread election fraud this past  November, and I am not alone. I stand here today speaking for 75  million Americans whose voice was unconstitutionally silenced.  [[Page H106]]    To you, the silenced, I say this: I will continue to fight for you.  You have been heard. For more than 240 years, tyranny has sought to  extinguish the light of freedom.   As Ronald Reagan said before: Freedom is a fragile thing, and it is  never more than one generation away from extinction.   The Constitution and the Bible on which it stands is stronger than  the cheap tyrannical tactics of those who seek to destroy it.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Budd).   