 Mr. Speaker, unions make American companies  less efficient, less profitable, less competitive, and they cost  American jobs.   I actually worked in a unionized auto factory during college, and I  saw the problems with unions firsthand.   Unions protect the unproductive worker; diminish the incentive to  stand out and be exceptional; treat everyone the same based on  seniority; encourage an entitlement mentality; and foster an attitude  of resentment toward management.   They have outlived their value from when they originated to correct  what are now unfair and unlawful labor practices.   Every employee should be inspired to progress within an organization  without at some point stepping over to the dark side because they  become stigmatized as a member of management.   The PRO Act is an example of government, or this very Congress,  employing its own union boss tactics to try to reverse the Nation's  downward trend in union membership.   It is no coincidence that unions are among the biggest contributors  to the Democrat party with over $200 million given last year alone.   Every State should be a right-to-work State, and that is what we  should encourage instead of trying to force union membership on the  Nation's workers.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the PRO  Act and to these amendments.   The PRO Act will ban right-to-work laws in 27 States. It will give  unions millions more dollars to funnel to Democrats by requiring all  workers to pay dues via payroll deduction, even if they don't support  the union.   From 2010 to 2018, unions sent $1.6 billion from employee dues to  leftwing groups, such as Planned Parenthood and the Clinton Foundation.  The PRO Act will require companies to provide union organizers their  private, personal contact information of employees so they can be  pressured, harassed, and intimidated into supporting the union.   It will eliminate secret ballots and replace those with card check,  where union bosses can simply collect authorization cards supposedly  from employees agreeing to organize. If the Union doesn't win the  election, it puts the burden on employees to prove they didn't engage  in unfair labor practices to influence the outcome.   The PRO Act destroys the franchise model, independent contractor  status, subcontractors, and gig workers by implementing a one-size- fits-all new employee classification. It repeals the ban on secondary  boycotts and subjects suppliers and affiliates to union pressure,  harassment, and intimidation tactics just because they do business with  the company that is under attack.   It prohibits the replacement of striking workers, giving unions and  employers risk-free leverage, unless the company closes; and eliminates  the employer's ability to serve customers and operate during a strike.  It massively increases fines and other penalties for employers.   The PRO Act will cost American businesses $47 billion annually, and I  urge its rejection.    Madam Speaker, the right to organize is  appropriately protected in America, the right to organize fairly,  honestly, and transparently.   My amendment would provide greater fairness and transparency by  prohibiting so-called neutrality agreements. These prevent an employer  from saying anything negative about the union and ensure that workers  only hear one side, the union boss's side.   Neutrality agreements often include card check in lieu of a secret  ballot, permit unions access to company property for organizational  efforts, and give private employee contact information to the unions.  The company, which was inevitably threatened with retaliatory  consequences if they didn't agree to the neutrality agreement, will  often provide the unions with a captive audience on company time to  present the prounion argument.   Neutrality agreements are grounded in the same leftist view that  companies are trying to take advantage of their employees. Neutrality  agreements should be prohibited. Employees should be permitted to hear  both sides, pro and con, regarding organizing, and then permitted to  make informed decisions by secret ballot.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call  up H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind  screens and back in the classrooms.    Shall not be infringed. Shall not be infringed.  The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   James Madison, our fourth President, the primary architect of the  Constitution and the first Congressman from Virginia's Fifth District,  said: ``Americans have the right and advantage of being armed--unlike  the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust  the people with arms.''   Our right to arm and defend ourselves is a God-given right, and we  are privileged to live in a country whose Founders had the wisdom and  the strength to codify that right in the Constitution.   James Madison and our other Founders recognized that this was a  fundamental right to protect our rights to life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness; and they had the foresight to include this right  among those first 10 amendments listed in the Constitution which were  intended to protect us from our government. It was James Madison who  also said: ``The truth is that all men having power ought to be  mistrusted.''   The Second Amendment is not about hunting--that is great. It is not,  again, primarily about self-defense or protecting our family--that is  essential. It is about being a check against tyranny and ensure we  remain a free people.   There is a reason it was the second right listed in the Bill of  Rights--second only to the First Amendment protections of our right to  free speech, assembly, and worship. The Second Amendment is the  guarantor or protector of all other rights. If our Second Amendment  right is not safe, then no rights are safe, and with this Democrat  majority in this Congress, this right is not safe.   In my last quote tonight from James Madison, he also said: ``I  believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the  people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by  violent and sudden usurpations.''   We are witnessing the gradual encroachment on our fundamental Second  Amendment right today by this Democrat majority.   