 Mr. President, it is an honor to rise today to deliver my  maiden speech.   Nine months ago, the people of Arizona trusted me with a great  responsibility: to represent them in the U.S. Senate; to do so during a  pandemic that has challenged every one of us, taken loved ones too  soon, and battered our economy; and to fill the remaining years of  Senator John McCain's sixth term.   Each day since then, I have gone to work for the people of Arizona,  striving to fulfill that responsibility, undeterred by the challenges  we have in front of us because that is what Arizonans have done over  the last year and a half--protecting their families from this virus,  keeping themselves and their businesses afloat, and looking out for  their neighbors.   Arizonans have faced down this virus and the economic fallout that  came with it with determination. And I came here to have their backs  and to work towards a brighter future for our growing State because we  can't just rebuild our economy the way it was before. We have to  reinvent it and create the jobs of the future, good-paying jobs that  you can actually raise a family on. It is a long to-do list. But, hey,  I am used to those.    The checklist for flying the Space Shuttle stands about 6 feet tall.  The Senate, though, is not NASA. It doesn't move as fast. And it is not  the U.S. Navy, either, where everyone works together toward a common  goal.   But my wife, Gabby, taught me a thing or two about how to listen and  how to find common ground. Now, she loved representing Arizona in  Congress, and no one works harder than she does. Now, neither of us  expected that it would be me serving here in the U.S. Senate. I might  have been the astronaut, but it turned out that she is the one who  would nearly lose her life serving our country.   I am so proud of her and of her relentless positivity that she brings  to her continued rehabilitation. It inspires me each and every day. I  could not do this without her support or the support of my daughters,  Claudia and Claire, or my first grandchild, Sage, who was born in May.  Maybe, I am not so sure about her support; she is only 2 months old.   But in my first days here, I spoke to Republicans and Democrats to  work on emergency COVID relief. For so many Arizonans, the relief we  got passed was a lifeline--the difference between bankruptcy and  keeping the lights on, between losing their small business and paying  their employees. I have heard that countless of times as I have  traveled across the State.   In March, on my 100th day in the Senate, I spoke with a group of  Arizonans to understand how COVID-19 was impacting them and their  families. One of those conversations really stuck with me, and I want  to take a second to tell you about Susana Andrade.   Prior to the pandemic, Susana worked in a school cafeteria in South  Phoenix. Her husband worked as a landscaper. When the pandemic spiked  in Arizona, her husband's work slowed down and the school closed. But  Susana and her coworkers kept going to work. The school was continuing  to offer meals for pickup for students and families who needed them,  and a lot of them needed these meals. She told me that they initially  were just offering breakfast and lunch, but then they added dinner and  a snack because the demand was just so high.   Susana and her coworkers knew how hard the pandemic had hit the  community, how many folks were out of work. There were students who  wouldn't eat if they weren't there to make the meals. So she kept going  to work, making and packing meals for students and their families.   And, then, in February, she and her entire family got sick with  COVID. She couldn't go to work for weeks, and she and her family  struggled to pay their bills that month while they tried to recover.   Now, Susana's story has stuck with me over the last year. Here is a  hard-  [[Page S5798]]  working Arizona family doing everything right, who just got knocked off  their feet. At the same time, Susana embodies the best of what we saw  during this awful pandemic: neighbors and parents making tremendous  sacrifices to help one another get through this.   I spoke to Susana recently. She told me that days after we spoke in  March, she and her family received their stimulus checks, and it made  such a big difference in their lives. But she is still now living  paycheck to paycheck, working two jobs, trying to provide for her  family to just get ahead.   I understand that. Growing up, my mother worked both as a secretary  and a waitress at the same time. When my brother and I were in middle  school, she decided to become a police officer, like my dad. But she  had to pass this physical fitness test, which was designed for men. But  my mother was not discouraged. She wasn't discouraged by that or by the  fact that, if she would pass, she would become one of the first female  police officers in our home town. In fact, I think she liked that. That  was my mom for you.   But I knew that she believed that the increased and steady salary  would help our family. My mother wanted to give my brother and me every  opportunity to succeed. She showed us what we could achieve by having a  goal and a plan and working hard at it.   I am here because of a good public education and because of the  opportunity that my parents created for me to serve our country and  pursue my dreams. But for so many families, it is becoming harder to  get ahead, and the pandemic only made this more difficult. Businesses  shuttered, savings drained, and debt and bills piled up.   What every parent wants--what my mom wanted--is to be able to work  hard and give their children a future filled with opportunity.   That is why the most important responsibility we have here is not  just to rebuild our economy but to reinvent it for the future. And  doing that starts with infrastructure: roads, bridges, water, the power  grid, high-speed internet. And it is not just in big cities but in  rural and small towns, in smalltown Arizona and Tribal communities.  That is the item on our checklist now.   Arizona is facing a severe drought that requires us to improve our  water infrastructure and increase or resiliency.   Schoolbuses on the Navajo Nation cost three times as much to maintain  because so many of the roads are unpaved.   I-10, which runs through the center of our State, between Tucson and  Phoenix, has not been expanded in years. A signal accident can cause  delays for hours. That happens almost every day.   It is clear that Arizona will benefit from upgrading and modernizing  our infrastructure. That is why, for the past few months, I have been  working with a group of Republicans and Democrats to come to an  agreement on a historic investment in our infrastructure. I advocated  for Arizona's priorities, and we worked together to find common ground  and work out our differences. And now we are on the verge of passing it   This is going to fix roads and bridges, improve Tribal water and  transportation infrastructure, expand affordable high-speed internet  access, and make Arizona more resilient to drought and wildfires.   I have been determined to deliver these infrastructure investments  that Arizona needs to continue to grow. We want to grow, and we want to  attract new and innovative companies to our State because Arizona's  prosperity depends on continuing to create new, high-paying jobs,  including growing our tech sector.   Now, one of the biggest success stories of our growing tech sector is  an industry that actually produces something physically small,  microchips.   Microchips go in everything, from our phones and appliances and cars  to computers, but also the most sophisticated fighter jets and missile  systems.   There is currently a global shortage of microchips, and the truth is,  today, just 12 percent of them are manufactured here in the United  States. It used to be 40 percent. Many foreign competitors, including  China, are investing heavily to try to dominate this industry.   Now, Arizona does manufacture a lot of microchips. It already employs  about 30,000 people in good-paying jobs in this industry, and it is  poised to grow. We recently announced investment plans from Intel and  the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company. Arizona can lead the  way as we restore more microchip manufacturing and development to  American soil.   That is the goal of this $52 billion plan that I spent months working  on with Senators Cornyn and Warner, to create new advanced  manufacturing facilities, or fabs, in places like Arizona. I made it my  mission to get this passed through the Senate because it is important.  It is important to our economy, and it is important to our national  security, ensuring that our supply chain for something so critical does  not depend on adversaries like China.   Transformational investments such as this will create thousands of  high-paying jobs, and we got it passed through the Senate, Republicans  and Democrats working together.   Now, we must continue working on this checklist, getting Arizonans  the skills they need for these new jobs. For some, that will mean  getting a college degree in science or engineering.   Arizona is home to three world-class universities that are leaders in  research and innovation. We must continue to educate the best  scientists and engineers in the world. That is the only way we are  going to stay ahead.   At the same time, we know that about a third of students who graduate  from high school will not pursue a 4-year degree. Now, that doesn't mean that they can't be set up for  success in the 21st century economy, and we need to make sure that they  are.   Advanced manufacturing facilities, like the microchip fabs that I  mentioned earlier, for those we need well-trained semiconductor  processors, and we need electricians, and we need HVAC technicians.  These are good-paying careers for those who get the skills and training  that they need.   And right now, a lot of young Arizonans are getting those skills  through our community college system.   At Pima Community College's downtown campus in Tucson, they have a  new Automotive Technology and Innovation Center that I visited last  month. Their students are learning how to operate the software that  automatically controls drills and lathes and milling machines and 3D  printers and other tools. They can be trained not just in traditional  automotive technology but in electric vehicles as well.   Arizona is becoming a center for innovative electric vehicle  manufacturers. So why shouldn't we be getting these students the skills  they need for this technology right now?   Pima Community College's chancellor, Chancellor Lambert, calls this  much needed approach ``moving at the speed of business.'' What he means  is our education system must meet the demands of today's workforce, and  that has to be the case not just in major metro areas but in rural  Arizona, as well, and in rural America.   At Yavapai College in Northern Arizona, they just opened a new  Skilled Trades Center in Clarkdale, where they will train a new  generation of construction workers and plumbers and electricians and  HVAC technicians.   I could not be more impressed with Arizona's community college  system.   Yavapai College is also taking advantage of partnerships with  companies to set students up with opportunities that prepare them to  immediately enter the workforce in industries like mining.   Moving at the speed of business, that is how we are going to prepare  hard-working young students to get these good-paying jobs. It is also  how we are going to outcompete and outinnovative other countries like  China, having a talented workforce that can fill the jobs of the future  and develop cutting-edge technologies that are critical not just to our  economy but to our national security as well.   Now, these are issues that I know Republicans and Democrats agree on.   And even on tough issues, I believe that we can also find common  ground. We have had crisis after crisis at our border, each a result of  decades of failure in Washington to adequately address border security  and fix our broken immigration system.   Senator Portman and I have introduced bipartisan legislation that  would require the Department of Homeland Security to finally develop a  plan to  [[Page S5799]]  handle increases at the border, to take the politics out of this, no  matter which party controls Congress or the White House, and to provide  dedicated funding to carry out that plan and ensure a secure, humane  process at the border. Finding common ground on issues like this is  hard, but it is important.   Like many of you, like many of my colleagues, I spent years admiring  the way the late Senator John McCain represented Arizona in the U.S.  Senate. But my first impressions of John McCain were not of him as a  Senator but of his service in the Navy. He was a hero of young naval  aviators like me--an example of how to serve your country honorably and  bravely, including in the impossible circumstance of being shot down  and captured.   His legacy means so much to the State of Arizona, and it lives on  through his children and his wife, Cindy, whom I am so grateful to have  here today in the Gallery.   Thank you.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   His legacy, it is something that cannot be matched, but it is what  inspires me serving in this Senate seat. And it is his example of  bipartisanship, of independence that continues to demand more of us. So  I am going to continue focusing on delivering results, on beating this  virus, and reinventing our economy for the future so that hard-working  Arizonans have every opportunity to succeed.   Arizonans sent me here to have their backs, and that is what I intend  to do.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   