 Madam Speaker, in 10 months we have gone from a secure  border to complete chaos. We don't have a border anymore. We don't. We  now have what Secretary Clinton said she wanted when she ran for  President 5 years ago. We have a borderless hemisphere.   You don't believe it? Just look at the numbers. March was the highest  month on record for illegal crossings at our southern border, the  highest month on record until April, and then April was the highest  month on record until May,  [[Page H6601]]  and then May was the highest month on record until June. June was the  highest month on record until July, when there were 212,000 illegal  encounters on our southern border.   This past month it went all the way down to 164,000. 1.7 million this  year alone. A record.   And guess what? Thousands more in a caravan are on their way. And all  the terrible things that happen in these caravans are there because of  the policies of the Biden administration and the Democrats who control  the Federal Government.   But don't worry. Don't worry. Secretary Mayorkas said this, ``The  border is closed. The border is secure.'' If the effects and what  happens to kids and families on these treks wasn't so serious, if it  wasn't so bad, you would almost have to laugh because there is no way  anyone can describe the border as closed and the border as secure.   In this big spending bill, this $2 trillion monstrosity, what is the  Democrats' response to that chaotic situation on our border?   Amnesty for over 6 million people who are in our country illegally.  Think about that. That is their response.   Oh, and don't forget--don't forget what the Justice Department is  getting ready to do. When they are not spying on parents, when they are  not treating parents as a domestic terrorist threat, our Justice  Department is getting ready to pay people who illegally entered our  country $450,000. I mean, you can't make this stuff up. It is why  people all across this country are just throwing their hands up. What  is going on?   The cost of the immigration policies in this legislation are almost  half a trillion dollars over the next 20 years. Half a trillion  dollars. But, again, don't worry, Joe Biden says that half a trillion  dollars in spending on immigration policies and all the other spending  in this bill is going to help the inflation problem.   There is not a rational, sane person on the planet who believes that.  And why the President of the United States would make such a statement  is beyond me.   Record high inflation. The highest we have had in 31 years, and Joe  Biden says spending half a trillion over 20 years on immigration  policies in this legislation and all the other spending is going to  lower inflation.    Let's defeat the previous question. When it comes up, let's defeat  the rule. And for goodness' sake, I hope we will vote down this bill,  which is only going to exacerbate the already terrible situation we  have seen. Every single policy that has come from the Biden  administration and the Democrat-controlled Congress has been harmful to  American families.   We have gone, as I said, from a secure border to chaos. We have gone  from energy independence to the spectacle of the President of the  United States begging OPEC to increase production. We went from  relatively safe cities to crime going up in every major urban area in  this country, and we went from stable prices to a 31-year high in  inflation.   You want to buy a home? It is going to cost more.   You want to rent an apartment? It is going to cost more.   Put food on the table? It is going to cost more.   Put gas in your car? It is going to cost more.   Thanksgiving turkey is going to cost more. Christmas presents for  your family are going to cost more in Joe Biden's America.   This bill is so bad. Vote down the previous question, vote down the  rule, vote down this bill for the good of the families of this great  Nation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The chairman of the Rules Committee said Republicans want to blame  Joe Biden for everything. I am not blaming Joe Biden for everything;  the American people are. Right-track, wrong-track polling says 71  percent of our fellow citizens think our country is on the wrong track.  I am not blaming Joe Biden; they are, the people we represent.   Approval rating is 38 percent, and the Vice President's approval is  28 percent. In the history of polling for Vice President and President,  I don't know if I have ever seen anything that low. It is the American  people who are fed up with what they see.   The gentleman who chairs the Rules Committee said: What are they for?  I will tell you what we are for. I will tell you what Republicans are  for. I will tell you what the American people are for. We are actually  for a secure border. Imagine that.   We are for lower prices.   We actually would like to have real wages be going up like they were  under President Trump.   We would like to have a secure border like we had under President  Trump.   We would actually like less crime in our urban areas like we had  under President Trump.   We would like to be energy independent like we were just 10 months  ago. We would kind of like not to have the spectacle of the President  of the United States begging OPEC to increase production at the same  time your policies in this bill would discourage American companies  from increasing production. What do you guys want, $8 a gallon  gasoline?   I will tell you what we are for. We are for a Department of Justice  that doesn't target parents, doesn't target moms and dads for standing  up and saying we don't want this racist curriculum, anti-American  curriculum, taught to our kids.   I will tell you what we are for. We are actually for not raising  taxes on American families. That is what we are for. That is what  American families want. They like to keep the money they earn, be able  to put gas in their car, buy Christmas presents for their family,  afford the things that just 10 months ago they could. Ten months ago,  it was so much different. That is what we are for.   