 Madam President.    Madam President, I am proud to share with all of you the  experience of California this last year in combating the COVID-19  pandemic. I am proud to say that California has led the way on COVID-19  prevention and vaccine because we have seen the devastation that  surging cases can cause.   Last winter--remember where we were last winter? A catastrophic surge  in my home county of Los Angeles overwhelmed local hospitals, as was  the case, frankly, in many parts of the country. Families were  desperate to find care for their loved ones. Ambulances struggled to  find hospitals with capacity.   As we approach this winter season, I recognize that we made  incredible progress turning the tide since those tragic times. Now,  just a month ago, California achieved the lowest level of COVID-19  transmission of any State in the Nation, but today cases are beginning  to rise again. We are seeing the effects of the changing weather.   We need to stay vigilant to prevent another devastating surge like  the wave that peaked in California and across the country last winter.   Fortunately, today, we are armed with a powerful defense: an FDA- approved vaccine that is safe, that is effective, and that is free for  all. California's historic vaccination effort--made possible by the  resources that we helped deliver when we passed the American Rescue  Plan--has covered more than three-quarters of our residents, more than  55 million shots in arms of Californians.   But now is not the time to let up. Every person who gets the vaccine  helps to stop spread of the virus in our community. And we just  received two new critical weapons: One, booster shots to increase  protections for adults and, two, approval of a vaccine for children  older than 5.   Colleagues, during last week's State work period, I had the privilege  of joining leaders of the Los Angeles Unified School District for the  opening of their first vaccine clinic, a mobile clinic on school sites  for students ages 5 and up. I saw firsthand the anxious excitement of  families looking forward to a freer, safer life for children. Imagine  that, play dates with friends, holiday celebrations with grandparents,  and relief for those with family members at higher risk.   Now, as parents of younger children, Angela and I know that this  pandemic has especially been hard on children. For more than a year, as  we would gather together to pray as a family, our youngest, Diego, whom  many of you met, would ask God for COVID to be over. And he would then  ask when a vaccine would be ready for him and his brothers.   That is why it was such a big deal when the vaccine was approved for  children ages 5 and older. Angela and I were vaccinated earlier this  year. Our oldest son, Roman, was vaccinated months ago. And, finally,  last week, Diego and Alex received their vaccines. So we know that we  are sharing this moment of joy with millions of families across the  country who are relieved that our children will be better protected  against COVID-19.   Colleagues, as we approach this now second Thanksgiving since the  start of the pandemic, we recognize that we have much to be thankful  for. We are thankful for the scientists who drew on years of research  to design and test one of the most effective vaccines that we have ever  seen. We are thankful for the doctors and nurses who are helping to  administer the vaccine to as many people as possible while caring for  the sick. And we continue to be thankful for all the essential workers  who take on high-risk jobs to keep food on our tables and keep the  economy going.   So it is in the spirit of all this that I ask each and every one of  you to do your part. To everyone at home, please, each and every one of  you do your part. Protect yourself. Protect your family. Protect your  community. Get vaccinated. Get your children vaccinated. Go check to  see if you are eligible for a booster, and if you are, find one near  you at vaccines.gov. We have come to appreciate how vaccination is the  key to a safe holiday season, and it is key to ending the pandemic for  all.   I yield the floor.   