 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We all condemn violence against people based on their race. In  America, no one should live in fear that they will be a victim of a  crime based on their beliefs, the color of their skin, or the country  in which they were born.   We have seen reports of violence directed at Asian Americans increase  recently in some places around our country. While the perpetrators of  these violent acts must be held accountable, we have serious concerns  about some aspects of this legislation and the process behind moving it  forward.   For instance, the legislation sets up ambiguous hotlines for people  to report anything they find troubling. These hotlines are separate  from traditional law enforcement reporting mechanisms, such as calling  911 or your local police department's nonemergency line, and they could  enable anyone to report anything that that individual may find  offensive.   All crimes should be reported, investigated by law enforcement, and  prosecuted. Telling the public that criminal complaints shouldn't be  reported to law enforcement but, instead, to a new unrelated State  office creates unnecessary confusion and could harm public safety.   In addition, this bill establishes online reporting for complaints  about ``incidents,'' but, of course, the bill doesn't specify what an  incident is; no definition at all. This means, essentially, that we are  asking State governments to act as speech police, and creates a  precedent that could extend to any manner of things someone may deem  offensive.   We were hopeful that there could be a meaningful discussion and input  on this bill, but the chairman pulled the bill from our scheduled  markup in the Judiciary Committee last month, preventing Republicans  from offering any amendments. Republicans had a number of amendments  that would have ensured that the reporting hotlines were focused on  actual criminal conduct and not random citizen complaints.   Finally, it is important to note that the Democrats have attempted to  blame President Trump for this rise in violence against Asian  Americans, but the facts tell an entirely different story. This  violence, by and large, is happening in Democrat-controlled cities,  many of which, interestingly enough, have defunded their police  departments.   For example, New York City saw a 223 percent increase in reported  Asian-American hate crimes, while defunding their police over $1  billion. San Francisco saw a 140 percent increase in reported Asian- American hate crimes, while defunding their police by $120 million. Los  Angeles, 80 percent increase in reported anti-Asian hate crime, while  defunding their police $175 million.   One report found that nearly 60 percent of the reported hate crime  incidents from March of 2020 to February of 2021, the past year, were  from these two States, California and New York.   It sort of begs the obvious question. Maybe if we weren't defunding  the police, if these Democrat-controlled cities weren't defunding the  police, we would not have the rise in incidents and the rise in hate  crime for Asian Americans. If money wasn't taken from police and they  were allowed to do their jobs, we would probably be in an entirely  different position.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Roy), and I ask unanimous consent that he be permitted to control the  balance of the Republican time.   