 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my amendment  to increase funding for the Adoption Opportunities Program in the  fiscal year 2022 Labor-HHS appropriations act.   On any given day, 424,000 children are living in foster care in the  United States, more than a quarter of whom are waiting to be adopted by  a loving, supportive family.   Unfortunately, 20,000 young people age-out of foster care each year  without a permanent family connection. How sad and tragic that is. That  needs to change, and with the right support it can.   The Adoption Opportunities Program provides a unique funding stream  for States, counties, Tribes, and private organizations to invest in  evidence-based solutions to find families for these youth and provide  them with the support they need to thrive.   From adoptive family recruitment to post-adoption services and  caseworker training, these programs help foster youth build permanent  family connections.   Now is the time, Mr. Speaker, to invest in solutions to improve  permanent placements for foster youth. I thank Chairwoman DeLauro and  the committee for supporting this amendment and for her tremendous  leadership in crafting this year's appropriations bills.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the en bloc package and  the underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the en bloc package which  includes my amendment, Langevin No. 129, to the Financial Services and  General Government Division.   I would like to begin by thanking Chairman Quigley of that  subcommittee for his support of the amendment and my good friend and  fellow Cyberspace Solarium Commissioner, Congressman   Mike Gallagher,  for cosponsoring the amendment.   Mr. Speaker, this is a simple amendment. It increases funding for the  Office of the National Cyber Director to $25 million, the full amount  recommended by the Cyberspace Solarium Commission which was created in  last year's NDAA. Its charge was to create an overarching strategy to  better protect the United States against cyberattacks of significant  consequence.   Creating the position of the National Cyber Director has been a  passion of mine for more than a decade. It finally happened last year,  and I have long argued that we need a head coach to coordinate all of  the various cyber players in the Federal Government, and the NCD does  just that.   Chris Inglis, who started earlier this month, is the Nation's first  Senate-confirmed National Cyber Director, and he is exactly the right  person to ensure that we effectively implement a national cyber  strategy to protect us from the ever-growing threats that we face in  cyberspace.   But, Mr. Speaker, he can't do his job without an office to support  him. So this amendment will ensure that Director Inglis has the staff  he needs to fulfill his statutory obligations to review agency cyber  budgets, lead the development of cybersecurity policy, and coordinate  incident response.   So I appreciate, again, the support of Chairman Quigley and the  overall Appropriations Committee led by Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important amendment, and I urge my colleagues  to support the amendments en bloc and the underlying bill.   