 Madam Speaker, there is an ongoing crisis at the  border. President Biden himself had admitted it. Despite his political  staff's best efforts to avoid acknowledging the truth, he has admitted  it.    I have served as a doctor in private practice for more than 26 years.  I have served on our Board of Health in Cincinnati. I have served in a  combat support hospital in Iraq, where we provided outstanding care to  thousands of detainees. I have seen quite a few crisis situations in my  life.   Two weeks ago, I led a group of healthcare experts and national  security experts to the border. What we saw was a very difficult  situation. It is a humanitarian crisis. It is a national security  crisis. But it is also a national health security crisis.   Our group visited HHS' Donna Processing Center, which, per COVID  guidelines, is supposed to house 250 individuals. That day, it had  3,500. Earlier that week, it housed 5,000.   The sites we visited had seen cases of lice; scabies; meningitis;  chicken pox; flu of unknown origin; and, of course, COVID-19. What  really stuck out was that we are only testing symptomatic individuals  for COVID-19.   We have learned through this pandemic to know better, to know that  this is not an effective way to stop COVID from spreading among the  camp or fueling surges across our Nation.   Worse, we are releasing people into our Nation without ever having  tested them for COVID. You don't have to be a doctor to know that is  dangerous.   That is why I offer this motion to recommit today and delay this  legislation until every migrant released by Customs and Border Patrol  produces a negative COVID test before boarding a U.S. domestic flight.   If international travelers are required to show proof of a negative  COVID-19 test before they can come into the United States from a  foreign country, why are we making an exception for this surge of  migrants?   American citizens are banned from the U.S. without a COVID test, but  not non-U.S. citizens?   That is bizarre.   We risk all the progress we have made in this country to contain this  virus by allowing this vulnerability to go unaddressed.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 1333 to  require that migrants released by Customs and Border Patrol show proof  of a negative COVID test before they are allowed to board a plane.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record the  text of the amendment immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   