 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, America's family farmers and ranchers  have faced unprecedented challenges in recent years. They have been  caught in the middle of trade wars, repeatedly lost harvests and  livestock to one catastrophic natural disaster after another, and faced  a whole new set of unparalleled complications when COVID-19 took hold.   Now a new threat to their future looms, the Democrats' reckless tax- and-spend agenda for which family farmers and ranchers are being told  to foot the bill.  [[Page S4997]]    The Democrats are proposing changes to capital gains tax rates,  stepped-up basis, and the use of like-kind exchanges that put the  future of our family farms and ranches at risk. The next generation of  family farmers will face devastating consequences if the Democrats have  their way, as their proposed changes put the future of nearly 2 million  family-owned farm operations at risk.   The President and his allies in Congress will tell you that family  farms and ranches will not be impacted by their proposed changes. In  fact, they make a very specific claim that 98 percent of farms will not  be impacted. Yet they have provided no evidence to support that claim,  and they have been asked to provide that directly by myself and a  majority of the Republican side of the Ag Committee.   We essentially asked USDA to show its math. That request has gone  unanswered. It seems unlikely that we will ever get a response, so we  took it upon ourselves to find out if there was any legitimacy to their  claim.   We asked the highly respected team at the Agricultural and Food  Policy Center at Texas A&M University to conduct a study on the  legislation that mirrors tax increases President Biden and  congressional Democrats have floated to pay for their massive human  infrastructure plan.   The results confirm exactly what we expected. These proposed changes  are going to crush rural America.   Remember the administration's claim that 98 percent of family farms  and ranches will be protected? Well, AFPC's research showed just the  opposite when it comes to changes to stepped-up basis, which allows the  tax basis of an inherited asset to be stepped up at death to the fair  market value as of the date of death.   If these changes were to be implemented, 92 of AFPC's 94  representative farms would be impacted with an average additional tax  liability of more than $720,000 per farm. That means 98 percent of  family farms included in AFPC's study are hurt by these tax increases,  not protected by them.   And as you can see on this map, this chart, those changes hit rural  America very, very hard. We are looking at over half a million dollars  in additional tax liabilities per farm in the Southwest and in the  Southeast, which includes my home State of Arkansas. In fact, the  average tax liability for the five Arkansas farms represented in the  study is over $800,000. In the Northeast and out West, these changes  would result in over $700,000 in additional tax liabilities per farm.  And look at the Midwest. It is over $1 million in additional tax  liabilities per farm.   These obligations will take literally years to pay off. And, again,  that is just when you take into account changes to stepped-up basis,  just that one particular part.   Add in the higher capital gains tax rates Democrats have proposed and  limitations to like-kind exchanges, which allow taxpayers, including  family farmers, to exchange property and defer the capital gains tax,  and you can see why so many literally fear for their livelihood.   Farmers are land rich and cash poor. Farmland is equivalent to a  farmer's 401(k). Instead of traditional retirement accounts, farmers  and ranchers invest in cropland and pastureland and tirelessly work  that land in an effort to create a more prosperous future for their  loved ones.   That lifetime of hard work, planning, and sacrifice will all be for  naught if these changes are allowed to be implemented.   On top of that, these Tax Code changes will dry up the farmland  market, lead to further consolidation in the agricultural sector,  create barriers to entry for new or beginning farmers, and stunt  reinvestment in rural communities.   Ultimately, agriculture as a whole and rural America will suffer.  That is why my colleagues and I are down here today. If changes of  these magnitude are implemented, the economic harm it will cause will  have a lasting impact on rural America.   These tax increases, which again are only being proposed because the  Democrats are determined to force their reckless spending agenda  through Congress, certainly need to be rejected.   With that, I yield to Senator Grassley.   