 Mr. Speaker, for me, as well, this is a very personal  endeavor and a very personal bill.   Speaking as a combat veteran of the Afghan war, the Afghans  supporting our troops weren't just interpreters; they became our  brothers and our sisters on the battlefield. We depended on each other  for survival.   They fought with us; they bled with us; and in many cases, they died  with us, all for the dream of a better Afghanistan, for a safer world,  for prosperity for their families, and for ripping out the dangerous  and sick extremist ideology that has tormented their country, taken  their society backward, and threatened the United States of America.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration's reckless withdrawal is  allowing the Taliban to once again seize control of Afghanistan.   The urgency of the situation on the ground is not hyperbole. Just  yesterday, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs said the Taliban appears to  have strategic momentum in their offensive, and I hope that this  Congress can continue supporting the Afghan security forces to help  them halt that advance and, in the wake of it, al-Qaida's and ISIS'  inevitable rise.   No one is safe from the Taliban reprisal. We have seen in recent  weeks the mass execution of surrendering Afghan security forces and the  Afghan interpreters who worked with our troops that are now at the top  of the Taliban's target list.   The United States made a commitment to our allies in this conflict,  and these individuals have lived up to their end of the bargain. Now,  we have an obligation to honor our promises to them.   According to the State Department, the average processing time for an  SIV applicant is over 700 days. This is unacceptable, given the  urgency.   I want to be clear. The legislation before us, which I strongly  support, does not diminish or circumvent the screening process. Trust  me, before these men and women were allowed to work with our units,  they were heavily vetted, and that is before this 700-day process that  they are now going through.   I support increasing the number of Special Immigrant Visas by 8,000.  I support streamlining this process. And if it comes to it, I support  taking care of the families of those who didn't make it back, like one  of my interpreters, who we called Spartacus, who was found with  American documentation on him and taken back to his village and  beheaded along with members of his family to send a message.    It is notable, Mr. Speaker, that, in 1975, then-Senator Biden did not  support the evacuation of our South Vietnamese allies. I hope now- President Biden will erase that sin.   It is not just a moral obligation. It is a national security  obligation because when our soldiers have to go back to deal with a  rising al-Qaida, which I sadly predict they will have to, we will need  local allies once again.   We are sending a message right now by our conduct. I strongly urge my  colleagues to support this critical legislation and ask the Senate to  swiftly pass it.   