 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1605, the  National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2022.   Debt Bondage is a terrible crime, and many victims find themselves  trapped in a perpetual cycle of forced labor and coerced debt because  of it. Helping these survivors regain their livelihood is a nonpartisan  issue.   Earlier this year, the Financial Services Committee held a hearing on  the financing of human trafficking. We heard from powerful witnesses,  including Reverend Doctor Marian Hatcher, who is a trafficking  survivor. It was her story, which inspired my original bill H.R. 2332,  the Debt Bondage Repair Act.   Dr. Hatcher, like too many in this country, fell victim to human  traffickers. Thankfully, she was able to escape a terrible situation  and restore her life. However, she struggled to reestablish herself  because of her credit score, which was negatively affected by loans she  was forced to obtain her traffickers.   Madam Speaker, this is how these criminals trap an individual into a  cycle of victimization. Traffickers will take out loans, open  businesses, and destroy their victim's credit, which forces them to  remain a victim until they pay off the debt. Too often, these victims  are never able to get out.   Section 6102 in the final text has the potential to help thousands of  victims every year by ensuring that a consumer reporting agency may not  furnish a credit report with adverse information from a severe form of  trafficking. While this does not erase the terrible crimes committed  against them, it will help survivors to regain their financial freedom  and begin to rebuild their lives.   I will conclude by thanking Chairwoman Waters for passing my bill  H.R. 2332 on suspension earlier this Congress, and for including my  provision in the House NDAA base text. Additionally, I would like to  thank the numerous trafficking advocacy groups and the Consumer Data  Industry Association for their work on H.R. 2332.   I urge my colleagues to support the conference agreement.   