 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair McGovern for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am going to start with a bit of an embarrassing  admission. For a number of years, I avoided stepping on a scale because  I was about 90 pounds heavier than I am now. Madam Speaker, eventually,  I figured out that you can't really get a handle on things by ignoring  them. So, occasionally, you have to step on that scale, and that is  really the ethic that this bill embraces.   It simply says that if we are going to get a handle on our long-term  fiscal challenges and have an economy that works better for everyone,  then we have to occasionally hear a clear statement of how we are doing  and a clear statement of the Nation's financial realities from a  nonpartisan, unbiased source. That is what a fiscal state of the Nation  address would do.   As the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress looked at  proposals to improve the budget and appropriations process in the 116th  Congress, all 12 members of the committee unanimously recommended this  as an important reform. I would acknowledge that there was great  bipartisan and bicameral support for this notion as part of the Joint  Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform as well.   The Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress believed that  providing Members of Congress with access to nonpartisan information  about the many factors contributing to the Nation's fiscal challenges  would allow Congress to develop sound fiscal policies and meet the  long-term needs of our Nation. In its final report from the 116th  Congress, the committee noted that a fiscal state of the Nation address  would also encourage communication between the executive and  legislative branches and improve the ability for all parties involved  in the budget and appropriations process to make decisions based on a  common set of facts. That is why this bill has such strong bipartisan  support.   I want to congratulate Congresswoman Rice and Congressman Barr for  their progress on this effort. I encourage my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle, Democrats and Republicans, to support this bill.    