 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  commend the chairman for his strong leadership on cybersecurity issues  and in support of this act before us today.   This bill, the House companion of which I sponsored with  Representatives Matsui, Katko, and Garbarino, would help address a  serious issue that has not received the attention it deserves: the  cyber threats targeting our Nation's schools.   The education of our children is clearly a critical function, yet the  increasing frequency and severity of cyber threats targeting K-12  schools have jeopardized the education of students across America.    In the past 4 years, more than 1,000 educational organizations across  the country have fallen victim to cybercriminals. More than 400  incidents have occurred in the past year alone. What is more, an  increasing proportion of these incidents are ransomware attacks that  are particularly debilitating to the operation of our schools.   Our students and educators have experienced more than enough  disruption in the past year and a half. We cannot afford to let this  issue continue to go unaddressed.   Many of our schools do not have the resources to counter the cyber  threats that we face. Without assistance, this problem will continue to  get worse, jeopardizing our students' privacy and ability to learn.   Fortunately, this Congress has already demonstrated a recognition of  the government's need to provide cybersecurity assistance to entities  that perform essential functions yet live below the cybersecurity  poverty line, unable to defend themselves against the myriad threats  they face.   It is why we took steps to invest $50 million in support for State  and local government entities as part of the forthcoming reconciliation  bill.   It is also why I fought to increase the budget of the Cybersecurity  and Infrastructure Security Agency by more than $400 million earlier  this year. I thank Chairwoman Roybal-Allard for her leadership, and I  thank her team and the members of the Appropriations Committee, along  with Chairman Thompson and his team and the members of the Homeland  Security Committee.   It should also be the reason that we pass the K-12 Cybersecurity Act  into law without delay.   This bill would direct the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security  Agency to study the cybersecurity risks facing our elementary schools  and secondary schools.   With a detailed understanding of the specific cybersecurity  challenges facing our schools, including challenges raised by remote  learning, CISA would then be required to develop cybersecurity  recommendations and online training tools for educational officials at  K-12 institutions. Our educators and administrators would be equipped  with the knowledge they need to better defend themselves against cyber  threats and keep our schools safe for our students.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Matsui for her tireless attention  to this issue and Representatives Garbarino, Slotkin, and Clyde for  joining us in advancing this legislation. I recognize the efforts of my  colleagues in the Senate, Senator Peters and Senator Scott, who deftly  shepherded this bill through their Chamber. Finally, I recognize my  good friend, Chairman Bennie Thompson, for ensuring this bill received  the consideration it deserves.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   