 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank the chairman.   Mr. Speaker, 682 days ago, my constituent, Trevor Reed of Granbury,  Texas, was thrown into jail by the Russian Government for a crime he  did not commit before being convicted in Russian kangaroo court. He is  an Eagle Scout, a U.S. marine, and, more importantly, a beloved son and  brother, who stands to endure a decade of his life in a Russian prison  if we are unable to bring him home.   Trevor was initially detained for public intoxication, but when the  Russian Federal Security Service discovered that he was a U.S. marine,  they upped the charges and accused him of endangering the lives of  police officers. The accusation and the lack of evidence to support it  was so ridiculous that even a Russian judge erupted in laughter during  his trial.   U.S. Ambassador John Sullivan said justice was not even considered in  this case, and described Trevor's trial as a theater of the absurd.   His trial was a sham, and his treatment in the custody of Russian  authorities has been nothing short of appalling. He has been denied  medical care, counselor access, and has been repeatedly moved without  prior or proper notification. Even when he was infected with COVID, the  Russians cut off communication with our embassy and with his family.  Vladimir Putin himself recently smeared Trevor Reed's name, further  underscoring the reality that Trevor's detainment is, in fact,  politically motivated.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member   Michael McCaul for partnering  with me to introduce this resolution, and for the support of Chairman  Meeks, and for our commitment together in a bipartisan way to stand up  for Trevor and the entire Reed family and others who are unlawfully  detained.   Mr. Speaker, the passage of this resolution could not be more timely  than it is today. In fact, just today, a corrupt Russian appeals court  rejected Trevor's final appeal certifying the absurd 9-year sentence.   Our message is simple: The United States will not tolerate an  American citizen being held by the Putin regime as a political pawn.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join together and stand  firm with Trevor and his family, to reunite Trevor and his family, and  to bring him home. Free Trevor Reed.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill), a great patriot.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the chairman and Ranking Member McCaul.   Mr. Speaker, the United States must send a strong message to Vladimir  Putin that we will not tolerate a U.S. citizen and a marine veteran  being held as a political pawn.   I, again, want to recognize those here in the Chamber who have  supported this. Ranking Member   Michael McCaul from Texas, Mr. Hill  from Arkansas, and others for partnering with me on the resolution,  that we will not stand for any unlawful detention of any American.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the people of Haiti continue to suffer from devastating  natural disasters, political instability, and fragile public  institutions. The country has never recovered from the 2010 earthquake  or the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew in 2016.   With their economy unable to recover, Haiti remains the poorest  country in the Western Hemisphere. As a result, the lack of economic  opportunity has led to an increase in crime and gang violence. At the  same time, civil unrest caused by political instability plagues the  island nation.   There are credible accusations of systemic government corruption and  human rights abuses, and Haiti is facing a constitutional crisis after  failing to organize legislative elections in 2019; meaning, the country  has no sitting Parliament at this time.   We continue to strongly urge the Government of Haiti to hold free and  fair elections that reflect the will of the Haitian people.   All of these challenges are now compounded by the COVID-19 pandemic.  That is why I support the Haiti Development, Accountability, and  Institutional Transparency Initiative Act. This legislation requires  the State Department to assess how effective U.S. assistance is in  helping Haiti's recovery efforts.   Haiti remains the second largest recipient of U.S. support in the  region. Since 2011, American taxpayers have sent nearly $1.9 billion to  assist them with economic development and to support expanding their  democracy. It is our responsibility in this Congress to ensure that  this money is, in fact, being spent wisely.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   