 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  1693, the EQUAL Act, which would eliminate the sentencing disparity  between crack and powder cocaine. I would like to thank my colleagues  Representatives Jeffries, Bacon, and Armstrong for their work to bring  this bill to the floor today.   In 1986, the Anti-Drug Abuse Act created a 100-to-1 sentencing  disparity between the amount of crack cocaine that triggered an  automatic 5-year mandatory minimum sentence and the amount of powder  cocaine that would trigger the same punishment. This sentencing  disparity had a racially disparate impact on Black communities, did  nothing to change personal behaviors, and has been a tremendous waste  of taxpayer money and resources. There are no pharmacological  differences between these two substances. Yet more than 80 percent of  people convicted in federal court for crack offenses are Black, while  only 27 percent of those convicted of powder cocaine offenses are  Black.   The crack cocaine sentencing disparity has forced judges to impose  higher penalties for very small amounts of crack cocaine. This also had  the bizarre effect of punishing those individuals lower in the drug  distribution chain much more severely than the actual drug kingpins for  two reasons: the kingpins generally distribute powder from which the  crack is produced, and lower level defendants often lack information on  the drug operation that they can turn over to prosecutors in order to  obtain sentencing credit for cooperation.   Mandatory minimums, whether they are equal or not, must be  eliminated. The ``tough on crime'' policies based on slogans and sound  bites have failed, and mandatory minimums have been studied  extensively--they fail to reduce crime, they waste taxpayers' money and  often require judges to impose sentences that violate common sense.  Instead of arguing about whether someone should receive a five-year  mandatory minimum, we should be investing in early education, workforce  training, and our communities.   The EQUAL Act is the next step on the long road toward eliminating  this unfair sentencing disparity. In 2009, I led the effort in the  House to eliminate this disparity in the Fairness in Cocaine Sentencing  Act. That effort eventually led to the 2010 passage of the Fair  Sentencing Act, which reduced the crack/powder cocaine disparity from  100:1 to 18:1. That was a hard-fought compromise, and the EQUAL Act  will finally end this disparity. This is an important step toward  fixing our criminal justice system and making it fairer. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill and hope the Senate moves quickly to  send this bill to the President's desk.  [[Page H5481]]    