 Madam President, this week America celebrates National  Police Week. It is a time for us to stop and pay tribute to those who  died in the line of duty defending our communities and to thank those  who continue to serve our communities.   Law enforcement is a calling answered by a select few. These men and  women have chosen a difficult and often dangerous life dedicated to  keeping our communities safe, defending our civil liberties, and  protecting our neighborhoods. These jobs, obviously, require tremendous  courage and sacrifice, not just from the officers themselves but their  families too, and I am grateful to those who selflessly serve our  communities every day.   Under normal circumstances, the events of this week bring tens of  thousands of uniformed officers to Washington, DC, from across the  country. Through laying wreaths, candlelight vigils, and church  services, they ordinarily gather in remembrance of their fallen  brothers and sisters in person. In previous years, I have had the  pleasure of welcoming a number of Texas officers and their families who  have traveled to Washington, DC, for this National Police Week  observation, but as in so many other ways, this year is not like  previous ones.   Over the last year, our country has faced unprecedented heartbreak  and turmoil, which have made a career in law enforcement even more  challenging. First came the pandemic. While millions of Americans  hunkered down in their homes to slow the spread of the virus, law  enforcement personnel continued to lace up their boots and go to work  every day.   With the spread of COVID-19 and the lack of proper personal  protective equipment in the early stages of the pandemic, even simple  interactions with members of the community carried risks.   At the same time, the stresses of the pandemic led to a surge of drug  overdose deaths and an increase in family violence. And across the  country, we saw a dramatic increase in the number of homicides.   When a deadly winter storm hit Texas in February, police officers  took on even more responsibility. They worked around the clock to help  folks without power or water, often while worrying about the safety of  their own families.   For all the ways the last year has taught us to appreciate the unique  role that law enforcement officers play in  [[Page S2513]]  our communities, it has also put these men and women at the center of a  tough, but necessary, national conversation about racial justice.   The killing of George Floyd shone a spotlight on issues in our  justice system that absolutely must be rooted out and led to a national  conversation about the need to do so.   There is no question we need to take action to improve transparency  and accountability within our police forces.   We need to strengthen the relationship between police and the  communities they serve. I believe everybody can agree on those points.   But as a country, we need to remember that the actions of a few do  not define the masses, the rest of us. The vast majority of police  officers are honorable, dedicated public servants who go above and  beyond the call of duty to keep us safe and are committed to improving  accountability and trust in police. There is a saying that nobody hates  a bad cop worse than a good cop. Last summer, police officers in Dallas  hosted a rally to show their support for the efforts to stop police  brutality and racial injustice. We need to remember that, except for  these occasional outliers, we are all on the same team, fighting for a  justice system that keeps our communities safe and treats every person  with dignity and respect.   For some, this movement has led to radical calls to defund or even  abolish the police--two very dangerous ideas. Over the last year, we  have seen an increase in violent crime in our country. Last year, major  cities experienced a 33-percent increase in homicides--33 percent. The  early data shows that things aren't getting any better this year. In  fact, in too many places, things are getting worse.   This simply isn't the time, if there ever were a time, to strip local  police departments of funding; rather, it is time to provide them with  the resources and the policies they need to safely and justly protect  our communities. I know we are having a lot of discussions across the  aisle on the most effective way to do that, and I hope that this year,  unlike last year, we will be able to make progress.   A job in law enforcement, as I suggested, is never easy. These men  and women put on the uniform and leave their families, never knowing  what the day ahead may entail. In the back of their minds, they have a  question--whether this is the last time they will ever see their loved  ones. Stopping a violent crime, helping a neighbor in crisis--you never  know what a police encounter could bring.   Four months ago, Capitol Police officers certainly didn't anticipate  what their jobs would require on January 6. This building was stormed  by a violent mob who tried to threaten the very foundations of our  democracy.   That day, as we know, this building was filled with Members of  Congress, our staff, journalists, and countless men and women whom we  count on to keep Congress running every day. Fortunately, that also  includes the brave men and women of the Capitol Police Force. While  protecting the people inside this building, Capitol Police officers  were assaulted, threatened, and subjected to the violence of the mob  for hours on end.   In the wake of this tragedy, the Capitol Police lost two of their  colleagues, Officer Brian Sicknick and Officer Howard Liebengood. Last  month, Capitol Police Officer Billy Evans was killed while protecting  this institution.   I am grateful for the sacrifices law enforcement officers make every  single day. This week, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice.  One of the most emblematic remembrances of that sacrifice is the  National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, which sits along the  National Mall here in Washington, DC. It is a beautiful tribute to the  Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who died in the line  of duty and features marble walls filled with more than 21,000 names.  Each of these names represents a hero, and, sadly, this year we added  the names of 55 Texans who were killed in the line of duty last year.   These officers gave their all in service to our communities and to  our country. Of course, there is nothing we can do to adequately thank  these heroes and their families for their sacrifice, but we can take  action to protect their brothers and sisters in blue.   In recent years, we have seen brutal, inexcusable attacks on police  officers around the country, including one in Dallas that completely  rocked our entire State. In 2016, a man killed five officers and  injured nine others. It was a sobering reminder of the dangers these  officers face every day and a call for us to take action to do more to  support them.   Yesterday, I reintroduced the Back the Blue Act to make clear our  support for the public servants who dedicated their lives to protecting  our communities. This legislation sends a strong message to more than  800,000 law enforcement officers in our country that they are supported  and that violence against them will not be tolerated.   The Back the Blue Act adds stiff, mandatory penalties, and it makes  it a Federal crime to kill or attempt to kill a law enforcement  officer, a Federal judge, or a federally funded public safety officer.  It also makes it a Federal crime to assault a law enforcement officer.  These men and women put themselves in harm's way every day, and we must  make it clear that violence against them will never be tolerated.   Right now, there is a serious need to improve the relationships  between law enforcement and the communities they serve, and this  legislation will help there too. It will allow grant funds to be used  for efforts to help foster more trust between police and the  communities they protect.   In light of the national conversation over the past year regarding  the need to improve these relationships, this could not be more  important. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this  legislation and show law enforcement across the country that we stand  shoulder-to-shoulder with them.   I was also pleased this morning when a bill that I am leading with my  colleague Senator Coons called the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila  Federal Officer and Employee Protection Act passed out of the Judiciary  Committee. That bill came in response to an appellate court decision  that reversed the convictions of cartel members who murdered a Federal  agent and attempted to murder another one while those agents were  fighting the cartels in Mexico. An appeals court held that the United  States did not have jurisdiction to try the cartel members for the  murder and attempted murder. This bill closes that loophole and states  unequivocally that we can and will try and convict those who murder our  law enforcement officers, even those serving outside the United States.   I am grateful for the law enforcement officers who courageously and  honorably serve our communities every day. This week, we honor them and  the generations of officers who came before them. In particular, we pay  tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our  country   I yield the floor.   