 Mr. Speaker, enough is enough, which is why I rise in  strong opposition to H.R. 8 and to offer a motion to recommit the bill.   This bill is nothing more than a coordinated effort by the  authoritarian left to strip away the constitutional rights guaranteed  to Americans by the Second Amendment.   Instead of criminalizing the innocent actions of law-abiding gun  owners, American citizens, we should be focused on stopping real crime  in our local communities and enforcing the laws that are already on the  books.   One way we can do that is by ensuring that ICE is notified when  unlawful aliens attempt to purchase a firearm illegally. The FBI  reported just last month that NICS had over 10 million people listed as  an illegal alien. In fact, this ranks as the number one prohibited  category in the FBI's NICS Indices.   Since 1998, over 28,000 illegal aliens have been denied a firearm  after failing a NICS check. With over 2,700 in 2019 alone, this means  over 28,000 criminals have been allowed to stay in the United States  when ICE should have been alerted about their criminal act but were  not.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8 fails to do anything to prevent crime, which is  why I am offering this motion to recommit, so our Nation's laws are  enforced. And if you will recall, this MTR passed in 2019 with a strong  bipartisan majority.   Mr. Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct the  Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to H.R. 8 to ensure  that the FBI alerts ICE anytime an illegal alien is denied a firearm  because of NICS.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1446 and  the last bill we spoke about, H.R. 8.   These bills continue the systematic and coordinated attempt by the  Democratic Party to undermine our Second Amendment rights.   I was sent to Washington by my constituents to uphold and defend the  Constitution. I will not stand by and allow our rights to be stripped  away. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that these  bills will save lives. However, nothing in them would have stopped any  of the recent mass casualty shootings that have occurred in our  country.    Rather than go after criminals who break the law, Democrats want to  create a false narrative that will criminalize private gun ownership.  Democrats will tell you that these bills close loopholes, but the  loophole they believe exists is that law-abiding Americans are even  able to own guns in the first place.   The sole objective of this gun control package is to remove  constitutional safeguards and put in place criminal penalties that  would unjustly go after responsible gun owners.   The Second Amendment is crystal clear, the right to bear arms shall  not be infringed. Our Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution to  protect us from a tyrannical government, and wrote the Second Amendment  to ensure that the rights of Americans to protect themselves was  secured.   These outrageous proposals put government between the American people  and their constitutional freedoms to protect themselves, protect their  families, and protect their communities, and I vote ``no.''   