 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank  my good friend from the State of Texas (Mr. Gohmert.) It is always a  pleasure to be with him.   Today I want to talk about something that is near and dear to all of  us. Maybe I am exaggerating when I say dear to all of us. But I am  referring to a Federal agency that at one time former Senator Orrin  Hatch described as the most feared Federal agency in our country. I am  talking about the IRS; I am talking about right now the operations of  the IRS.   In recent months we have learned that the agency has yet to process  millions and millions of tax returns filed over the past 3 years.  People across this country have been waiting to receive money that is  theirs far longer than is reasonable. The agency should be working  night and day to catch up.   I want to take this opportunity also to thank my friends on both  sides of the aisle, because for most people in our districts, we are  the IRS. We are the people answering those tough questions and helping  them navigate in an almost impossible Federal agency in order to get  things done.   Now, at the same time as this backlog persists, the agency is doing  things that take us back to the last time that Mr. Biden was in the  White House, and we have returned to those bad, old, dark days of the  Obama administration when Lois Lerner and her cronies were targeting  conservative, nonprofit organizations because of their political views.   Just weeks ago, the IRS was caught red-handed, once again. In a  letter declining a nonprofit status to a Christian organization, the  agency decried biblical teachings as a nonneutral, politically oriented  form of speech. These bureaucrats had the audacity to say that the  organization's Bible teachings about the Christian faith, which are  shared by millions upon millions of Americans of all different  political views, were too aligned with the Republican Party to warrant  nonprofit status.   Now, upon learning of this shameful decision, my friend from Texas,  Kevin Brady, and I joined Americans across this country to demand  answers as to how the IRS could come to such an egregious conclusion.  Thankfully, and only because of this oversight and the exposure to what  happened, our legislative oversight and the public's righteous  indignation caused this agency to reverse its course; but, again, only  because of our oversight and the exposure to what was actually taking  place within this agency.    This IRS needs more oversight and accountability if we are to expect  it to do the right thing. But the one thing I want to explain to all of  our citizens across the country, if you get a call from the IRS,  understand that that call is not from the IRS. The IRS will only  contact you by mail. When I go home, and I think all of my colleagues  are the same, I hear people tell me, ``The IRS called me.'' I say,  ``That is not the IRS. That is a scam.''   But you know what? There are things we have to do. We have not only  an obligation, we have a responsibility to improve all Federal  agencies.   Now, it is sad to say that the only scandal entangling the IRS this  year isn't the one I just talked about. In an outrageous criminal act,  someone, either inside or outside the IRS, breached IRS systems and  leaked the confidential tax records of thousands and thousands of  Americans to a left-wing propaganda outlet, Pro Publica, which  proceeded to publish these private financial details in pursuit of a  political narrative on tax policy.   This is an astonishing breach of trust that should cause every  American to wonder if his or her own tax information could be  weaponized against them. It is not farfetched. When President Donald  Trump's tax returns were leaked to The New York Times last year, I  noted that if this could happen to the President of the United States,  it could happen to any American.   Now, Mr. Speaker, here we are. In 2019, the late Representative John  Lewis and I worked together to figure out how we could reform the IRS  so that it would better serve our taxpayers. We worked as friends, set  aside any political differences we may have had, and authored the  Taxpayer First Act, which was passed with overwhelming support from  this entire Congress and signed into law by President Trump 2 years ago  in July of 2019.   The primary intent of this legislation was to make the IRS a  customer-service-oriented agency. Our tax system is a voluntary system.  After all, this is one of the few Federal entities that Americans will  interact with consistently for their entire lives. From their birth  until their death they will have actions within the IRS.   There are few things more intimidating than having to resolve a  dispute with the IRS, so making it a resource rather than an adversary  was our chief aim. That is what we were trying to get to.   But how can an agency that takes years to process tax returns, leaks  private financial records to damage certain taxpayers, and wields its  vast power to punish people or organizations with certain political or  religious views be seen as anything other than an adversary?   The IRS is one of the most powerful forces in our lives. I have heard  this so many times when I go back home, and I am sure you have heard  it, and I am sure most Americans feel the same way: People tell me, ``I  don't mind paying my taxes as long as those moneys that I put in get  used the right way, but I do fear the agency with which I have to  interact.''   Let's work together to hold this agency accountable. It is not all  members of the IRS who we are criticizing or who we are looking at  right now. We are talking about certain things that happen within that  agency that absolutely are terrifying to the average American.   We, as a body, representing everyone in this country, need to take a  look at where it is that we are failing and where it is that this  agency has failed and why it has become such an intimidating agency.   If you want to restore the faith in any of our agencies or any of the  things that we do in our life, you do it by actually working within the  framework of that agency and looking at what we can do as the personal  representatives of the American people to cure the situation as it is  now and make the IRS a service-based agency and not one of  intimidation.   