 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor in advance of next  week's summit in Geneva during which President Biden will meet with  Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time as Commander in  Chief, and I would like to share my views on the current state of U.S.- Russian relations and how we must respond to the Kremlin's continued  aggression.   I have spent years deeply engaged in efforts to hold Russia  accountable for its aggressive and destabilizing behavior under Putin.   During the Obama administration, I worked to hold Russia accountable  for its invasion of Ukraine. Indeed, I was sanctioned by Putin himself  for taking up the cause of Ukrainian sovereignty and freedom.   During the 2016 election cycle, I sounded the alarm over Russian  efforts to sow chaos in our elections long before we knew of the extent  and sophistication of the Russian cyber campaign to undermine American  democracy.   Throughout the previous administration, I called out President Trump  for cowering to Putin at every turn. Trump's refusal to hold Putin to  account for attacking our elections was a key motivator behind the  Senate's passage of the Countering America's Adversaries Through  Sanctions Act, otherwise known as CAATSA. This comprehensive framework  for oversight and accountability in U.S. policy towards Russia remains  the law of the land and the guiding mandate for how the United States  must respond to Kremlin aggression.   Now, I appreciate the Biden administration's desire for a stable and  predictable relationship with Russia, but sometimes we don't get to  choose the circumstances of our engagement. When we take stock of  Russia's behavior in recent years, we see that in every arena Putin has  chosen escalation over stability and predictability.   Next week in Geneva, I have every expectation that President Biden  will be more assertive with Putin than his predecessor. I urge him to  seize this opportunity to call out the Kremlin for its litany of  aggressive actions and announce appropriate measures in response.   The President can start with Russia's growing aggression in cyber  space, starting with last year's SolarWinds cyber attack. We know that  Putin's foreign intelligence service orchestrated this attack and that  he must be held accountable for it as well as the more recent hack of  USAID and its network of contractors and grantees.   While I am unaware of any evidence that the most recent ransomware  attacks on U.S. infrastructure were orchestrated by the Russian state,  we know, however, that criminal gangs operate on Russian soil, and we  believe that it is those criminal gangs that did such attacks. The  United States has to make clear that harboring criminals who seek to  attack American businesses, hospitals, pipelines, city governments, and  other institutions is wholly unacceptable   Let me move on to Ukraine. I urge President Biden to reiterate our  policy of nonrecognition of Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea and a  call for a serious return to the negotiations to end the war in the  Donbas. The United States must have a seat at the table in the Normandy  Format and make a concerted effort to end the war on Ukrainian soil  that has gone on for far too long. An acceptable resolution to this  conflict will not come without robust U.S. engagement the likes of  which we have not seen for years.   I am glad that President Zelensky will visit Washington in the next  month or so, and we look forward to meeting him in the Senate.   NATO, too, shares a responsibility to take concrete steps next week  in support of Ukraine. The essential security assistance provided by  the United States and others must be backed up by tangible progress  towards NATO membership for Ukraine and Georgia. The door was opened 13  years ago at the Bucharest summit. We have seen little progress since  then. As these countries continue to pursue the necessary reforms  necessary for ultimate entrance into NATO, NATO has an obligation to  start the membership action plan process.   On Nord Stream, the administration should reconsider sanctions  waivers on NS2 AG and Matthias Warnig. If the pipeline is completed,  the United States should work to ensure that it does not become  operational. This pipeline is a bad deal for Europe and its energy  security and strongly opposed by citizens across the European  continent. Despite what some have said, it is not too late for the  United States to make a tangible difference here. We can stop this  malign Kremlin influence project if we act with resolve and real  diplomatic strategy.   Last week, Putin said that Ukraine must show good will--Ukraine must  show good will--if it wants gas to flow through to Europe. So what is  Putin's definition of ``good will'' exactly? For the people of Ukraine  to cease defending their sovereignty? Such bellicose statements tell us  that Putin is confident; he is emboldened. Does anyone really believe  that Putin would not cut off gas flow through Ukraine once Nord Stream  is complete? The United States cannot accept this insidious behavior.  We need a real strategy with respect to Nord Stream.   In Syria, Russia continues to aid and abet the brutal and criminal  Assad regime only to secure its own interests; namely, military access  to the Mediterranean through which it can threaten Europe's southern  flank. Indeed, last year the United Nations accused Russia itself of  war crimes in Syria for multiple incidents of launching indiscriminate  attacks on civilian areas. In 3 years alone, the Syrian Observatory for  Human Rights estimated that Russian military activities in Syria caused  nearly 18,000 casualties, including 8,000 civilians.   Let me be clear. These are war crimes, and there must be  accountability. Even as President Biden looks for limited ways to  cooperate with Russia in Syria to try to promote some stability and  humanitarian access, he must not overlook this grim track record and  seek to hold Putin to account. The world is watching whether the United  States will stand up for the vulnerable and the voiceless.   Let me now turn to the ongoing and tragic repression of the Russian  people. Earlier this year, the world drew inspiration from the courage  of Russian protesters who rallied in support of Alexei Navalny and a  democratic future. We know that it will be the people of Russia, not  the United States or anyone else, who will steer their struggle for  democracy and ultimately determine their own destiny. Yet, as  Americans, we must stand in solidarity with the Russian people.   I applaud President Biden's commitment to make democracy and human  rights the centerpiece of U.S. foreign policy, but what does that mean  for our approach to Russia? First, we must respond to egregious  chemical weapons attacks whenever and however they take place. The  Chemical and Biological Weapons Act required the administration to  announce a new round of  [[Page S4007]]  sanctions by June 2 in response to Russia's chemical weapons attack and  poisoning of Alexei Navalny. This deadline has passed.   The Trump administration regularly missed congressionally mandated  deadlines. I think back to the Skripal attack and how President Trump  delayed a decision for months. However, I expect better from this  administration. President Biden and his team must announce these  sanctions this week, for Putin has shown no remorse for these vile  actions, and Russia has taken no steps to rectify them.   A democracy- and human rights-centered foreign policy also means  countering corruption, so I welcome the White House initiative  announced last week. Since January, we have seen the President back up  this commitment by imposing sanctions on corrupt actors from Bulgaria,  to Albania, to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. But, moving  forward, we must do more to focus this tool on Russia, the primary  source of so much of the corruption we see around the world.   The most effective sanction on Putin's inner circle of oligarchs is  to deny them and their families access to the West. We must cut off  their ability to travel and use the Western financial system to funnel  the assets they systematically have stolen from the Russian people over  the course of several decades.   Alexei Navalny and others, like the Organized Crime and Corruption  Reporting Project, have done excellent work exposing Putin and his  cronies. The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the European Union  should evaluate their research and chart a course for action.   We must also directly engage with the Russian people and make clear  that our problems are not with them but their government. I urge  President Biden to make a direct appeal to the Russian people over  YouTube, communicate our views and concerns to the Russian people, and  provide his vision for what a positive U.S.-Russia relationship could  look like. The United States should also increase exchange programs  with Russia, assuming the Russian Government would allow its people to  participate   Unfortunately, everyday Russians' access to fact-based information  and reporting is dwindling in the face of Kremlin crackdowns on  journalism and pervasive propaganda. I am especially outraged by the  Russian Government's decision to label Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty  in Russia as a foreign agent, subject to fines and to being kicked out  of the country, all for supporting Russian journalists who report on  the truth--a commodity in short supply in Russia these days. These  actions are disgraceful. And it is worth noting that, as legitimate  news sources like Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty come under fire in  Russia, Kremlin propaganda arms like RT and Sputnik continue to operate  freely here in the United States. We allow them to freely operate, but  they are Russia state-sponsored enterprises. Perhaps it is time we  reconsider how easily the Kremlin can disseminate disinformation to the  American people.   Meanwhile, several Americans remain unjustly detained in Russia,  including Paul Whelan and Trevor Reed. The Kremlin's Kafka-esque  treatment of American citizens must stop, and President Biden should  make their return a priority of the visit.   Finally, our Embassy presence in Moscow faces increasing, growing  pressure from the Russian authorities as they seek to restrict visas  for Embassy staff. This has to stop. In my view, if Russian diplomats'  visas expire here in the United States, then they must leave.  Extensions should only be granted when we see reciprocity on the  Russian side. No more games. We have tolerated Kremlin abuse of this  process for too long, and it has to stop.   In the short time I have stood on this floor today, I have provided  but a glimpse of some of the most challenging issues facing the U.S.- Russia relationship, most of which were ignored by the previous  administration. President Biden has to correct course and forcefully  press these matters in Geneva. However, there is one area that demands  real negotiation with Moscow: the issue of arms control.   I supported the extension of the New START treaty. It advances U.S.  interests, constrains Russia's strategic nuclear forces, requires  stringent verification to ensure Russia meets its commitments, and  affords us the flexibility needed to maintain a safe, secure, modern,  and effective nuclear deterrent.   The question is, With New START extended, where do we go from here? I  agree with President Biden that establishing a strategic stability  dialogue with a country capable of destroying the United States is  essential.   Russia continues to pursue new destabilizing nuclear systems and  actively threaten our allies with shorter range nuclear weapons.  However, we cannot view this challenge solely through a military lens.  Diplomacy must lead our efforts to reduce nuclear tensions going  forward, and this summit would be a good place to start.   Last week, in the Washington Post, former Ambassador to Russia Mike  McFaul wrote that the Biden administration ``cannot freeze U.S.-Russia  relations in place to focus on the greater challenge of China.''   I believe he is right. Addressing one challenge cannot come at the  expense of other critical U.S. interests.   Whether we like it or not, the Kremlin clearly sees the United States  as its primary adversary and remains intent on challenging us at every  turn. Past administrations have tried to ignore or minimize the threat.  It doesn't work. We need an assertive and comprehensive strategy, one  that holds the Kremlin accountable and even puts them on their heels  from time to time.   The United States of America always aspires to have a stable,  predictable relationship with every country around the world. But  stable and predictable partners do not use chemical weapons to wipe out  their political opposition. Stable and political partners do not tear  chunks of territory from their neighbors. Stable and political partners  don't commit war crimes in places like Syria. Vladimir Putin has been  President for 20 years now. After all this time, we know what we are  dealing with; it is not a stable and predictable partner. We are  dealing with a mafia state run by a vicious authoritarian and his inner  circle of corrupt oligarchs, not a normal country. We are dealing with  a criminal enterprise, not a democratic government. And as President  Biden knows, and has said, when it comes to Putin, we are dealing with  a ruthless killer. We should act accordingly.   I yield the floor.   