 Mr. President, I spent those several weeks that we were  away from Washington, DC, around Labor Day in Kansas, and,  unfortunately, it is clearly evident that inflation has returned. Gas  prices are up, prices at the grocery store are up, and further price  hikes are on the horizon.   Unfortunately, price increases at the grocery store and at the gas  pump and, really, everyplace else put the greatest  [[Page S6637]]  burden on low- and middle-income families who are already feeling the  strains caused by COVID-19 in their pocketbook.   It is apparent, I think, that our spending here in the Nation's  Capital over a long period of time is part of the cause for that  inflation and, in fact, a significant part of the cause for that  inflation. But it doesn't seem to me that my Democratic colleagues are  aware of the consequences of pouring a massive amount of more money,  more government spending on already this inflationary circumstance that  our citizens are now encountering.   The Democratic tax-and-spend spree will exacerbate our inflationary  circumstances, meaning that the prices will continue to rise as we  borrow more money to pay for these things. It means that interest rates  will rise and, at some point in time, those who lend us money will no  longer be willing to do so.   While I am sure that many of my Democratic colleagues would tell me  the good things that would happen from the spending that is included in  this bill, we cannot discount the people who they indicate they are  trying to help would be the ones who suffer the greatest burden from  increasing costs of everything that they buy.   Given the historic levels of spending that has occurred over the last  year and a half, now is not the time to spend even greater amounts of  taxpayer dollars.   My view is that we were too slow in turning the spigot in regard to  spending that preceded the election of President Biden and a Democratic  majority in the U.S. Senate and House. And that, then, resulted in-- even though we had already spent so much money--an additional nearly $2  trillion being spent back in January, and now a $3.5 trillion, which I  think ultimately ends up costing a lot more than $3.5 trillion.   In order for the $3.5 trillion package to be paid for--if it  ultimately is paid for--the Democratic majority is pursuing tax hikes  that will have significant consequence on small businesses and farm  families, both of which are so essential to the economic well-being of  Kansas and many other States across the country, especially in middle  America.   Tax increases on working Americans should be, if at all, a last  resort, not a funding opportunity for sweeping--sweeping--massive  government expansion. This government expansion includes funding of a  radical climate agenda, like the Green New Deal, installing new  entitlement programs, and increasing government intrusion into the  lives of Americans to levels we have never seen before.   While businesses are struggling to recoup lost revenue from the  COVID-19 pandemic--the consequences of that pandemic--the Democrats'  plan would slap more taxes on businesses and drive up the costs for  everyone.   We should not jeopardize our Nation's economic well-being so that  Democrats can make good on their campaign promises. Voters certainly  did not have that in mind when they elected such a slim majority here  in the Senate: 50 Democrats, 50 Republicans. That wasn't a mandate for  the kind of spending and taxing that is now being considered here on  the Senate floor.   This proposed massive influx of government spending is irresponsible.  Americans generally know how to live within their means, and it is time  that government show some fiscal restraint as well.   For a long time, as I did the townhall meetings across Kansas, it was  often the topic of conversation. One of the first things Kansans would  raise with me is all this spending--all this deficit spending. And for  a while that conversation kind of went away. Today, it is back. It is  the topic of conversation at every townhall meeting I had for those  several weeks in Kansas. It is what I heard at Rotary and Kiwanis and  Lions Clubs. Americans, Kansans in particular, are asking for us to  show some responsibility here, and this legislation now pending shows  no responsibility.    To make matters worse, as the Democrats have spent valuable time  testing the limits of their power to pursue this tax-and-spend spree,  they have shirked their basic duties of governing.   The debt limit and government funding, the appropriations process,  are clearly the province of the party in power. I am anxiously awaiting  for our Appropriations Committee to be able to do its work. The  appropriations work is to be completed by September 30, which, once  again, will not be the case. We await an agreement on topline spending  numbers and a balance of prioritization between domestic and defense  spending. While the air--the oxygen--is being sucked out of the Senate  for purposes of a reconciliation bill and a $3.5 trillion-plus spending  bill, we need to be focused on the basics of making sure that  government doesn't shut down and that we do our work in appropriating  the necessary amounts for government to function.   We have known that the suspension of the debt limit would expire this  summer--that has never been in question--but Democrats, with control of  the White House and both bodies of Congress, have neglected to address  either the debt limit or the regular appropriations process, the  funding. They are now combining the issue of debt limit with the annual  funding for government operations. This is what we call a CR, a  continuing resolution, in which we fund the government at its current  level into the future because we haven't gotten our work done. Now that  CR and the debt limit increase are tied together. This is another  example of not owning their governing obligations, not acting as honest  brokers, and not, certainly, seeking bipartisanship. They only seek  bipartisanship when it suits their political interests.   What you won't hear from the majority leader and my Democratic  colleagues is that there is a clean, short-term continuing resolution  that has been proposed by Vice Chairman Shelby of the Appropriations  Committee and the minority leader, Leader McConnell. In addition to  avoiding an unnecessary lapse in government funding, the Shelby- McConnell CR includes funding for our ally Israel, relief for  hurricane-stricken States, and support for Afghan refugees. This is an  act of good faith, and it deserves bipartisan support.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   