 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to finish my remarks before we vote.    Mr. President, I rise to voice my strong support for  Isabella Guzman's nomination to serve as Administrator of the Small  Business Administration.   Our Nation passed the 1-year mark of COVID-19's being declared a  national emergency last Saturday, March 13, and, thankfully, the  American people can now see the light at the end of the tunnel.  Already, more than 20 percent of all Americans have received at least  one COVID-19 vaccine dose, with an average of more than 2.39 million  additional doses being administered each day. We can see the light at  the end of the tunnel, but we are not there yet.   The COVID-19 pandemic has decimated American small businesses, and  the worst effects have been felt by the most vulnerable small  businesses, especially those in Black, Latino, Native, and rural  communities, so the SBA must continue to be a lifeline in the coming  months. That is why it is important that we confirm Ms. Guzman's  nomination, so she can provide the permanent, steady leadership the SBA  needs right now.   When we passed the CARES Act, Congress tasked the SBA with one of the  most important aspects of our COVID-19 relief effort. We knew we had to  support our small businesses because the public health restrictions on  public gatherings, which have saved thousands of lives and kept our  communities safe, have been especially challenging for small  businesses. We had to help small businesses so that, when we get out of  this pandemic, when our economy returns, our small businesses will  emerge in a position to help our economy recover and continue to grow.   The CARES Act included $377 billion in funds for small businesses and  created the Paycheck Protection Program, the EIDL advance program, and  the small business debt relief program to help small businesses that  had traditional SBA loans, like the 7(a) and 504. In April, we passed  legislation to replenish the PPP, EIDL, and the EIDL advance grant  program with $370 billion in additional funds. Then, in December, we  passed the bipartisan Economic Aid Act to provide another $325 billion  to support small businesses, allow for second round PPP loans, and  create the Shuttered Venue Operators Grant Program. In total last year,  Congress appropriated more than $1 trillion to the SBA for COVID-19  relief programs.   Since the passage of the CARES Act, the SBA has approved more than  7.5 million PPP loans worth more than $687 billion and more than 3.7  million EIDL loans worth more than $200 billion. These loans and grants  have saved millions of jobs and prevented millions of small businesses  from closing their doors.   I want to thank the SBA personnel who have worked long hours,  including nights and weekends, to implement these critical programs.   SBA still has a lot of work left to do. As I mentioned, the December  bill created the Shuttered Venue Operators Grant Program, which we  expect the SBA to open in the coming weeks.   SBA also has to open a new $28.6 billion grant program for  restaurants and bars, which was created by the historic American Rescue  Plan.  [[Page S1539]]    The plan appropriated an additional $50 billion in economic relief  for small businesses, including $15 billion to targeted EIDL advance  grants, an additional $7.25 billion to PPP, and $1.25 billion for  shuttered venue grants.   The plan also required SBA to launch a Community Navigator Pilot  Program, which is designed to help small businesses in underserved and  underbanked communities access the COVID-19 relief resources available  to them. These programs will be key to our economic recovery.   That brings me to Mrs. Guzman's nomination. Mrs. Guzman has decades  of experience working with, supporting, and founding small businesses,  which have prepared her to lead the SBA during this moment.   Most recently, Mrs. Guzman was the State of California's director of  the Office of Small Business Advocate, where she oversaw implementation  of the State's COVID-19 Relief Grant Program.   Mrs. Guzman also helped lead SBA during the Obama administration,  serving as the Deputy Chief of Staff and Senior Advisor for 3 years,  from 2014 through 2017.   During her nomination hearing last month, Mrs. Guzman demonstrated  her commitment to ensuring that SBA's relief programs, as well as its  traditional loan programs, are implemented equitably and that they help  small businesses in Black, Latino, Native, rural, and other underserved  communities overcome the historic barriers they face.   She is committed to ensuring the Agency has the right systems,  technology, and operating procedures in place to advance the mission  and reach all of our small businesses.   And she is committed to ``ensure funds get into the hands of small  businesses who have been hurt the most by the pandemic and the economic  crisis through no fault of their own.''   As we learned during the pandemic, SBA has a key role to play in our  Nation's effort to fight systems of inequality that prevent many  entrepreneurs in underserved and underbanked communities from starting  and growing successful businesses.   Mrs. Guzman will be an advocate for small businesses in these  communities within the administration, and she will be a strong partner  to us in Congress as we build better capacity to support small  businesses through the coming economic recovery.   Mrs. Guzman's commitment to equity and her deep knowledge of the  needs of small businesses and the best policies to help them are why  she received bipartisan praise during her nomination hearing and was  advanced by the committee by a bipartisan vote.   Mrs. Guzman has earned broad support from the small business  community. Her nomination has been endorsed by the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, U.S. Hispanic Chamber, the U.S. Black Chamber, the National  Small Business Association, the Small Business Majority, the National  Federation of Independent Businesses, and many other small business  advocacy groups.   SBA needs an Administrator who can hit the ground running, and I am  confident Mrs. Guzman is exactly the right person for the job.   I urge my colleagues who have spoken with small business owners who  still need support from the SBA--and I am sure everyone has--to join me  and vote to confirm Mrs. Guzman as the SBA Administrator.   I yield the floor.   