 Madam President, we need to talk about the opioid  crisis.   The 2020 data shows the largest annual increase in opioid deaths in  the last 50 years. According to the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, 69,710 Americans died last year from opioid-related  overdoses, a 37-percent increase from 2019.   In Louisiana, the opioid crisis is getting worse--and fast. In 2020,  our State, Louisiana, saw a serious spike and the steepest surge in  drug overdose deaths in the Nation. Louisiana drug overdose deaths  surpassed a record high 2,100 in the 12 months leading up to March  2021. Overdose mortality increased statewide by over 56 percent last  year.   These numbers are devastating. Last year, opioid deaths increased,  for example, in New Orleans by 51 percent with 365 OD deaths, 69  percent in Jefferson Parish, 35 percent in St. Tammany, and a 64- percent increase in St. Bernard Parish. Deaths continue to climb  throughout the State.   In Alexandria, Acadian Ambulance ``responded to nearly 160 calls of  opioid overdoses just in Rapides Parish--an average of over one call  per day.''   East Baton Rouge Parish, the State capital, is seeing significant  increases in fatal overdoses. According to a local TV station and the  coroner's office, 242 people died of an overdose in 2020. This year,  through September, the East Baton Rouge Parish has seen 214 fatal  overdoses, again, in the first 9 months of this year.   Now, the double tragedy of this is that these deaths are preventable.  In 2018, Congress passed landmark opioid legislation, and for the first  time in almost 30 years, the number of opioid deaths decreased. Then  the pandemic hit. Louisiana became the top State in drug overdose  growth during COVID-19. The pressure of the pandemic, the subsequent  influx of fentanyl from other countries--all this increased drug  addiction and, hence, drug death. After a year of lockdown, social  isolation, and stress, the opioid-related deaths shot through the roof.   Now, the opioid crisis is an epidemic. We should treat it like one.  It took a backseat to COVID during the pandemic, but it is time we  bring renewed attention to the opioid crisis because, for opioids,  there is no vaccine.   Over 1,900 folks in Louisiana lost their lives to drug overdose last  year--again, a 48-percent increase from 2019. We must be aware that  these are not just statistics; they are lives. They are mothers and  fathers, daughters and sons, and friends losing their lives to  addiction and being lost to others because of addiction.   It is a national crisis, a statistical crisis, and, most importantly,  a personal crisis. And as the numbers speak for themselves, we feel it  throughout Louisiana and our Nation.   We need to act now before more lives are lost. The crisis must be met  head-on at all levels. We need to work with local leaders to make sure  we implement opioid policies like the ones Congress has already passed  in CARA and the SUPPORT Act. These provide resources to stop illegal  drugs at the border, support the discovery of nonaddictive painkillers,  and deliver treatment to those already addicted. Every day we don't  take action, another mother loses a child, a son loses a father, and a  wife loses a husband.   I am committed to solving this crisis and to saving these lives.  Let's come together as a Congress and rededicate ourselves to solving  the opioid epidemic.   With that, I yield the floor.   