 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition  to H.R. 447, the National Apprenticeship Act of 2021.   As co-chair of the Congressional Career and Technical Education  Caucus, it takes a lot for me to oppose legislation like this, which  should be and always has been bipartisan. But my friends across the  aisle have included measures that just are not good for America, and  not bipartisan.   The National Apprenticeship Act, which was originally passed in 1937,  established the registered apprenticeship system we see today. This  system has provided many Americans with the opportunities to learn  tangible skills they need for high-wage, high-skill, and in-demand jobs  that will lead to fulfilling careers.   More recently, we have seen interest for apprenticeships rise as more  employers and small businesses are recognizing the vital role they play  in the development of a skilled workforce. This law is in desperate  need of reforms that will both strengthen and expand this traditional  system, while empowering employers and others to pursue work-based  learning innovation.   As co-chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus,  I have always supported and will continue to support legislation that  promotes skills-based education for a 21st century economy.   With that being said, we must acknowledge that the registered  apprenticeship system created during the Great Depression will never be  suitable by itself for a modern workforce.   While this bill codifies several Federal regulations for the  registered apprenticeship model, the underlying bill ignores the needs  of our workers and our economy.   Previous administrations have taken tremendous steps to grow the  number of high-quality apprenticeships and modernize work-based  learning programs, especially through the Department of Labor's  Industry-Recognized Apprenticeship Programs, or IRAPS.   This program is aimed to help foster continued innovation that  recognizes the dignity of all work and provides another tool for  apprentices to move into meaningful work in our rapidly evolving  economy.   However, the current legislation does not provide the needed  flexibility for innovation of these programs, the necessary funding to  carry out these programs, or change the current status quo.   By prohibiting these innovative programs, this bill assumes that a  registered program that works for one employer will meet the various  needs of every business across the country, regardless of size or  industry. We need to listen to what businesses are telling us.   For this reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   