 Mr. President, for months now, American families have  struggled with the growing burden of inflation. New data shows just how  bad things have gotten.   Last month, consumer prices increased at the fastest pace in 40  years. Now, I would like to take a little walk down memory lane. The  last time the American people endured price spikes like this, ``Eye of  the Tiger'' was one of the top songs on the radio. I am sure the  Senator from Delaware remembers that very well. The world had yet to be  introduced to Nintendo and Mario. Consumers were anxiously awaiting the  release of the first cell phone, which weighed in at a whopping 2  pounds. I remember those unwieldy telephones well.   Over the last four decades, of course, a lot has changed, and I am  not just talking about technology--the attacks of September 11, wars in  Iraq and Afghanistan, the great recession.   Even during the first year of the pandemic, inflation didn't come  close to hitting the heights that it has today. Between March 2020 and  February 2021, the inflation rate never topped 2 percent.   There were countless reasons for us to be optimistic. We had three  highly effective vaccines, with shots going into the arms of millions  of people every day. Schools were reopening. Employees were returning  to work. The American people began to discover a new semblance of  normal post-COVID.   But the administration ignored all of this progress because they had  another plan in mind. They seized on what one House Democrat described  as a ``tremendous opportunity to restructure things to fit [their]  vision.'' They crafted a nearly $2 trillion piece of legislation that  included their ideological priorities and tried to brand it as  necessary pandemic relief. But we know that only about 10 percent of  that $2 trillion expenditure went to COVID-19. Less than 1 percent went  for vaccines. What it did include was backdoor funding for Planned  Parenthood, a blank check for mismanaged union pension plans, and money  for climate justice. It was easy to see through the COVID relief  facade.   Well, as our colleagues pushed this bill forward, they ignored  warning signs from leading economists that this kind of spending  chasing limited goods and services could trigger inflation. Larry  Summers, who served as Secretary of Treasury during the Obama  administration, even predicted that this package could ``set off  inflationary pressures of a kind we have not seen in a generation.''   Our colleagues couldn't be convinced to change course, and look where  we are now as a result. We are experiencing inflation of a kind that we  have not seen in a generation. Last month, prices jumped a whopping 6.8  percent from the previous year, marking the sixth consecutive month in  which inflation has topped 5 percent.   When concerns were raised about this, the Federal Reserve claimed  that this inflation was transitory--in other words, it was a passing  moment--but the longer and longer inflation continues to rise and  continues to be a problem, it is looking less and less transitory and  more and more frightening. The reason it is frightening, of course, is  because particularly people on fixed incomes are seeing less and less  buying power for each dollar they spend. It is, some have said, a  hidden tax on the American people, which describes its impact very  well.    Well, month after month, the data has now demonstrated that this is  not just transitory and it isn't just a blip on the radar of our  economy. Inflation is running much hotter than expected, and things are  not expected to cool down anytime soon.   As families prepare for the Christmas holiday season, they are  bracing their wallets for higher than normal expenses, and one of the  biggest hits is for grocery bills--hardly something optional. Breakfast  on Christmas morning is sure to cost a lot more than it  [[Page S9144]]  did just a year ago. Egg prices are up 8 percent. Bacon costs a  whopping 21 percent more than it did just a year ago. Dinner--it won't  be any cheaper either. Prices are up for everything from ham to salad  dressing to pie.   Cooking that meal will cost you a lot more too. Electricity prices  are up 6.5 percent, and anyone cooking on a gas range will shell out 25  percent more than they did last year.   If you are traveling to see your extended family this year, you  better start saving for it now. Gas prices are up a whopping 58  percent, the largest increase since 1980.   Of course, this ignores the rising cost of gifts sitting under the  Christmas tree, if you can get them because of broken and delayed  supply chains. So the new cars and the washing machines and sofas that  countless families have purchased this year, all of those cost more.   You would think that our Democratic colleagues who are proposing  another $5 trillion in spending under the so-called BBB--or Build Back  Better bill--you would think they would view this with caution and back  off of their plans or at least tap the brakes for a second round of  unnecessary spending. Unfortunately, that does not appear to be the  case. In fact, the Senate majority leader, Senator Schumer, is trying  to double down on this next round of inflationary spending.   We know that every trick in the book has been employed to try to make  the BBB, the Build Back Better--``Build Back Broke,'' ``Build Back  Bad,'' ``Build Back Bankrupt,'' you call it what you will--our  Democratic colleagues have used every gimmick in the book to make the  price of this bill look as small as possible. Of course, they started  with the chairman of the Budget Committee. Senator Sanders wanted to  spend $6 trillion more. That was pared down to $3.5 trillion. Now, they  claim it is only $1.75 trillion. In order to achieve that number, they  have gamed the Tax Code to fund part of the bill while handing out tax  breaks to millionaires and billionaires in relief for State and local  taxes. They have strategically chosen start dates, sunsets, and  expiration dates that make these programs appear deceptively to cost  less.   One of our colleagues acknowledged that this is disingenuous  advertising and even told Mr. Graham, the Senator from South Carolina,  that he knew that this score they were promoting was full of gimmicks.   Of course, that is a lot different than the President himself, who  said this bill will cost zero. Now, everybody knows that is not true.   But there had been some debate about what the honest score would be  even with all the gimmicks. If the temporary provisions were extended,  as we all know they would be--there is no such thing as a temporary  government program around here or, as Ronald Reagan said, the closest  thing to eternal life is a temporary government program--this  legislation will cost a lot more than they admit, and we now know how  much that will be.   Senator Graham, who serves as a ranking member on the Budget  Committee, asked the Congressional Budget Office to provide a more  accurate cost estimate for this legislation. Others like me asked the  CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation to give us an updated estimate.  There have been a lot of requests made to come up with an accurate,  truth-in-advertising score for this huge bill.   Last week, we got what we asked for. We finally received the true  score for this legislation, and it is a whole lot more than the  American people were told and much more than they have bargained for.  Let's start with the cost provision of just one part of this bill, the  expanded child tax credit. This expansion initially came on the scene  as a temporary measure in the first partisan spending bill just 9  months ago. So this actually builds on the $2 trillion our colleagues  passed at the beginning of this year. The very first payments had  barely gone out the door when our friends on the other side of the  aisle called for these temporary provisions to be made permanent. Our  colleagues knew that a permanent expansion would have been far too  expensive so they opted for a temporary extension.   Earlier drafts of this bill would have extended this policy through  2025. As time went on, the pricetag was still too high so Democrats  scaled it back to a 1-year extension, but still nothing has changed.  Calls to make this temporary provision permanent have not gone away,  and I see no indication that our colleagues will ever be content to let  this extension expire after just 1 year.   Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle say this provision will  cost taxpayers $185 billion, as if that were a bargain. The latest  estimate from the CBO places the actual cost at roughly $1.6 trillion.  You heard that right. Our colleagues across the aisle said it would  just cost $185 billion, but the latest estimate from the Congressional  Budget Office placed the actual cost during the 10-year budget window  at roughly $1.6 trillion, nine times higher than what Democrats have  been telling the American people. The true cost of this one provision  is nearly as high as what our colleagues said the entire package would  cost.   Then you add in the other higher-than-promised expenses. The true  costs of payoffs and subsidies to organize labor, allowing dues to  become tax deductible will cost taxpayers billions more than  advertised.   But I will give them credit about one thing. They are transparent  when it comes to subsidizing more frivolous lawsuits against small  businesses by giving a permanent tax cut to trial lawyers. When you add  up all the not-so-temporary provisions, the Congressional Budget Office  says this bill will cost $4.9 trillion during the first 10 years--not  $1.75 trillion, not zero, but $4.9 trillion. Deficits and debt would  increase by a staggering $3 trillion; in other words, borrowed money  that the next generation or maybe next two generations will have to  repay, which makes President Biden's comment about ``zero'' even more  bizarre.   When it comes to solving our country's biggest problems, our  colleagues across the aisle have proven themselves to be a one-trick  pony. Whether the American people are facing a pandemic, a sluggish  economic recovery, red-hot inflation, or any combination of crises,  President Biden and our Democratic colleagues here in Congress think  trillions of dollars in new spending is the best path forward.   The first round of reckless spending hurt our economic recovery and  sent the American people on a wild inflationary ride. Our colleagues  continue to ignore clear signals from the economy, including warnings  by Democratic economists about the consequences to unchecked spending.   And we are now experiencing the highest inflation in a generation.  This second round of spending would usher in more inflation, higher  deficits, and even greater financial trouble for the American people.  The American people have clearly suffered enough, and it is time to  simply put the ``Build Back Bankrupt'' bill out of its misery.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   