 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as the new chairman of the Budget  Committee, I wanted to take a few moments to talk about the $1.9  trillion budget resolution that I hope will be passed late tomorrow  night.   I think sometimes our friends in the media make the political process  much more complicated than it is. Real politics in a democracy is not  that complicated. What it is about is assessing the problems facing the  Nation and coming up with solutions to those problems.   One of the great tragedies that has occurred, in my view, in recent  years is that for working-class people, middle-class people, lower- income people, these are folks who in a variety of ways are hurting and  have hurt for many, many years. Wages in this country have been  stagnant for decades. Young people are finding it increasingly  difficult to go to college. Ninety million Americans are uninsured or  underinsured. We have a political system which is significantly corrupt  because big money can buy elections. And people look around them and  they say: Who cares about me? Who is worried about me or my parents or  my kids?   When that happens--when that kind of political alienation happens-- people can become prone to conspiracy theories and all kinds of big  lies and everything else. Here is the simple truth, not complicated.  Right now in this year 2021, we face more crises than this country has  faced certainly since the Great Depression and maybe going back to the  Civil War, when the very existence of this country was at stake.   As we speak right now, whether it is in the State of Georgia or my  State of Vermont and all over this country, there are tens of millions  of working families who have lost their jobs, lost their incomes, and  they are worried tonight as to how they are going to be able to feed  their families. They are worried about the back rent they owe.   We have a moratorium on evictions, but that moratorium some day is  going to end. People say: How am I going to pay thousands of dollars in  back rent? I am going to be evicted. I am going to be out on the  street.   People are in the midst of this terrible, terrible pandemic, where we  have lost over 400,000 lives--well over 400,000 lives. There are over  90 million people who are uninsured or underinsured and are having  difficulty affording going to the doctor, and on and on it goes.   Kids. I have seven grandchildren. Kids all over this country have had  their education disrupted.   As a result of the pandemic, people have become isolated from their  friends and their families. Mental illness is soaring with increased  numbers of depression, anxiety, and suicidal ideation.   This country faces just terrible, terrible problems. I think we can  agree that the year 2020 was the worst year in so many ways in our  lifetime, maybe in the history of this country. And now, right now, it  is absolutely imperative that the Congress of the United States  understands that reality and keeps faith with the American people.   One of the reasons, by the way--and I say this to the Presiding  Officer today, who is from Georgia and recently won his election--it is  doubly important that we keep faith with the American people is because  promises were made in this election in Georgia, which was not just a  Senate race. It was more of a national race. President Biden was  involved. Majority Leader Schumer was involved. I was involved. A lot  of leading Democrats were involved.   We said to the people in Georgia and we said to the people in  America: If we gain the majority, we are going to significantly improve  lives for working people all over this country. Those are promises made  that must be kept.   I want to just spend a few moments to talk about what is in this  bill. We throw out numbers--$1.9 trillion. Who knows what $1.9 trillion  is? It is such an unfathomable number. It is such a huge number. What  does it mean? Who knows? Who understands that?   I want you to understand what is in this bill. For a start, what I  believe and I know you believe is that when people are hurting, when  they owe back rent, when they can't afford to feed their kids, when  they can't afford to go to the doctor, we need to get cash into the  pockets of those people as soon as we possibly can.   I was one of the people here a month ago when a whole lot of people  were talking about it. I said we need direct payments. We need to get  cash into the hands of people. I fought very hard. We ended up with  just $600 in the last bill. It wasn't enough. It is a start, but not  enough. We said our goal was $2,000. And in this bill, there will be an  additional $1,400 for every working-class man, woman, and child.   So if you are an individual, a single person making $75,000 or less,  when we pass this legislation you are going to get a check for $1,400.  If you are a couple earning less than $150,000, and let's just say you  have two kids, each person in the family, the husband, the wife, and  the two kids get $1,400 apiece. That is $5,600.   Let me tell you something. For a struggling working-class family,  that $5,600 is going to mean an enormous amount. It will allow people  to pay the rent, allow people to pay off their debts, allow people to  go to the doctor. That is what this legislation is about.   We made a promise. Some of us made that promise--I did--that we would  make sure that in working-class families, each individual gets $2,000  and we  [[Page S312]]  will keep that promise: $600 then, $1,400 now.   As a result of this pandemic, we have seen a horrific increase in  unemployment. Unemployment is soaring all over this country. Millions  of workers have lost their jobs. They have no income coming in. The  extended unemployment benefits that were previously passed are going to  expire in mid-March. What this legislation does--very importantly--if  you are unemployed right now and you are worried you are going to lose  your employment, when we pass this legislation, your unemployment is  going to be extended through the end of September. And on top of the  normal unemployment benefits you get from your State--and they vary  State to State--you are going to get an additional $400 a week. We will  not turn our backs on the millions of unemployed workers in this  country.    Included in the legislation that we are fighting for is the need to  raise the minimum wage in this country from the starvation wage that  currently exists of $7.25 an hour to a living wage of $15 an hour. Now,  we understand that restaurants and small businesses are hurting, and in  this legislation, there will be a significant amount of money to make  sure that small businesses will be able to afford that wage increase.   You know, when we talk about the economy, the media very often  focuses on the stock market. That is important. We can focus on  unemployment--terribly important. Yet what we don't focus on enough is  that half of our workers in this country are living paycheck to  paycheck. They have nothing in the bank, and they have to live off the  paychecks they make. If they have an automobile problem--the car breaks  down--or somebody in the family gets sick, they are in deep financial  trouble. It seems to me that, in the richest country in the history of  the world, it is not too much to demand that, if you work 40 hours a  week, you don't live in poverty. Fifteen bucks an hour is not going to  make anybody rich, but I have seen workers and talked to workers all  over this country who are trying to raise their kids on $10, $12 an  hour, and you can't do it. So $15 an hour is an important start in  making sure that all working people in this country can live with  dignity.   This legislation will expand the child tax credit from $2,000 to  $3,000 and to $3,600 for families with kids under the age of 6. Now,  what is not talked about very much in America--not by politicians, not  by the media--is the fact that we have one of the highest rates of  childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth, and that is a  terrible, terrible thing. You know, politicians give speeches of ``the  future of this country is with our children,'' so forth and so on, but  they have millions of kids living in poverty. Millions of families  can't afford to send their kids to decent quality childcare. So  expanding the child tax credit will go a very long way to reducing  child poverty in America, and that is something that we must do.   It is no great secret that, as a result of the pandemic, our revenues  going into State and local governments are in significant decline. The  result of that is that, in the last year, well over a million State and  local employees have been laid off. We are talking about teachers. We  are talking about firemen. We are talking about police officers and  other municipal and State employees. When you have those layoffs, not  only is that a crisis unto itself for those workers, it means that  State and local governments cannot provide the services that need to be  provided in the midst of this terrible crisis. So this legislation  would provide $350 billion to State and local governments, many of  which are facing bankruptcy.   Now, obviously, the crisis that we are facing today is not only an  economic crisis, it is clearly a health crisis. The good news is that,  in a relatively short period of time, at least two manufacturers in  this country--and more, I think, are coming on board--have introduced  and created vaccines, which are now being distributed. That is the good  news. The bad news is that we need to significantly increase the  production of those vaccines. We don't have enough. Even more  importantly, we have to do a heck of a lot better job in distributing  those vaccines and getting those vaccines into the arms of people, and  this legislation will provide billions and billions of dollars to do  just that.   At a time when we are looking at the highest level of hunger in this  country in decades, many billions of dollars are going to make sure  that our children and our families do not go hungry. Clearly, one of  the major crises facing this country is that schools in every State are  either not open or they are open with irregular hours. Kids are trying  to get an education online. Sometimes it works and sometimes it  doesn't, but our goal is to make sure that we can reopen schools and  expand after-school and childcare programs for working families and do  it in a way that is safe. We want parents to feel good and know that  the facilities they are sending their children to are safe, and we have  a whole lot of money in this bill to do just that.   In this bill, in order to protect workers, there is a sizable sum of  money to prevent the pensions of millions of workers and retirees from  being slashed by 30, 40, or even 65 percent. A number of years ago, in  the middle of night, in some big omnibus bill, language was put in that  would destroy the promises made to millions of workers in terms of the  pensions that they were guaranteed, and we rectify that in this bill.   Right now, in America, as I mentioned earlier, some 90 million of our  people are either uninsured or underinsured, which speaks to the need,  in my view, of major healthcare reform. My own view is that we need to  put in a Medicare for All, single-payer program so that we are  no spending twice as much per capita on healthcare as any other country  on Earth despite so many people being uninsured or underinsured. Well,  Medicare for All is not in this bill, but what is in this bill is a  significant amount of money to expand healthcare, and we are still  looking at the best ways to do that. One of the ways will probably be  by expanding Medicaid and also investing significantly in community  health centers and the National Health Service Corps. We have a crisis  in terms of the number of doctors and nurses that we need, and the  National Health Service Corps is a program which will forgive debt for  doctors and nurses if they practice in underserved areas.    I know sometimes we get consumed by numbers. It is going to be $2.1  trillion, $1.9 trillion, $1.7 trillion. That is not the issue. The  issue is whether we are prepared to address the crises facing the  American people. Will this bill solve all of the problems that we face?  No, it will not. Will it go a long way to addressing many of the crises  and easing the anxiety of so many working families? Yes, it will, but  this should not be the end of the process. As soon as we pass this, we  are going to come back with another major piece of legislation, and  that will deal with some of the long-term structural problems our  country faces in terms of a crumbling infrastructure and in terms of  the need to deal with the existential threat of climate change. We need  to create millions of good-paying jobs. That is something that this  Congress has got to address. Too many of our people are unemployed, and  too many of our people are underemployed. This we will be dealing with  in the next COVID reconciliation bill.   Now, there has been some discussion on--and the media seems fixated  on--the issue of partisanship. Oh, my God. We are being so partisan  here. Let me remind everybody that, under the Trump administration,  massive tax breaks were passed that went to the top 1 percent and large  corporations. Eighty-three percent of the benefits in the Trump tax  plan went to the 1 percent and large corporations. Do you know how  bipartisan that bill was that passed in reconciliation? There was not  one Democrat who voted for that bill. It was voted just with Republican  votes.   Then, outrageously, as part of the reconciliation, the Republicans  came forward and said: Hey, we think it is a brilliant idea to repeal  the Affordable Care Act and throw up to 32 million people off the  healthcare that they have. I don't know what people are thinking about  when they propose to throw tens of millions of people off the  healthcare that they have, but that was their idea to repeal the  Affordable Care Act. By one vote by the late John McCain, that did not  happen, but not one Democrat voted for that bill.  [[Page S313]]    My point is that it is one thing for my Republican friends here to be  talking about the need for bipartisanship, which all of us support, but  the reality is they used exactly the same process to pass or at least  try to pass major, major pieces of legislation.   So all that I want to say is that we are living in an unprecedented  moment in American history. Again, it is quite likely that this  Congress today and President Biden are facing more serious crises than  any President--certainly, since FDR and maybe going back to Abraham  Lincoln--has faced. We have a healthcare crisis. We have a pandemic. We  have an economic meltdown. We have an education crisis. We have an  infrastructure crisis. We have a criminal justice crisis. We have an  immigration crisis. You name it, we got it. Either we are going to have  the courage to address those problems or we are not, and I think now is  the time to do it. We certainly look forward to the support from our  Republican colleagues, but what is most important is that, at a time of  massive pain and anxiety, this Congress acts boldly on behalf of  working families.   For too long, we have seen the Congress give tax breaks to  billionaires. We have seen lobbyists work to get hundreds of billions  of dollars in corporate welfare for people who don't need it. We have  seen a tax system in which major corporations like Amazon--maybe the  most profitable corporation in America or one of the most profitable  corporations and owned by the wealthiest guy in America--pay zero in  Federal taxes, and, right now, the very rich have an effective tax rate  which is lower than that of working families.   So I know it may sound like a radical idea, but the time is now for  the U.S. Congress to begin to represent the vast majority of the  people--the working class of this country, the middle class of this  country, and lower income people--who are struggling. Let us work  together. Let us crush this terrible pandemic. Let us get our kids back  to school. Let us reopen our economy. Let us create a government that  works for all of us and not just the very few.   I yield the floor.   