 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  the cooperative work we have done on this bill, clean water bills, and  many other issues. It is great to work with him and the committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. The health  effects that are known, are, you know, just a few things: cancer,  kidney disease, pregnancy-related disorders, low birth weights, and  immune system repression. But that is just what we know, so I guess we  shouldn't worry about this too much.   Once it is in the environment, it breaks down. Once it is in your  body, it doesn't go away. You get to certain levels and, then, you are  going to start having these health effects. They are forever chemicals.   But, right now, there are no stringent requirements to test or  monitor for PFAS. We don't know the extent of the pollution.   This bill is critical to address this legacy and public health risk  and put us on a path to addressing the pervasive threat to our health,  our citizens, and our environment.   I want to highlight a few sections that fall within the jurisdiction  of my committee, the provisions which designate PFAS-related chemicals  as hazardous substances under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,  Compensation, and Liability Act, CERCLA, commonly known as Superfund.   We did put in a very limited exemption, which goes to firefighting at  airports. Right now, the foam they use contains PFAS, and if they  follow the FAA rules, they won't have liability. But DOD, FAA, and  others are researching alternatives for foam retardants, and hopefully,  they won't have to use this stuff in the near future.   There are two Clean Water Act amendments that will limit the  additional release of PFAS; the first by the gentleman from New  Hampshire (Mr. Pappas), who has been very persistent on this issue,  closing a Clean Water Act loophole for discharges. Today, companies can  legally discharge almost unlimited quantities of PFAS-related chemicals  into rivers, streams, and lakes because the EPA has not set limits for  discharging into our aquatic environment. This is unacceptable. The  gentleman's amendment will set statutory guidelines for the EPA to act  and set those limits.   Section 17 prioritizes the industry sectors with the greatest  likelihood of discharging harmful quantities. The gentleman did great  work on this. We worked with wastewater utilities and industry  representatives, and they agree with our approach.   I also rise in support of section 13, another Clean Water Act  provision, by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Delgado), a member of my  committee, to prevent our sewers from being dumping grounds. Industrial  discharges can now be discharged into local municipal systems, and if  it is not known, then they can't deal with it. They can't pretreat it,  and they can't get it out.   So, I rise in strong support of this bill, and I thank everyone who  participated in its writing.   