 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 51, the  Washington, D.C. Admissions Act.   In many respects, America seems to be at the same point we were in  the 1930s and 1940s--calling for a single party rule from Washington,  D.C.   Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis observed at that time: ``The  greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachments by men of  zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.''   These words of wisdom might also offer some inspiration to us here  today: ``Whenever a people or an institution forgets its hard  beginnings, it is beginning to decay'' by Carl Sandberg.   Mr. Speaker, both of these sayings are on the halls of our Capitol.   Addressing people's ability to vote is important. Addressing a  party's desire for singular political control of a Nation is another  matter.   Our Constitution outlines the process for admitting new States to the  Union and rules regarding the formation of the District of Columbia.   In 1961, 36 States voted to ratify the 23rd Amendment to the  Constitution, ensuring that the District of Columbia had representation  and taxation. That was done out of fairness. These 36 States did this  out of fairness.   We have already heard what the Attorney General Robert Kennedy said,  but, Mr. Speaker, today we are doing the inconceivable and will produce  the absurdity.   Legislation does not overrule a constitutional amendment. Legislation  is subject to the Constitution and all of its amendments.   If you want to make D.C. a State, have a process that overturns the  23rd Amendment and then ratify a 29th Amendment, which then repeals the  23rd Amendment.   There is precedent. The 18th Amendment was repealed by the 21st  Amendment to end Prohibition. On February 20, 1933, Congress passed the  repealing Amendment. On December 5, 1933, the proper number of States  ratified the Amendment, and the 18th Amendment ceased to exist.   This was done by this country during prohibition. This is the  standard by which we take care of the Constitution and the amendments  thereon.   Our system of government is predictable on the rule of law and  following procedure, but today's bill abandons that procedure of  amendments to the Constitution in favor of politics.   