 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have been told by the majority party  that soon we will be having a vote on an 800-page bill to change 50  State voting laws to 1 Federal law. This bill is called the For the  People Act. It was compiled after the 2018 elections to call into  question the legitimacy of democratic elections for partisan political  purposes.   If it had been a serious attempt at legislating, there would have  been some outreach to some Republicans because it takes 60 votes, a  bipartisan vote, to get anything through the U.S. Senate.   In that process, there would have been consultation also with local  elected officials--the election officials who conduct the State  elections--to make sure it was workable. There would have been hearings  in the Congress. There would have been revisions from the bill  originally introduced.   The fact that back in 2018, when it was introduced, is the fact that  it was intended as political propaganda, and that betrays the absurdity  of the title, the ``For the People Act.''   Also, despite Senator Schumer's using Senate rule XIV in the last  Congress to bypass the committee and put the bill directly on the  Senate calendar, Senator Schumer never used his right to force a vote  on moving to the bill. At that time, the Democratic narrative was that  Republicans were not doing enough to secure the election so the results  might end up being in doubt. Now, what we know from happening in the  last election, that argument is out the window now.   Since the Democrats got the results they wanted, they endlessly quote  the Trump administration's top cyber security official declaring the  2020 election the most secure ever in history.   I assumed last Congress that Senator Schumer would wait until right  before the 2020 election to force a vote so he could accuse Republicans  of blocking an election bill for their campaign narrative questioning  election security. Instead, they repeatedly, dishonestly, blamed the  Republican leader for blocking the bill, ignoring the fact that the  Democratic leader had reserved the possibility of forcing a vote.   The For the People Act is a messaging bill. The bill has now been  reintroduced and recast as a response to a few State election security  laws. A handful of relatively modern reforms at the State level have  been shamelessly and falsely characterized as voter suppression, even  considering the fact that in the last election, the winner got the  highest number of votes of any winner for President in the history of  the United States, and the loser got the highest number of votes of any  candidate for President of the United States throughout our history.   As I have mentioned before, the claim by some Trump supporters that a  certain brand of voting machine switched votes, I pointed out that that  was lifted entirely from the Democrats' 2004 playbook. And President  Trump's questioning of his loss in Georgia was simply following in the  footsteps of the losing candidate for Governor of Georgia 2 years  before. The Georgia Democrat lost by over 50,000 votes in 2018 and has  never even bothered to try to prove voting irregularities on that  scale.   Foreign adversaries like Russia and China cast doubts on the  soundness of our democratic system, both to weaken us from within and  to justify their own repressive regimes. American politics should not  do these repressive regimes propaganda jobs for them, but too often we  tend to be doing that.   This bill is being called democracy reform. I support our American  democratic system. All Americans should be proud of it. We can and  should have confidence in our elections. Our democracy does not need a  fundamental rewrite because our democracy works.   Let's stop casting doubt on American elections, stop casting  aspersions on the commonsense election security measures supported by  Americans of all backgrounds. Let's work together to boost the  confidence of all Americans in our elections.   This bill would register illegal aliens. It would do away with State  voter ID laws. It would have taxpayer-funded elections.   I remember what our colleague Senator Cruz said. In the first quarter  of this year, he raised--it must have been in the neighborhood of about  $5 million from contributors of under $200. So if you get that kind of  money, under this bill, from people under $200, for every dollar you  get, you get $6 from the taxpayers. So Senator Cruz, I am told, would  get about $34 million of taxpayer funds to use for political purposes.  We don't need to replace 50 State voting laws as this 800-page bill  would.   I yield the floor.    Senator Gillibrand, as 1 of the 65 other cosponsors of  this legislation, I think you are to be commended for every day coming  to the floor, to be as consistent in being for this legislation as you  have been since 2013. And every one of us thank you for your  persistence. You need to be congratulated. And all the people who have  been harmed by sexual assaults over the last decades owe you a great  deal of gratitude for that.   So I am here to join Senator Gillibrand in asking for a vote on this  crucial legislation. And, obviously, today we aren't going to get it,  but eventually it is going to happen. You can't say no to 66 Senators  that want this legislation. The Military Justice Improvement and  Increasing Prevention Act has that many bipartisan cosponsors, and it  is past time for this bill to become law.   This legislation was first introduced by Senator Gillibrand and me  and other Senators 8 years ago and has gained more and more support  each year. Senators who previously were skeptical have come around and  realized that the Department of Defense can't handle the pervasive  problems of sexual assault on their own.   The Armed Services Committee and the Department of Defense have had  more than enough time to consider this idea. They have told us that  they have it under control and tried other approaches. Those approaches  have not worked. Women and men in the military continue to face high  rates of sexual assault and retaliation. It is clear this bill is  needed.   By moving the decision to prosecute out of the chain of command,  perpetrators of sexual assault and other serious crimes will be held  accountable. Survivors will have more confidence in the process.  Retaliation will be less likely. We have been waiting almost a decade.  There is no need any longer to wait. I urge my colleagues to allow this  bill to move forward today. And, obviously, it isn't going to move  forward today, but Senator Gillibrand will be back here tomorrow,  asking the same thing. And I applaud you for doing that.   I yield the floor.   