 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Republicans are shining a spotlight on  the reckless taxing-and-spending spree that Washington Democrats are  writing behind closed doors. The radical left is pushing in all their  chips. They want to use this terrible but temporary pandemic as a  Trojan horse for permanent socialism. And President Biden, who ran as a  unifying moderate, is either powerless to stop them or does not wish  to.   An avalanche--an avalanche--of crushing tax hikes that would hurt  families and would help China; a government power grab over more of  Americans' healthcare decisions, childcare choices, family finances,  and daily lives; trillions upon trillions more in government spending  when families are already facing inflation--none of this, of course,  will get a single Republican vote in either Chamber.   Democrats have not even consulted us. They haven't tried to earn our  votes. From the start, they have planned to use a party-line, fast- track process to ram through the Senate this version of their vision of  America.   That is why Republicans will not help this unified Democratic  government with its basic duty to raise the debt ceiling. This could  not be simpler. If they want to tax, borrow, and spend historic sums of  money without our input, they will have to raise the debt limit without  our help.   This is the reality. I have been saying this very clearly since July,  and I think our Democratic colleagues are finally getting it because  now they are fumbling for bogus excuses. They remain confident they can  spend trillions of dollars to remake the entire economy in a couple of  weeks, but, supposedly, they just cannot clear this much smaller  procedural hurdle without Republican help. Really? Give me a break.   Earlier this year, Senate Democrats specifically requested and  received extra flexibility around the reconciliation process. They have  every procedural tool they need to promptly advance a separate stand- alone piece of legislation addressing the debt limit without a single  Republican vote. Our colleagues have plenty of time to get this done.  It is laughable--laughable--to hear some Democrats claiming they simply  don't have enough time.   Last month, Democrats introduced a sweeping budget resolution on  August 9 and passed it before sunrise on August 11--3 days. Our  Democratic colleagues have about a month--a month--plenty of time to do  their job as a unified government and protect the full faith and credit  of the United States.   The Democratic chairman of the House Budget Committee admitted last  weekend that Democrats could--could--tackle the debt limit alone, but  they just don't want to. Some Senate  [[Page S6633]]  Democrats have said similar things. This may be inconvenient for them,  but it is totally possible. And this Democratic government must not  manufacture an avoidable crisis for the sake of their own convenience.   Senate Democrats know what they need to do. Let me lay it out. They  will need to write a short resolution amending their previous budget  resolution with new debt limit instructions. You have to take that to  the Budget Committee, which will probably deadlock, so they will vote  to discharge it like they have done for other bills and nominations.   Then a vote to proceed on the floor, a limited vote-a-rama, and a  vote on final passage. And then, once the budget has been amended,  House and Senate Democrats will use the same fast-track process on a  short and simple bill to actually raise the debt limit.   This won't be a multiweek process. It is probably about a week of the  Senate's time or a little more. And they won't have to wait on their  reckless taxing-and-spending spree either. They can move a stand-alone  debt limit bill all on its own.   I understand our Democratic colleagues may feel inconvenienced by  this. I understand this may slightly delay their partisan bill, but  that is a complaint. That is a complaint, not an excuse.   We have a unified Democratic government that has decided to govern  alone. They cannot put partisan ambitions ahead of basic duties. The  party-line authors of this reckless taxing-and-spending spree will be  the party-line owners of raising the debt limit.   