 Mr. Speaker, as elected Representatives, we are obligated  to handle taxpayer dollars in a manner that is both responsible and  above reproach. For decades, legislators, through provisions such as  the Hyde amendment, have rightfully shielded hardworking citizens' tax  dollars from the unethical practice of abortion.   However, countless legislative proposals this Congress prove that my  colleagues across the aisle are not interested in preserving vital pro- life, good government provisions upon which our constituents depend, as  they have intentionally eliminated the Hyde amendment at every  opportunity. By removing pro-life provisions like Hyde, we are  subjecting the American people to funding practices that violate the  sanctity of life.   I could speak at length about the horrors of abortion, but the simple  fact of the matter is this: Taxpayer dollars should never financially  support abortion, and we should always protect the conscience rights of  our constituents.   As such, Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees on  Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged  from further consideration of H.R. 18, and I ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   I am proud to stand up for the lives of the unborn, and I strongly  urge my colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Encounters at the southern border have reached a 20-year high of now  over one million illegals trying to smuggle themselves into our  country. This proves that the Biden administration's immigration  policies are not working and that they have reignited a crisis at our  southern border previously contained by the Trump administration.   In fact, the border crisis is getting so bad that States not even  geographically connected to the border are feeling the effects.   Just last week I was traveling down I-24 East from Nashville,  Tennessee, to Chattanooga, Tennessee, and larger than day was this huge  yellow billboard that said: ``CRISIS, Biden Fix the Border.'' The  problems are drugs, cartels, and illegals. This was not some political  party that put up that billboard, it was organic. It was homegrown  right from the heart of the American people. The message is crystal  clear, and America should stand up and take notice.   So why am I seeing this sign in Tennessee, a State that has no  connection to the southern border? It is because the Biden  administration is flying illegals to every State in the Union making  every State a border State. This must stop.   Further complicating the crisis, the Biden administration is  considering the elimination of title 42, a Centers for Disease Control  public health authority that allows border officials to turn back  illegal migrants due to the danger posed by communicable diseases.   By doing this, the Biden administration is not only preventing U.S.  border officials from doing their jobs, but unnecessarily exposing  American citizens to the dangers of COVID-19.   Since the beginning of the crisis, the Biden administration's  reckless policies implemented by executive order have been exposing  communities to COVID-19 by refusing to test every illegal migrant that  is apprehended.   Even Secretary Mayorkas himself admitted to me in a committee hearing  that his agency has released illegals into the interior of the United  States who are known to be infected with COVID-19. Local communities  are then forced to deal with it.   This is simply unacceptable.   For these reasons I introduced H.R. 2076, the COVID-19 Border  Protection Act. My bipartisan legislation requires the Department of  Homeland Security, in consultation with Health and Human Services, to  develop a comprehensive strategy to test illegals that are encountered  at the border and quarantine those who test positive. With the rise of  the new COVID-19 delta variant, it is critical that every illegal alien  who crosses the border be tested.   H.R. 2076 has bipartisan support and 41 cosponsors, including the  support of all the GOP Members of the House Homeland Security  Committee.  [[Page H3828]]    I will continue to push this effort to safeguard the American people  and will soon introduce an amendment to the fiscal year 2022 DHS  appropriations that will help accomplish the goals of H.R. 2076.    I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  legislation. I thank my good friend and colleague from Texas for  holding this very important Special Order.   