 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it is a real honor to be down here with  my friend and the chairwoman of the Agriculture Committee, Senator  Stabenow, and I appreciate her cooperation in working so very hard and  providing the leadership to get Secretary Vilsack confirmed.   The nomination hearing was held a few weeks ago by the Committee on  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry to vet the former Secretary and  now future Secretary Vilsack. The timing was unusual, but it displayed  the bipartisan nature of the committee. The committee was not  officially organized, so the chairwoman and I, because we didn't want  to set a precedent and didn't have any precedent in that situation, led  the hearing together. I trust, in going forward, that the chairwoman  will continue to work with me and our minority members on the committee  to assist the Agriculture Committee in a truly bipartisan way. We have  the example of her and Senator Roberts in the great job that they did  in working as a team.   Secretary Vilsack is no stranger to the Department of Agriculture, in  having served as the Secretary from 2009 through 2017. He has an  excellent reputation of putting rural America at the top of his agenda.  I am a strong believer that past performance is indicative of future  performance, so I am confident that Secretary Vilsack will be  successful this go-around.   I look forward to strengthening my working relationship with the  Secretary so we can find success in supporting those who work at the  Department and assisting those whom the Department serves. Whether that  success is borne from the Secretary's utilizing existing authorities or  through new legislation, I trust that the Secretary will work with  Congress as the agriculture community tackles new and existing  challenges and works to build on countless past successes.   The Department must continue to work with all producers in order to  provide them with certainty and with predictability. Farmers and  ranchers find themselves in a curious position and curious times in  battling COVID, natural disasters, and turning the tide of a few  tumultuous trade seasons. The Secretary must ensure that this  administration works with producers of all regions and all commodities  and that the Department does not make the hard work of farmers and  ranchers more difficult by throwing up obstacles as opposed to opening  doors of opportunity.   I look forward to Secretary Vilsack's coming back to the committee in  a few weeks to discuss his plans in depth for the Department as was  agreed to at his hearing. I believe the discussion will help the  committee have a clearer picture of the Department and the work that  lays before us. I will be voting to confirm Tom Vilsack, former  Secretary and future Secretary. I urge others to do so as well.   Again, thank you to the chairwoman for her collegiality and  cooperation.   I yield the floor.   