 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I rise today in opposition to the latest effort by  Republicans to undermine Americans' health and safety. COVID-19 remains  a grave danger. We have lost more than 775,000 Americans to this virus,  and cases are rising yet again.   Despite this clear and present danger, millions of workers across  this country have been showing up to their jobs every day since this  pandemic began. Essential workers, nurses, doctors, janitors, security  guards, retail employees, and countless more were never able to work  remotely. They can't Zoom to the cash register, checkout, or the  driver's seat of a bus. But these workers faced and continue to face  on-the-job exposures and the hazards those exposures entail.   We are lucky to have tools to mitigate these dangers for workers.  Testing works. Vaccines work. Booster shots work. Masks work. And as  these new variants begin circulating around the globe and as vaccine  effectiveness begins to wane, for those who were among the first  vaccinated, especially for older Americans and the immune compromised,  it is incredibly important that everyone get their boosters now.   Let me just say that again: If you are eligible, don't wait. Get your  booster shot now. If you have two shots already and you got them 6  months ago, you are not fully vaccinated. If you don't have your third  shot right now, you are not fully vaccinated. If you have two shots  already, and it is more than 6 months after you got those first two  shots, just understand that, when you say ``I am vaccinated,'' it is  not accurate. You need the third shot.   Not only do the vaccines work, but vaccine requirements work. They  increase vaccination rates and improve worker safety. We have seen in  Massachusetts that, as the State government implemented vaccine  requirements, vaccination rates approached 95 percent of State  employees.   We aren't just the Bay State; we are also the ``Brain State.'' We  listened to what scientists and medical experts are telling us.   So to protect workers, the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration, or OSHA, at the Department of Labor, published a rule  known as an emergency temporary standard--an emergency temporary  standard, or ETS. That emergency temporary standard will keep employees  safe by requiring large companies to ensure that each of their workers  is fully vaccinated.   And if employees cannot or will not be vaccinated, they simply must  test negative for COVID-19 at least once a week before coming into  work. It is as simple as that: Get vaccinated or get tested.   The ETS also requires that employees protect their coworkers by  wearing a mask in the workplace. This requirement is not onerous. In  fact, it is flexible for all workers to require employees to provide  paid time off to workers to get vaccinated and ensures that paid leave  is provided for recovery from any side effects of the vaccinations that  keep employees from being able to work.   These are simple, commonsense rules that will save lives--testing,  masks, vaccines, boosters. OSHA estimates that its emergency temporary  standard will prevent 6,500 people from dying and 250,000 people from  having to go to become hospitalized over just a 6-month period.   But while Democrats and the Biden Administration are doing everything  possible to maintain an economic and health recovery, Republicans are  doing everything they can to undercut science and confidence in this  administration. This latest attempt--trying to overturn the OSHA  emergency temporary standard and threatening to undermine the health  and safety of millions of workers--is outrageous and the worst kind of  political stunt.   We mandate vaccinations for our children so that they can be healthy  and go to school. We mandate vaccinations so our servicemembers are  protected in the line of duty. Let us protect our workers in our  workplaces so that they can stay healthy and stay on the job.   But there is a terrible irony here from my Republican colleagues. At  the exact same time that the Grand Old Party is bemoaning this OSHA  worker protection effort as a so-called mandate, they are celebrating  mandating government control over women's reproductive freedom at the  Supreme Court. They would rather mandate government control over a  woman's body than mandate worker safety.    If we want to end this pandemic, we need to get as many people  vaccinated as we can. Unfortunately, Republicans see a political  benefit to prolonging the pain and the suffering from the virus and  preventing vaccinations where possible.   This is wrong. This is immoral. And I urge my colleagues to support  the OSHA emergency temporary standard. I urge my colleagues to support  that emergency temporary standard and oppose this effort by Republicans  to overturn this critical, life-protecting regulation, which is on the  books, if we can keep it there.   So we need to ensure that we are saying to every family: We have your  back. We are going to be protecting you. We are going to make sure  those safeguards are in place.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   