 Mr. President, a year ago Saturday, the previous  administration, the Trump administration, launched something called  Operation Warp Speed. At that time, it was a $10 billion program by the  government, and it was designed to incentivize pharmaceutical companies  to invest in developing, researching, and producing effective  treatments and a vaccine for a disease that was ravaging and continues  to ravage the world today.   Less than 4 months later, a new antibody treatment was beginning to  save American lives and improving the outcomes of patients with COVID- 19 here in America. And less than 7 months after that Operation Warp  Speed program began, Americans began receiving the first dose of two  different and highly effective vaccines.   Why did the government have to step in? Why did the government have  to provide the money? Wouldn't the market have solved this? There was  certainly a demand. There was certainly a need for it. In fact, I would  argue that people probably would have paid whatever it took to get  their hands on a vaccine and on new treatments given the level of  desperation that existed in May of last year here and around the world.   Yes, the market would have eventually developed the antivirals, would  have developed the antibody treatments, and would have developed the  vaccine. The market would have eventually done it without the  government stepping in, in this dramatic way. But it wouldn't have done  it in the timing that we needed it. We needed it right away. Our  economy was shut down. Children were not going to school. Workers had  no jobs. Small businesses were being wiped out. Hospitals were being  overrun, and people were dying. We were facing a global crisis and a  national emergency. It was a moment that required urgent attention and  the fastest results possible. So for the common good of our country,  our government partnered with the private sector to reach a targeted  end, one that served the interest of our country and our people. In  short, we pursued ``industrial policy'' and almost 1 year to the very  day, it was announced that life in America is, slowly but steadily,  returning to normal.   I first spoke about the need for a 21st century American industrial  policy well over a year before the pandemic hit. Let me tell you that  for much of my adult life, much of the time I even paid attention to  policy, ``industrial policy'' was generally sort of a dirty phrase for  me. Politically, I was raised capitalist orthodox. It is an economic  faith grounded in the belief of less taxes and less government and more  freedom.   I still believe in less taxes and less government and more freedom,  and my faith in capitalism has only grown because, unlike socialism,  the market always produces the most efficient outcome and, usually,  generally, invariably, the result of that is prosperity and  opportunity. The free market--capitalism--has eradicated more poverty  than all the socialist programs in the world combined.  [[Page S2559]]    But the market is agnostic. It doesn't take into account the impact  that an efficient outcome, a market outcome, would have on its people.  Thus the market does not take into account its national interests. It  is agnostic.   We in public policy cannot be agnostic. The job of those of us who  serve in the American Government is to make decisions that are in the  best interests of America and the people that we serve. I believe that,  generally and invariably, that usually means supporting a vibrant  system of free enterprise in which private businesses invest and  innovate and produce, and government makes it easier for them to do  that and gets out of the way.   But what do we do, what should we do, when the market reaches the  most efficient outcome and the most efficient outcome is one that is  bad for America, bad for Americans, or doesn't meet a crisis at hand  fast enough? What is our role when we face such a crisis, when we must  address one that has to be addressed faster than the market's ability  to do it?   This is not a hypothetical question. It describes what we faced in  May of last year, when Operation Warp Speed was announced, and it  describes many of the important challenges we face today.   Over the last 20 years--maybe 25 years--the market sent American  factories and jobs to other countries. This was the most efficient  decision to make because workers in other countries cost less, and so  it lowered labor costs and increased profits. It was the market's  decision. It was the efficient decision, but it destroyed the jobs of  Americans. It shattered families. It gutted once-vibrant communities.   Major American corporations headquartered here in the United States-- multinationals--have allowed China to steal trade secrets and cheat on  trade because, for them, gaining access to even a small sliver of the  growing Chinese market of over a billion people led to profits. This,  indeed, did create short-term profits and extravagant wealth for some,  but in the process it began transforming America from a country that  invents and makes things into one that increasingly just finances and  buys them.   It is, indeed, more efficient to make the active ingredients in many  of our medicines in China. It is cheaper to do it. So, today, we find  ourselves depending on China to produce the active ingredients in  everything from acetaminophen, which is generic for Tylenol, all the  way to blood thinners and everything in between.   It was cheaper to buy rare-earth minerals from China--it still is-- than to produce and mine our own. Today, we depend on them for almost  90 percent of these valuable metals that are needed not just for  advanced electronics but for our own major weapons systems. We made the  decision to allow Chinese companies free rein to own and to buy and to  make money in America, almost without restrictions, because we are  capitalists   They, on the other hand, restrict and ban our businesses from doing  work in China because they are nationalists. None of this is an  accident. China has a plan. It has a plan to overtake America as the  world's leading economic, technological, geopolitical, diplomatic, and  military power. I don't say this to you based on some supersecret  intelligence document or an educated guess. They put it on paper. They  have written this out for everyone to see in 2015. The Chinese  Communist Party laid out a plan with a title called ``Made in China  2025.''   It basically is a plan to invest in and overtake us in 10 of the  industries that will define the 21st century economy--biomedicine,  advanced technology, air and space, artificial intelligence, quantum  computing, telecommunications, 5G, rail systems, ship building. They  intend to lead the world in all of these areas, and they are executing  on a plan to carry that out, and we have been complacent and  distracted.   So while China channels every element of their national power, every  element that you can imagine--while they channel all of it--to dominate  these key industries and to do it at our expense, we assume that our  position in the world will continue on its own without having to do  anything to maintain it.   While China is pursuing economic and technological dominance, we find  ourselves here busy canceling people, demanding the use of the right  pronoun to describe people, or claiming that requiring a photo ID to  vote is the return of a Jim Crow era.   We have placed ourselves on the road of decline and humiliation,  headed toward a world in which a totalitarian regime--one guilty right  now, as we speak, of committing genocide against Uighur Muslims-- becomes the leading power on the planet and relegating our country,  America, into the status of a once great nation in decline.   We do not need to abandon capitalism and embrace socialism to take on  this challenge. I believe socialism would only accelerate the damage  our decisions are doing to our country. We need capitalism, but it must  be a capitalism geared toward promoting the national interest and the  common good, where the private market drives our economic decisions.  And in those instances where the market outcome is bad for our country,  in those instances in which the market's most efficient outcome is one  that is bad for our people, for our national security, for our national  interests, bad for America--in those instances--what we need is  targeted industrial policy to further the common good and to protect  our people, our country, and our future. We need an industrial policy  targeted not to every industry or to the one who hires the right  lobbyist. No, we need an industrial policy like Operation Warp Speed,  targeted to urgent national needs; policies like my Medical  Manufacturing, Economic Development, and Sustainability Act, which  would help bring back our ability to make medicines in this country  again, including in places like Puerto Rico that need the economic  growth and jobs; like the CHIPS Act we passed last year to make sure we  never have to depend on China or any other country, for that matter,  for semiconductors.   In 2019, well before the pandemic, I proposed modernizing the Small  Business Administration and aligning its programs to the national  interest, like my American Innovation and Manufacturing Act, which  would incentivize private investment in small American manufacturers  through the SBA.   And even as we make these sorts of targeted industrial policy  decisions, we need to make sure that we are protecting them from being  stolen from us. One of the changes we need to make in the China bill  that is now before the Senate is we need to have stronger protections  against the research that we are funding from being stolen.   First, more of this money should be invested through agencies like  DARPA, as an example, which has very good safeguards in place.   Second, we should prohibit any entity from receiving the funds called  for in this bill if they receive China-based financial or in-kind  support, or if they otherwise failed to disclose foreign funding in the  past 10 years.   Third, we should require certification that a potential recipient of  the funding has sufficient protections in place to guard against IP  theft and other threats from foreign governments before they were  giving them the money. It would be something if we appropriate all this  money for industrial policy, we invest it, and then we see it stolen.   Fourth, we should prohibit Federal employees and contractors from  participating in any foreign government talent recruitment program, and  we should require Federal contractors to disclose any commercial ties  they might have to the Communist Party in China.   And, fifth, we should establish a system of outbound investment  screening. Even if we are successful in preventing adversarial actors  from acquiring Federal research dollars or intellectual property  developed by it, there is nothing to stop nationless corporations from  simply buying the IP and using it to develop capacities to benefit  China and hurt our interests.   This is an important moment, I think, one that will define the  remainder of the century. When the book about the 21st century is  written, it will have a few chapters about a lot of different things.  But that book is going to be about the relationship between China and  the United States and what happened, and what happened is in very many  ways being decided right now.  [[Page S2560]]    We must ensure that our public policies are aligned to the urgent  challenges of our time. Our job here is to promote the common good and  to defend the national interest. By and large, that is a free  enterprise, capitalist economy that will produce the innovation, the  investments, and all of the things necessary to make that possible.   Yet, in those instances in which a national need is urgent, in which  the outcome that the market has delivered is harming our country and  its long-term future, we have an obligation to act on the common good.  We should not allow orthodoxy or policies that made a lot of sense in  the 1980s--a very different world from today--to stand in the way of  the sorts of targeted government-private partnerships needed: the kinds  of partnerships that gave us a vaccine that is bringing us back to  normal; the kind of partnership that will allow us to tackle the  challenges we face now so that the 21st century will ultimately be an  American century and so that our leadership in these key industries  that will define the century is neither endangered nor lost.   I yield the floor.   