 Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my strong  opposition to H.R. 1 and my great disappointment that the Majority  refused to allow my commonsense amendments to be offered to this bill.  This bill was written behind closed doors and though Members of  Congress offered over 180 amendments to improve this bill only 56 were  allowed to be offered on the House floor. That is a travesty for  Congress and the American people who want and deserve honest and  transparent elections.   While serving in the Florida Senate I was tasked with reforming  Florida's election laws following the 2000 election and chaos that  ensued. Having tackled election reform in the aftermath of an uncertain  election, I know firsthand how important it is to restore confidence  and eliminate existing grey areas that may lead to fraud or raise  questions about fairness.   Events surrounding the 2020 election raised questions from my  constituents about the operation and certification of voting machines  used throughout our state and the nation. Chief among those concerns  was whether our voting machines are connected to the internet and  vulnerable to manipulation through hacking. To answer these and other  questions I contacted the U.S. Election Assistance Commission which  certifies voting hardware and software for use in our elections.   In her letter to me, the Inspector General of the U.S. Election  Assistance Commission addressed this topic stating that the ``EAC  believes Michigan may use modem transmission features in at least some  of its Dominion voting systems.'' This is in direct conflict with  assertions by the maker of the Dominion Voting System who stated, ``. .  . Voting systems are by design meant to be used as closed systems that  are not networked meaning they are not connected to the Internet.''   To end the confusion on this issue and restore confidence in our  system, I filed an amendment that would prohibit voting systems from  being connected to the Internet; specifically, stating that no system  or device upon which ballots are programmed or votes are cast or  tabulated shall be connected to the Internet at any time. That would  ensure the integrity of voting machines. Unfortunately, that amendment  was not allowed to be debated and voted on.   My second amendment would ensure that election machines are fully  auditable--no longer would election officials and election equipment  providers deny full audits of elections due to proprietary software or  hardware. The American people have a right to a full audit of any  election to ensure the full integrity of elections. There is no good  reason to oppose this amendment but, again, it was not allowed to be  debated and voted on.   And, my third amendment would have prohibited the use of voting  systems produced by a foreign entity. It would also require all  components of the voting systems be manufactured and maintained in the  United States. Why should the votes of the American people be subject  to counting using foreign equipment that cannot be audited and that may  be connected to the Internet? My amendments would ban all three of  these things.   By denying elected Members of Congress a vote on these amendments,  Speaker Pelosi decided against providing full transparency and  accountability in our federal elections. This partisan bill should be  rejected.   