 Madam Speaker, discrimination is wrong. We all know  that. As children, we learn the golden rule: Treat others the way you  yourself want to be treated.   But, right now, discrimination is a fact of life for millions of  LGBTQ Americans.   The fact is that, in most States, an LGBTQ person is at risk of being  denied housing, education, or the right to serve on a jury because of  who they are. That is why we are here today to consider H.R. 5, the  Equality Act.   The Equality Act does no more and no less than say LGBTQ people  deserve the same rights and responsibilities as all other Americans,  most fundamentally the right to live lives free of discrimination. It  builds on the Civil Rights Act and other existing laws to extend anti- discrimination protections to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender  Americans.   President Biden has said that getting this bill signed into law is  one of his top priorities for his first 100 days in office.   I want to thank him and a few other people for making this bill a  priority: Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader Hoyer, Whip Clyburn, and the  co-chairs of the LGBTQ Equality Caucus: Mark Takano, Mark Pocan, Sean  Patrick Maloney, Angie Craig, Sharice Davids, Chris Pappas, Mondaire  Jones, and Ritchie Torres.   I thank them all for being true champions for our community.   Madam Speaker, every American deserves to be treated with respect and  dignity. That is what the Equality Act will achieve for the LGBTQ  community by providing protection against discrimination in employment,  education, housing, credit, jury service, public accommodations, and  Federal funding.   I am proud to say this bill has broad support from across the  political spectrum, including groups from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce  to the ACLU and everyone in between.   Madam Speaker, 83 percent of Americans support this bill, including  68 percent--more than two out of three--Republican voters.   To my friends on the other side of the aisle: As you consider this  bill, I hope you will bear in mind how your vote will be remembered  years from now.   Will you be remembered in the same breath as all those who fought for  equal rights in the past: Freedom Riders, suffragettes, the anti- apartheid activists? Or will you be remembered along with those who  stood in the way of progress?   This bill is personal for me and personal for millions of LGBTQ  people and our loved ones. Madam Speaker, you all have family members,  friends, and coworkers who identify as LGBTQ.   I want you to ask yourself: What does this vote mean for them and how  you will look them in the eye if you vote to uphold the current system  that allows them to be discriminated against?   The LGBTQ community has waited long enough. The time has come to  extend the blessings of liberty and equality to all Americans,  regardless of who they are or whom they love.   Vote ``yes'' and pass the Equality Act today.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.   