 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, as my good friend from Georgia explained, if we defeat  the previous question, we will immediately move to bring up H.R. 5586.  This bill is critically important to ensure there will be no expansion  of Internal Revenue Service requirements for financial institutions to  report the ins and outs of bank accounts.   Members may remember this issue during the debate on ObamaCare when  the Democrats tried to require anyone who received a payment of more  than $600 to be given a 1099. People were rightly outraged by this  provision, and it was repealed before it ever went into effect. Now,  with their new reconciliation bill, the Democratic majority is again  looking for payfors and are willing to sacrifice the privacy of all  Americans in that quest. Every threshold being discussed for inclusion  will give the IRS full access to what is in the bank account of every  American.   And what is the justification for that, Mr. Speaker?   It is to help the IRS to identify tax cheats. Well, I can tell you,  Mr. Speaker, the Democratic proposal will make  [[Page H5743]]  everyone who pays rent or a mortgage a target and won't do anything to  help the IRS close the tax gap.   Mr. Speaker, the Democratic plan is an astonishing breach of privacy.  Giving the IRS the power to snoop around financial accounts, even with  no accusation of wrongdoing, violates every protection against  government overreach. Americans have a reasonable expectation of  privacy in their homes and in their personal lives, including their  financial lives. Yet, if the majority has their way, the IRS will be  empowered to go digging around in the bank accounts of everyday  Americans in search of wrongdoing. That is simply beyond the pale.   We have seen what can happen when the IRS abuses its power. It was  only a few short years ago that the IRS was targeting political and  religious organizations for their beliefs, an astonishing violation of  their First Amendment rights.   What the IRS needs, Mr. Speaker, is oversight and accountability, and  that is why we need to bring up and pass H.R. 5586 today. Only this  will ensure that the IRS is not granted unprecedented power to  intervene in the lives of and invade the privacy of ordinary Americans.   