 Mr. President, I have significant concerns with this  legislation. I have made no ambiguity about that. I have been very  clear from the outset that this bill concerns me, in part because it  involves an attempt by the United States of America to compete with  China but on terms that don't favor us, on a playing field that isn't  [[Page S3924]]  ours, and in areas that play to our weaknesses, not our strengths. We  ought to be playing to our strengths and not our weaknesses.  Unfortunately, this bill does not get it right.   But separate and apart from my concerns regarding the merits of this  legislation, which we will get back to in a moment, I want to talk for  a moment about the procedural concerns that I have had. There have been  a number of people in the Senate arguing over the last few hours--some  in the Senate Chamber, some in the media--that we have had a very  thorough floor process; that this has been regular order at its best.   I appreciate the fact that we have had 2 weeks of floor consideration  time; 2 weeks, that is, on Senate time, which is just not 2 actual  weeks. It is not 2 calendar weeks, not even 2 business weeks. It is a  shorter subset of that. But never mind, it is a good thing that we at  least had 2 weeks set aside to do this on the Senate floor. So that is  a good thing.   It is not sufficient, however, to suggest that because we have had  hundreds of amendments filed and because we have had a number of votes  on amendments and because a few weeks have elapsed since this bill came  out of committee, that that somehow means it is regular order and  regular order of a sort that we ought to try to replicate.   You have to remember that regular order needs to be evaluated. It  needs to be measured against several things. In other words, a simple  resolution designating National Sofa Care Month probably need not  receive a lot of floor time or a lot of opportunities for amendments,  but the more substantive and the more costly, economically or  otherwise, a particular bill might be, the more demanding regular order  ought to be.   Regular order is not satisfied, particularly in a bill like this one  that is likely to cost $200 billion or more and that is 2,000-plus  pages long and that deals with some very significant geopolitical and  economic issues--it is not something that you can really call regular  order, when you are addressing a bill like that, when you are  constantly making changes to it.   We talked last night about the fact that this legislation started out  in committee a few weeks ago. It started out in committee where, I  believe, it was somewhere in the range of 150 to 200 pages. It came out  of committee, and it was longer than that; it was a few hundred pages.  Then, over time, it has gotten bigger. It grew to 14- or 1,500 pages.  By yesterday afternoon, it had grown an additional 900 pages, and then  by 10:59 p.m. last night, it grew by a few hundred more pages. It is  not just the addition of an additional page of text that triggers more  concern. One has to understand how the entire piece of legislation  interacts, how nefarious provisions, including the late-breaking  amendments that we received for the first time at 10:59 p.m. last  night--how those affect everything else.    Just as importantly, one has to, ought to, certainly have the ability  to communicate to one's constituents what is in the legislation,  seeking input from them so that any votes can be informed by having the  voters informed and having them aware of what is in the legislation.  One cannot make very significantly drastic changes to legislation in  the middle of the night and then claim that it is regular order and  that regular order demands an immediate vote on that measure.   What I and a number of my colleagues have been focused on, as we  debated this through the night and starting early this morning when we  reconvened, has been simple. We just want more time before being asked  to vote on this measure.   It is not an unreasonable request, given that you are dealing with  legislation that is over 2,000 pages long and that is likely to cost  somewhere in the neighborhood of a quarter of a trillion dollars. That  is a lot of money, and the way in which we spend it will undoubtedly  have profound implications not just for years but for decades to come.   We need to, we ought to, we really must endeavor to understand what  exactly this is going to do. In order to do that, we have to have text,  and that does, in fact, matter. It is not something you can easily  dismiss as an argument that says this has been regular order because it  has been on the Senate floor for 2 weeks. When it changes as much as  this one has, it expands as much as this one has, when it is as long as  this one is and involves this amount of money and this many very  significant far-reaching ramifications, it is not unreasonable for us  to want more time to vote on it, to consider it, to seek public input,  and to allow the American people to know what is in it before we cast  our votes. It is a simple common courtesy that we ought to have  extended to ourselves automatically, rather than trying to rush to a  final vote in the dark of night.   On the merits of the legislation itself, it is important to remember  that we got here because we are at something of a crossroads with  China. We have all kinds of potential threats--some of them economic in  nature, some perhaps cultural, some perhaps military, and some maybe  involve cyber security.   But we have an awkward relationship with China, and it is one that we  have to be focused on. That is why it is not a bad thing, in and of  itself, that we consider legislation to try to deal with that. That  doesn't mean that every piece of legislation designed to deal with the  problem is, itself, something that must be passed.   You see, if we are going to try to pass something telling the  American people that what we are passing will lead to a better outcome  with China and our ability to compete with China--if we are going to  make that argument, then we have to be able to back that up. In order  to be able to back that up, we have to put ourselves in a position  where we can be our best selves, where we know we are poised for  success. We have to consider exactly what kind of strategy we are  deploying, what kind of competitor we want to be.   The legislation before us--the legislation that has been renamed but  started out and to this moment includes the Endless Frontier Act--is  something that aims to counter China, primarily by boosting technology  research and development. I think it is fair to say that is its primary  aim.   This is something that nobody dislikes. Nobody dislikes research and  development. To my knowledge, these are good things and, undoubtedly,  our ability to compete with China will depend on the nature and extent  of our investments in research and development.   But that does beg the question, What is the best kind of research and  development? Is it best when it follows from, and is directed by, it  could be modified along the way as a result of self-interest, rightly  understood--enlightened self-interest--free markets, the decisions of  individuals who have something at stake or is it best when government  acts, when government directs it, when it is done by Federal  bureaucrats instead of innovators, technology experts, and people who  have something that belongs to them--an idea, an ability to make  something--people who actually know how to see their ideas all the way  through to the end and are willing to make the necessary sacrifices  along the way to see to its success?   You see, when you start to confuse government research and  development with actual research and development--that is private  nongovernmental research and development--you run into some problems.   Some of this, I think, perhaps stems from a misapprehension, a  misunderstanding of the nature of government itself and the  capabilities of government in any system to do things   We have to remember that government, ultimately, is best understood  as the official use of coercive force. That is what government is. It  is force--force with the perimeter of official authority, force and  taxation backed up by force. That is what government is.   I don't mean to say that in a dismissive way. We need government.  Government can't operate without force. It can't collect taxes without  force. It can't enforce laws without force. We need government for that  reason--to make sure, first and foremost, that we don't hurt each  other, that we aren't harmed by outside aggressors who would harm us,  and that we don't take that which doesn't belong to us. We need  governments to do that. Only governments can do that. That is why we  have governments.   Political philosophers going back centuries, including many of those  who influenced the founding of the United  [[Page S3925]]  States of America, who influenced the documents, including the  Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States,  those who influenced the waging of America's Revolutionary War  understood that, at a fundamental level, the purpose of government is  to protect life and liberty and property.   You see, if we left individuals to do that on their own, they might  be able to do that, but human flourishing really wouldn't occur in that  circumstance. If everyone had to be the law for him or herself, human  nourishing wouldn't occur. When government exists, it frees people. It  frees them, not just because freedom sounds great in the abstract or  because it is fun to yell at a rally or it looks good on a bumper  sticker, but we like freedom because of the things that free people do  when they are allowed to be free, when they are able to come together  and form what I refer to as the ``twin pillars'' of American  exceptionalism. In fact, I would go so far as to call them the twin  pillars of any thriving human civilization. Those twin pillars are free  markets and voluntary institutions of civil society.   When you have robust free markets and voluntary institutions of civil  society, human beings do better. They can't, of course, function in a  state of anarchy nor can they function in the absence of a government  because that always involves anarchy necessarily.   But when there is government and that government properly understands  its role of protecting life, liberty, and property, it is freeing and  liberating, and human beings in that setting can do amazing things. It  is what has led to the development of the greatest civilization of the  strongest economy the world has ever known. It is what has led more  people out of poverty than any government program ever can, ever could,  ever has, or ever will.   When we lose sight of what government is, when we start to forget  that government is just force and taxation backed up by the use of  force, it can easily be manipulated for nefarious ends. It is not that  government is bad. Government isn't inherently good or evil. Government  consists of that principle of force backed up with the legitimacy of  the imprimatur of the State or, in our case, a union of States.   It is that force that is necessary. That same force that is necessary  can become destructive of the very ends that it was created in order to  uphold and protect and defend, so we can't lose sight of it. We can't  lose sight of the fact that government is neither inherently good nor  inherently evil. Government doesn't have eyes to see you. It doesn't  have arms to embrace you. It doesn't have a heart with which to love  you. It is neither omnipotent nor omniscient, not all-knowing, not all- powerful. It just is force and taxation backed up by force.   So the further afield you take government authority and you take it  away from the protection of life, liberty, and property, quite  ironically and very tragically, it can become destructive of the very  ends that it was created to serve.   One of the ways in which we see this manifest from time to time is  when people will harness the immense power of government and the  immense financial resources that can be accumulated by a government  through the power of taxation backed up by force for their own  political ends--even worse, for their own economic ends. When you see  people's political ends marrying up with the financial interests of  those who want to capitalize off of government itself, bad things can  happen.   Ultimately, the American people become poorer as a result of  government action; that is, every dollar that we spend is a dollar that  won't otherwise be spent--could otherwise be spent in the free market  doing good, resulting in everything from charitable contributions to  job creation, and many, many other things that support our ability to  be free and prosperous as a nation.   China, importantly, doesn't quite see it this way. They didn't get  the memo. They are not steeped in Hobbes, Locke, Montesquieu. They are  not steeped in the stories that we know about our American Revolution.   They weren't raised understanding that their country became a country  as a result of their conscious choice to depart from a mother country  after that mother country had proven itself to be menacing, had proven  itself to be a government that was taxing them too much, regulating  them too aggressively, sending them off to war, then making them pay  for those wars, all without allowing them fair representation within  that system of government. They weren't steeped in that.   They were steeped in different traditions, and they have chosen a  very different set of paths. They have, essentially, a command-and- control economy. That is what a country that is run by a Communist  Party does; it commands and it controls. It is a very different  mindset.   It is a mindset that focuses not on free markets and civil society.  In that kind of system, in a system run by a Communist Party, with a  command-and-control economy, the state is everything. The government is  imbued culturally with almost a sense of reverence, entitled to  deference. People assume--or they are at least asked to assume, and  many are forced to play along with the assumption--that it has a degree  of omniscience, omnipotence, and always the best interests of the  people; the ability to foresee and prepare for the future and use the  immense force of government to bring about their aims. In every single  respect, the Chinese regime grows and centralizes the power of  government always at the expense of free markets and free citizens.  This is an experiment that has expanded into dangerous and even deadly  territory.   Let's just consider, for a moment, China's record on human rights.  China has gone so far as to enslave and subject the Tibetan and Uighur  people into forced labor, reeducation, and torture.   Under China's infamous one-child policy, it has brutally and  barbarically forced families to undergo IUD implantation,  sterilization, and abortion.   China, of course, has a long, dark history of religious persecution  and of silencing dissidents of every stripe. Under President Xi  Jinping, Chinese authorities have detained millions of Muslims and  arrested thousands of Christians. They have seized control of Tibetan  monasteries and closed or demolished dozens of Buddhist and Taoist  temples.   You see, the destruction of sacred places not built by the  government, not designed by the government seems to be a hallmark  characteristic of Communist systems because sacred places must be for  the betterment of the government, and if they are not, Communist  regimes don't like them and often do everything they can to destroy  them and the communities that formed them. They have even practiced  forced organ harvesting of members of the Falun Gong religion.   Or consider China's actions in the realm of foreign policy. In true  imperialist form, it is pushing its Belt and Road Initiative--a  massive, predatory infrastructure project, stretching from East Asia to  Europe, designed to massively expand its coercive economic and  political influence.   It has spread Confucius Institutes across American campuses,  entangling American universities with Chinese state policies, and  turning them into megaphones for Chinese propaganda.   In multilateral organizations, China continuously undermines  longstanding democratic norms, instituting policies that, instead,  benefit the Chinese Communist Party's authoritarian values. It has also  held a tight cronyist, command-and-control grip over its economy,  heavily subsidizing industries with money that it has taken through its  power of taxation, backed up by its use of force, ultimately picking  winners and losers, which tend to be more reflective of those close to  leadership within the Chinese Communist Party than those who build a  better product or work better to serve their fellow beings.   While China has picked up some steam through these actions, we must  not--we can't ever--ignore that whatever momentum it may have acquired  is of dubious success and doubtful sustainability over the long run.  China, under the control of the Chinese Communist Party, has, in  reality, one of the least efficient economies in the world. In terms of  GDP per capita, it is not at the top of the heap. In fact, one could  say that it is very close to the bottom of the heap, next to Cuba and  Kazakhstan.   It turns out that political corruption and state-owned enterprises  come with  [[Page S3926]]  some financial dead weight too. Now, the financial costs alone of  enslaving, sterilizing, and brainwashing 12.8 million Uighurs and other  oppressed groups is steep, even as the human cost of this indefensible  moral depravity is far worse and infinitely steeper.   Of course, killing future generations' potential through abortion is  also as foolish as it is inhumane. As a result of its decades-long  abortion and one-child or two-child policy, China is on track to lose a  third of its workforce--a third--and age out faster than any society in  modern history. The ratio of workers to retirees in China, which is  currently 8 to 1, is projected to whittle down to just 2 to 1 in the  coming decades, with only two employees for every retiree. China's  pension system, which is already showing very significant signs of  buckling, will inevitably crack under pressure.   Now, it is true that China is aggressive, and it is true that China  is really big, but it is not ironclad in its position of global  strength. As its population ages more and more and as more of its land  falls into wasted, polluted squalor, it will have neither the  inhabitants nor the resources to continue on its current course.   There is nothing about China's principles or China's trajectory that  we should seek to emulate--no, not in the slightest. In nearly every  single way, the Chinese regime consolidates power to trample over the  rights of men and women and quash free expression, the free exercise of  religion, and free enterprise.    All of us in America who know of our own struggles know of the bad  things that can happen when human beings and governments combine to  take undo advantage of difficult circumstances of minorities, whether  racial, ethnic, in language, religious, or otherwise. Bad things  happen. China has not only allowed bad things to happen; it has made  them happen. It has directed that they happen. It has been the reason  that they happen.   Nothing could be more antithetical to the American system of  government or to the American way of life or to our values. In fact, it  is just the opposite formula that has made us the greatest civilization  the world has ever known, with the strongest economy, with the greatest  opportunities, with immense, upward economic mobility. This is uniquely  a land in which someone can be born into poverty and, in most  circumstances, carry the reasonable hope and expectation that, if one  works hard, one day, one can retire comfortably.   The Founders gave us a Constitution precisely to disperse and limit  the power of the Federal Government and to keep the power in government  as close and accountable to the people as possible. We focus on this,  and we focus on principles of freedom and of liberty, not just because  they sound nice. We do these things because it is how human beings  thrive. We do these things because it is the best way to protect life  and liberty and property. We do these things because it is the only way  to allow for upward economic mobility and the thriving of the human  condition.   We should continue to double down on those things. We should continue  to make sure that our markets are free and that our institutions of  civil society are voluntary and robust. We do that not by expanding  government but by allowing human beings to do what they do best and by  allowing them to be free.   I yield the floor.   