 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, reluctantly, I am going to support yet another short- term extension of the highway program. Unfortunately, this simply  continues to put our State departments of transportation and  transportation stakeholders in a very tough position, and they really  deserve more than this.   Let me be clear: The Speaker's partisan process is what has led us to  this point, and this predicament highlights more than ever the need for  us to be working across the aisle--and across the building, for that  matter.   Nearly a month ago, we were here in virtually the same position,  having the same conversations about the need for a highway extension  because the Speaker is holding the infrastructure bill hostage for her  real priority. And we all know what that is. It is a massive,  multitrillion-dollar tax-and-spend wish list.   This should not be how it is, tying the hands of an entire Congress  to pass a socialist agenda that folks in America just simply don't  support. Infrastructure has never been this way. Bipartisanship has  always been the formula for success on infrastructure, and that hasn't  changed. It hasn't changed any at all.   While this process may have started out as a bipartisan piece of  legislation in the Senate, the Speaker made darn sure that as soon as  the bill was sent across the Capitol, it immediately was tainted with  her ultraliberal, partisan agenda.   In my 20 years in Congress, I have supported all three highway bills  that have been signed into law. All of them were bipartisan, all of  them under Republican chairmen, all of them signed into law by both  Democrat and Republican Presidents.   House Republicans have stood ready and committed to participate in a  truly bipartisan process that involves input from both the House and  the Senate, not just one Chamber, and both parties. We were ready to  come to the negotiation table.   Earlier this year, House Republicans warned that a partisan path  would put us in a position like this, and here we are.   The chairman is absolutely right. Passing this extension is the right  thing to do. The last thing we need, though, is a series of short-term  extensions. A longer extension is a much-preferred path because it  allows our States to plan with certainty.   Multiple short-term extensions are extremely detrimental to the  States. They are detrimental to the stakeholders and the jobs that  support these critical projects and programs.   Extensions mean leaving the States with uncertainty to fix, to  maintain, to upgrade roads and bridges. And you can't plan multiyear  infrastructure and highway projects with the guarantee of only a few  weeks of funding at any one time.    So it is time to get back to what works, and that is bipartisanship  on both sides of this building. That is the key to success when it  comes to infrastructure.   I urge my colleagues to support this short-term extension and support  our  [[Page H5964]]  States' transportation programs. However, next time around, we really  need to consider a longer term extension. It is what is best for the  States.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Again, it is unfortunate that we are here today as Democrats continue  negotiating their partisan reconciliation proposal while an  infrastructure bill sits. It sits idly and serves nothing more than  those partisan programs.   This is nothing more than a Trojan horse, Madam Speaker, and it is  being used for its popularity to get votes for the progressive wish  list. I believe our State DOTs and our State transportation  stakeholders, every one of them deserve better.   I hardly think that this short-term extension gives certainty to  those folks, and I recognize that what is even worse is the fact that  there is no certainty whatsoever.   Given that, reluctantly, I do urge support of this short-term  extension with the expectation that a longer term extension will be  needed the next time that we are here doing this once again.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   