 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this pandemic has made it clearer than  ever: It is not corporations that drive our economy; it is American  workers.   With Marty Walsh, for whom we will vote in a moment on confirmation  for the Department of Labor, workers will finally have someone on their  side, as the Department that is supposed to look out for them. The  Department of Labor is supposed to be the voice for workers in our  government. It is their job to make sure workers' rights are protected,  that people are safe on the job, that everyone can organize a union and  get the overtime pay they have earned.   For 4 years, we have had a Department of Labor full of corporate  lawyers. In fact, the Secretary of Labor was a corporate lawyer who  made millions of dollars in court attacking labor unions and getting  very well paid for it. That Department was full of people who made  their careers fighting for corporate boards and CEOs, trying to squeeze  every last penny out of workers and skirting labor laws.   And we saw the results. The DOL stopped fighting to raise the  overtime pay threshold. In my State, tens of thousands of workers and,  nationally, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of workers failed to get  a raise as a result.   A year into the pandemic, the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration, OSHA, still has not issued an emergency temporary  standard to protect workers from coronavirus. When 1,300 workers last  year got sick at a Smithfield meatpacking plant, they fined the company  a pathetic $10 per worker.   With Marty Walsh, that corporate infiltration of the Department of  Labor ends now. Mayor Walsh will put the focus back where it should be:  fighting for the people who make this country work.   We know that for far too many Americans, hard work doesn't pay off.  They have seen corporate profits go up. They have seen executive  compensation skyrocket. They have become  [[Page S1666]]  more productive in the workplace, and yet their wages are flat.   Hard work has never paid off for many Americans like it should. That  is why voters sent a clear message in last year's election: They are  tired of corporations running our economy.   Corporations have had their chance. They failed. If corporations  won't deliver for their workers and create an economy where everyone's  hard work pays off, with a middle class that is growing instead of  shrinking, then we have to step in and fight for workers.   That is what Marty Walsh will do as the Secretary of Labor. He can  work with OSHA to finally issue the emergency temporary standard,  forcing corporations to take critical steps to protect their workers on  the job. He can crack down on corporations that use subcontracting and  independent contractors and other tricks to pay workers less and to  deny them benefits.   He can get to work on a new overtime rule so that hundreds of  thousands more workers will finally get the overtime pay that they have  earned. He can defend workers' rights to organize to give them power in  their workplace and crack down on corporate union busting.   And, as we know, Marty Walsh has the deep experience in the labor  movement to get this done. Too many people in this town don't  understand what it is like not to have a voice on the job, to have no  power over your schedule, to work hard at a job that doesn't even pay  the bills. They don't understand collective bargaining and the power  that a union card gives you over your career and your finances and your  future.   Marty Walsh does understand that. At the age of 21, he joined the  Laborers' Union Local 223 in Massachusetts. He knows what a union means  to workers. He knows what workers are up against when they organize.   Like President Biden, he is not afraid to talk about the labor  movement, and he doesn't recoil from using the word ``union.'' He is  not afraid to take on corporations that exploit their workers.   We already see that change in action. President Biden and Vice  President Harris have joined Senator Booker and me and so many of us in  standing in solidarity with Amazon workers organizing in Alabama.   Ultimately, it comes back to the dignity of work, the idea that hard  work should pay off for everyone, no matter who you are, where you  live, or what kind of work you do. Mayor Walsh understands that when  work has dignity, people have power over their lives and their  schedules--and they are paid a living wage. When work has dignity,  everyone can afford healthcare and housing and childcare. They can save  for retirement. They can take time off to care for their loved ones.   Mayor Walsh has lived those values. He successfully helped push his  State to raise the minimum wage to $15. He cracked down on wage theft.  He fought for paid family leave.   He knows how important it is for the people in the room making  decisions to actually reflect the diverse workers who make our country  successful. It is the job of the labor movement. It is the job of DOL  to fight for all workers.   As we work to build back better with a big investment in American  infrastructure, Mayor Walsh understands all of the opportunities for  workers that come with that. He comes from the building trades. He  understands that we can put hundreds of thousands of tradespeople to  work building houses and schools and public transit, retrofitting homes  and offices and schools. We have a tremendous opportunity to rebuild  our economy with workers--not corporations but with workers--at the  center.   If you love this country, you fight for the people who make it work.  As Secretary of Labor, that is what Marty Walsh will do. I urge my  colleagues to support him.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   