 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this week, May 9 to May 15, is National Police Week. I  stand today to join with my colleagues in carrying forth a tradition  that started 59 years ago.   In 1962, President Kennedy proclaimed, and Congress ratified, May 15  as National Peace Officers Memorial Day, and the week in which that  date falls is National Police Week.   During this time, we pause to recognize those law enforcement  officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty for the safety  and protection of others.   Those of us here in Congress know well the bravery and dedication of  law enforcement officers, for we saw it firsthand on January 6 when  they protected this citadel of democracy and the public servants who  were discharging their duty.   Some of those brave souls paid with their lives, such as Officer  Brian Sicknick. We also lost Officer Howard Liebengood and Officer  Jeffrey Smith, who died by suicide in the immediate aftermath of that  tragic day. Many more police officers who were on duty that day are  still hurting.   Of course, all across our Nation, and in Ohio particularly, our  police officers and their families have sacrificed themselves for their  communities. I have done ride-alongs with these officers and watched  them deal with the overdose issues and the opiate epidemic in Ohio.   We watch them risk their lives. We pray for their families who worry  every time they put on their boots and go to work.   In short, Mr. Speaker, they show up. The National Law Enforcement  Officers Memorial Fund compiles the names of those officers who have  lost their lives in the line of duty in this past year and all those  who have died in previous years but whose stories of sacrifice have  been lost to history until now. This year, nearly 400 new names were  added to this list. I stand today to honor all those lives that were  lost, including the following five officers from Ohio.   We honor James Michael Skernivitz from Cleveland, Adam McMillan from  Hamilton County, Kaia Lafay Grant from Springdale, Anthony Hussein Dia  from Toledo, and, finally, Rex Faux from Summit County, who died in  1933 but whose name had not previously been added to this list of  fallen officers.   We also honor all the men and women in law enforcement who show up  for all of us every day.   