 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work and  commitment to this country's security.   Madam Speaker, this bill continues the long, proud tradition of  bipartisan work for the Tactical Air and Land Subcommittee; our  commitment to securing our Nation and willingness to work through and  share responsibility for the tough choices resulting in this bill, a  bill that keeps America's land and air forces the best in the world.   I particularly want to thank our ranking member, Mrs. Hartzler, for  her input, her steadfast support in building this strong, bipartisan  bill. Certainly, though we may disagree at times, we put the safety and  security of our Nation and servicemen first and work together to pass  this vital piece of legislation.   I also want to thank our vice chair, Representative Sherrill of New  Jersey, for her help.   Madam Speaker, this bill equips and modernizes our Armed Forces by  carefully and thoughtfully managing resources. At the same time, this  bill continues the necessary oversight to ensure responsibility of the  execution by the DOD. This bill enacts: Vigorous oversight of our most  complex and expensive program, the F-35, certainly an ambitious  modernization strategy by the Army and a host of others; and of  particular importance to me and Mrs. Hartzler, strong support for risk  reduction in our defense industrial base.   To this point, this bill also includes my Buy American provision,  which brings back jobs to the U.S. and can ensure that we get what we  need when we need it, securing our fragile supply chain.   I do want to take a moment in closing to thank the subcommittee  staff, those who serve on this committee, certainly, led by Bill Sutey,  Heath Bope, Carla Zeppieri, Liz Griffin, and Kelly Repair, and the last  day of our clerk, Caroline, who has done a wonderful job; and to my  personal staff, Katie Lee, Chris Macleish, and Mark Moses.   This is a bill that America can support and, certainly, we are  encouraging all our Members to support this NDAA for fiscal year `22.   