 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, back in September, a small little Texas  border town, Del Rio, TX, was thrown into the national spotlight. This  is a small town on the U.S.-Mexico border of 35,000 people, and over  the course of several days they had 15 to 20,000 Haitian migrants show  up, camping out underneath a bridge.   Migrants huddled under the bridge to escape triple-digit  temperatures. It is still hot in September in Texas. And they had  minimal access to sanitation, food, and clean water. The images of this  crisis looked like they were taken from a Third World country, not from  the United States of America.   This massive surge should not have caught the Biden administration  off guard. As a matter of fact, they should know that their policies  have incentivized and encouraged this sort of influx of humanity across  our border.   Border Patrol had been asking their leadership for more resources as  far back as June, but come September, those resources weren't  available; and despite the warnings, the Biden administration was  completely unprepared.   So what is the Border Patrol supposed to do when you see this mass  influx of humanity come across the border for which the administration  is completely unprepared in a town that lacks the infrastructure to  deal with this influx?   Well, the Border Patrol did what they needed to do. They were pulled  off the front lines to provide humanitarian relief. But what that means  is it leaves huge stretches of the border unprotected against illegal  immigration or, perhaps even more dangerous, illegal drug smuggling  coming across the border.   And the criminal organizations that operate these smuggling  operations, whether they are migrants or they are drugs, they  understand this. This is part of their game plan. But it is like they  are playing three-dimensional chess while the U.S. Government is  playing checkers. It is just not a fair fight or a fair matchup. But so  far it has not, apparently, sunk into the Biden administration.   Fortunately, we did have some organizations, like the Val Verde  Border Humanitarian Coalition, step up to feed, house, and arrange  transportation for these migrants. You could imagine what the challenge  was just to feed 15 to 20,000 people. There wasn't a Porta-Potty to be  had for 300 miles after they consolidated there to deal with the  sanitation issues alone.  [[Page S8838]]    If not for the dedicated Border Patrol agents, U.S. Customs and  Border Protection, and the incredible community organizations in Del  Rio, this crisis could have been much, much worse. As a matter of fact,  the sector chief of the Del Rio Sector told me that the fact that they  did not have a loss of life was a miracle.   I want to publicly express my gratitude to those who, in countless  ways, went above and beyond the call of duty to mitigate this crisis  the best they did. They don't receive the gratitude they deserve, but  they need more than our gratitude. They need our help. After the  makeshift camp under the bridge was cleared, the national news died  down. The reporters and cameras went away, but the problem did not. It  is not a question of ``if'' there will be a repetition of what we saw  in Del Rio in September; it is a question of ``when'' because none of  the reasons those 15,000 to 20,000 Haitian migrants have shown up has  been fixed.   Last week, I visited Del Rio, and I met with leaders in the community  who told me about the challenges they are facing. The new chief of the  Border Patrol sector, whom I mentioned a moment ago, told me that,  while there were 15,000 to 20,000 migrants in that one episode in  September, they are still averaging about 1,000 migrant encounters a  day. So, in about 2 weeks' time, they had the equivalent of what we saw  last September in terms of the 15,000 to 20,000 migrants because they  are still getting 1,000 people a day. Yet it doesn't command the  attention of the news media and of the Nation like this incident in  September did.   So things are not getting any better. Agents are still being diverted  from their normal duties to care for migrants, including unaccompanied  children, which leaves, again, vast swaths of the border unprotected  through which drugs are run--drugs that last year alone took the lives  of more than 100,000 American citizens, because the vast majority of  fentanyl, methamphetamine, heroin, cocaine, and other illegal drugs  come across our southwestern border.   The cartels understand, if you flood the zone and overwhelm the  capacity of the local Border Patrol to deal with it, you are going to  leave unprotected areas, and that is exactly the plan of these  transnational criminal organizations.   I spoke with a group of about 30 Border Patrol agents at muster. That  is when they show up for their shift, from one shift to the next, where  they learn, sort of, what is the latest information they need to know  before they go out on patrol. When they were asked to raise their hands  if they would be working out in the field that day, patrolling the  border, not a single hand was raised. That is because these 30 Border  Patrol agents were going to be pushing paper and processing migrants  instead of being out on the frontlines, protecting our country against  illegal immigration and the influx of illegal drugs.   Again, the cartels understand this. This is part of their game plan,  but, apparently, the Biden administration and the powers that be here  in Washington, DC, are completely oblivious to what the push and pull  factors are for illegal immigration and illegal drugs across our  border.   These men and women of the Border Patrol are brave professionals, and  they would normally be out on the frontlines, stopping dangerous people  and substances from sneaking across the border, but now they are  primarily tackling administrative duties--processing paperwork,  watching children, transporting migrants--and trying to clean up the  mess created by a failed border security policy by the Biden  administration. This is a dangerous situation that puts our entire  country at risk.   While these highly trained and dedicated agents are pushing paper,  who knows what is coming across the border?   There is a clear and urgent need for Congress to take action to  address this crisis in a meaningful and responsible way. Everybody,  from Secretary Mayorkas on down, says that this is what is required  under current policies. So my humble suggestion is those policies need  to change, and that means only Congress can pass new laws to change  those policies.   So far, our Democratic colleagues, especially the leadership, have  shown zero interest in engaging at all on how to solve this problem.  They have spent the bulk of this year trying to figure out how you  could break the rules of the Senate to reform our entire immigration  system by using the budget. This process wasn't designed to fast-track  partisan legislation or to circumvent responsible policymaking. It is  not a loophole that allows the majority party to do whatever it wants.   The Senate Parliamentarian has already confirmed several times that  our Democratic colleagues cannot use this budget reconciliation process  to grant citizenship to millions of undocumented immigrants, but they  keep coming back, and, for some reason, the very people who would  benefit from these policies don't seem to hold our Democratic  colleagues accountable for showing up empty-handed, notwithstanding  their promises of help to people who are here in an undocumented  status.   Our Democratic colleagues continue arguing among themselves about how  much of the population should receive some form of legal status without  their putting one ounce of thought or ounce of effort into how the  population got so big in the first place. They are certainly not  considering what we need to do to prevent the number of people living  in the shadows from continuing to increase.   I have said repeatedly that there is a clear and urgent crisis on our  southern border, and President Biden and his administration have proven  to be either unwilling or incapable of addressing it. The numbers tell  the tale. Last year, border crossings hit a record high--more than 1.7  million border crossings in a single year. That is a 30-year high. The  backlog of immigration court cases has grown to nearly 1.5 million-- that is 1.5 million pending court cases before immigration judges--and  the average wait time for a single case to be decided is more than 2\1/ 2\ years.    Congress has a duty to take action to create change in this broken  system, and it can only be done in a bipartisan way. It is not too late  for our friends on the other side of the aisle to work with us and to  abandon this attempt to do an ``amnesty by partisan vote'' on a Budget  Act. It is not too late for them to work with us to address the crisis  at hand, and I have a suggestion about a good place to start.   Earlier this year, I introduced a bipartisan-bicameral bill with a  fellow border State Senator, Ms. Sinema, called the Bipartisan Border  Solutions Act. We have also been proud to work with two of our House  colleagues, Congressman Henry Cuellar, a Blue Dog Democrat from  Laredo--as the Presiding Officer knows in having been to Laredo  recently--and Tony Gonzales, who represents the 23rd Congressional  District, the largest contiguous congressional district to the U.S.- Mexico border. This legislation makes two modest but important changes  to alleviate the strain on law enforcement and improve the way we  process and care for these migrants.   One would establish four regional processing centers in high-traffic  areas along the border. These would be, in effect, a one-stop shop for  the various government Agencies involved in processing the migrants.  Migrants can receive medical screenings, have their identities  verified, and go through a criminal history check--all in one place.  They can also begin the legal process of seeking asylum. They will  complete their ``credible fear'' interviews, go through legal  orientation, and receive the documents and information they need for  their future court dates.   Right now, in the absence of regional processing centers, that all  takes place wherever the bodies come across at a given location along  the border. That is what takes the Border Patrol off the frontlines,  opening up these huge gaps in our border security for illegal drugs to  come across. So the very modest step of creating regional processing  centers will at least help with that.   Second, our bill addresses staffing shortages that have made this  situation even more challenging, and, indeed, that is the goal of these  criminal organizations that move millions of migrants across our  border. But it will require the hiring of hundreds of Customs and  Border Protection officers and Border Patrol processing coordinators so  agents, like those I spoke of in Del Rio, can get back on the  frontlines.  [[Page S8839]]    This legislation calls for 150 new immigration judges. Given the size  of the backlog of the immigration docket, we need more help. We need  300 asylum officers, ICE litigation teams, and other personnel to help  adjudicate asylum claims and work through the immigration court  backlog.   But make no doubt about it. These criminal organizations are smart,  they are well organized, and they understand the gaps and know how to  exploit them. It is because they have become experts at exploiting the  gaps, in the absence of any action by Congress, that what we have seen  in this last year is going to continue into the foreseeable future.  What we saw in Del Rio last September will be repeated at some point  unless we change the way we handle these migrants.   These are commonsense reforms, like I said, that have received  bicameral and bipartisan support, which, for 10 months, has completely  bewildered the Biden administration. It is not a solution to every  problem we are facing today, but it is a place to start. I would yield  to anybody who has a better idea or to anybody who has any ideas at  all, but, so far, all we hear from the Biden administration is  crickets--pretending like the problem doesn't exist and will,  hopefully, go away.   Meanwhile, the President's poll numbers, when it comes to the border  and illegal immigration, continue to plummet. You would think self- interest alone and the political future of the Democratic Party and of  this administration would cause them to wake up and decide: Hey, what  we are doing now isn't working; so let's try something different.   Well, I hope that Senate Democrats, who have the majority in the  Senate and who set the agenda both here on the floor and in committees,  will consider the bipartisan-bicameral bill that Senator Sinema and  Congressmen Cuellar and Gonzales and I have proposed.   Only the chairman of the committee--the Judiciary Committee--can  actually set a hearing on a bill and schedule a markup where we can  vote on it, where we can offer amendments and shape the bill according  to the will of the Members of the Senate. So far, Senator Tillis from  North Carolina and I have written a letter to Senator Durbin, the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, asking him to hold such a hearing  and a markup. We are not suggesting we can dictate the outcome, because  every member of the Judiciary Committee would be able to offer any  additional suggestions or amendments that they might have, but we are  asking him to get off the dime, to get out of neutral, and actually do  something to help improve the broken situation at the border.   Senate committees used to be the usual place for debates on critical  issues and legislation, but now it seems like the Democratic chairmen  have ceded all of their power to the authors of the reckless tax-and- spending spree bill that has now passed the House. They complain about  which policies were cut out of the latest bill without stopping to  consider the fact that they could move these same policies through the  normal committee process.   After the Parliamentarian confirmed that Democrats cannot grant legal  status or citizenship through the budget process, the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee professed to be deeply disappointed, but he wasn't  surprised. He knows the rules as well as anybody else, and it seems  disingenuous to me to say he was deeply disappointed in not being able  to move immigration law changes through a partisan budget  reconciliation process when he himself has the authority to schedule a  markup and a hearing of a bill that would actually make things better.  There is nothing that prevents Chairman Durbin from holding a hearing  on these proposals in the Judiciary Committee this week.   Make no mistake. Republicans want the Judiciary Committee to start  working on legislation to address the failures of our immigration  system and not just the border crisis. As I suggested a moment ago,  this summer, Senator Tillis from North Carolina and I asked the  chairman of the committee to take up a targeted DACA bill, Deferred  Action for Childhood Arrivals, that only addresses the active DACA  population.   We weren't holding these young people who have done nothing wrong but  find themselves now in an unstable future because of the litigation  that is still pending. We didn't ask for anything for that. We just  asked that the Senate Judiciary Committee actually do its job by taking  up a bill and voting on a piece of legislation and making it available  for floor action.   Many of our Democratic colleagues have been promising the Dreamers,  sometimes known as the DACA population--same difference. These are  people who came across the border illegally as children, but in America  we don't hold children responsible for the mistakes their parents make.  There are many of us on our side of the aisle who would be happy to  engage in a discussion and debate and vote on relief and a more stable  future for these young people who, as I have said, did nothing wrong  but now find themselves in a legal conundrum. These are the young men  and women whose fate has hung in the balance of every court ruling for  the last 10 years, and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee is  advocating giving them legal status.   Now he has two Republican Senators asking him to bring up a bill that  achieves that goal, but he refuses, even went so far as to say he was  disappointed we asked him to do his job. Instead, he insists on tying  the fate of these young people to the Democrats' impossible-to-pass  mass legalization proposal.   Our Democratic colleagues seem to think this massive partisan bill is  the only way they can prove to voters that they know how to govern, but  they have got it backward.   In reality, Democrats' burning focus on this one reckless bill has  kept them from achieving anything else, including immigration reform.   Our colleagues have done nothing to address the border crisis, so far  have done nothing to fund the government, have done nothing to lift the  debt ceiling, have done nothing to support our military, and have done  nothing to meet the Senate's most basic responsibilities.   It is true that by virtue of a 50-50 Senate and a Democrat Vice  President that our Democratic colleagues control the majority in this  body and they control a majority in the House of Representatives and  they have the White House. But one thing is for sure, this is a far cry  from living up to our responsibilities to govern wisely and  appropriately for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   