 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 3  minutes.    Mr. President, I am pleased to speak today on the  nomination of Representative Debra Haaland to be the Secretary of the  Interior. Her nomination was carefully considered by the Committee on  Energy and Natural Resources, which I am privileged to chair.   Her hearing went well, and it went for 2 days. Every member of the  committee questioned her. Most asked her two rounds of questions, and  some asked three. We then asked her 70 pages of questions for the  record--nearly 300 questions, many with multiple subparts.   The committee questioned her closely on her beliefs, her opinions,  the President's policies, and what she will do if confirmed. In the  end, the committee voted to report her nomination favorably, 11 to 9. I  am proud to have voted to report her nomination, and I am proud to  speak in favor of her confirmation today.   While I may not personally agree with some of Congresswoman Haaland's  past statements and policy positions, as Secretary she will be carrying  out President Biden's agenda, the agenda that the voters elected  President Biden to pursue.   At her hearing, she confirmed that she and the administration  recognize that our country will remain dependent on fossil fuels for  years to come, and a transition to a cleaner energy future must come  through innovation, not elimination.   She also affirmed her strong commitment to bipartisanship. She  understands the need to work across the aisle to find the bipartisan  solutions needed to address the diverse needs of our country and has  demonstrated that she can do so effectively.   I was also deeply impressed by the strong endorsement she received by  Congressman   Don Young, for whom I have the utmost respect.   Don  Young has been in Congress long enough to be able to read people and  know their heart and soul. He took the time and trouble to appear  before the committee and testified to the productive working  relationship he has had with Congresswoman Haaland and her willingness  to work with him on important issues. That meant a lot to me, and I  hope it will also resonate with my colleagues.   President Biden is in perhaps the most difficult position a modern- day President has ever been in, bringing us back from the brink after  January 6. That day changed me, and I feel strongly that with the deep  divisions running through our country and the Halls of Congress today,  we have to have people who have demonstrated they have the temperament  and willingness to reach across the aisle. Congresswoman Haaland has  demonstrated she does and she will.   As the President works to bind together a nation split by deep  political, racial, social, and economic divisions, he is also trying to  assemble a Cabinet that reflects the rich diversity of our Nation, one  that looks like America. And 230 years after Washington called his  first Cabinet meeting, it is long past time to give a Native American  woman a seat at the Cabinet table.   For these reasons, I support Deb Haaland's nomination and will vote  to report her and to support her, and I look forward to working with  her to protect our public lands and ensure the responsible use of our  natural resources in the most bipartisan manner. I strongly support her  nomination. I urge all of my colleagues to vote to invoke cloture today  and to confirm her nomination next week.   