 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come down to the floor multiple  times in the past week to talk about the filibuster. I have talked a  lot about the dangers of eliminating the filibuster, from the loss of  bipartisanship to the loss of meaningful representation for Senate  minorities and the constituents they serve.   One thing I haven't mentioned yet, though, is the fact that Democrats  are increasingly calling for eliminating the filibuster despite the  fact that Republicans haven't actually filibustered any legislation yet  this Congress.   In fact, the Democratic leader was just down here talking about  attacking the Republicans for opposing H.R. 1, S. 1, or whatever it is  that is the election bill that Democrats have put forward, but there  hasn't been any effort that I am aware of to reach out to Republicans  to talk about things that they might want to be involved with in terms  of election reforms or reforming our election system in this country.  In fact, this last election, we saw record turnout. Millions of people  more than the previous election came out and voted. It was run by the  States across the country.   The proposal that is before us, the H.R. 1 proposal--now, I guess, S.  1--would attempt to federalize that election process, to nationalize  the elections, to take the power away from the States that currently  administer and run elections and have that run out of Washington, DC.   It seems to me that a lot of people across this country would rather  deal with State leaders, State Governments, when it comes to  administering our elections than having them run out of Washington, DC.   There are lots of other provisions in that bill that many of us would  object to. I think, frankly, it is a good thing to have a photo ID to  vote. That is something that my State of South Dakota has. I think it  makes sense, when people come in to vote, to be able to prove who they  are. Obviously, it is a voter fraud prevention measure that has been  adopted by many States across the country and upheld by the courts.   It just strikes me that there are a lot of provisions in that bill  that would need to be fixed, honestly. And, frankly, just the very  premise to have the Federal Government running elections in this  country, essentially taking over something that has been historically  handled by the States, strikes me that that would be something the  American people would have a lot of issues with.   Now, I am not sure exactly what, given the fact that we had millions  more voting in the 2020 election than the previous Presidential  election, would suggest that we need to make changes to election laws  across this country.   The States, in my view, when they certified the election, like they  typically do, in the 2020 election, did it on time, in accordance with  the law, and the system, I believe, worked pretty well. But the  Democrats seem to believe that there need to be changes in our  elections.   But my point, simply, with respect to their arguments about that and  about the need to eliminate the filibuster in order to do it is that we  haven't filibustered anything yet.   Now, Democrats, when they were in the minority the last 6 years,  filibustered most things that we brought up that were of major  consequence, legislation that they objected to. They have used the  filibuster prolifically--prolifically, you could say--in the last 6  years. But it seems a little bit odd to have them getting up and  talking about eliminating something that has been a part of Senate  history, Senate rules, Senate traditions for a really long time and  arguing that the reason they need to do that is that Republicans have  been abusing it when we have been in the majority.   We have been in the majority for the last 6 years. The filibuster is  a tool employed by the minority and was employed, I would say, very  freely by the minority in the past 6 years. We haven't filibustered-- Republicans haven't filibustered anything yet, legislation, in this  Congress. Yet Democrats are talking about eliminating the filibuster  and, frankly, without attempting to reach across the aisle and engage  in talks with Republicans about areas where we might find common  ground. So that is what I want to talk just a little bit about today  because I think Republicans have shown a genuine commitment to  bipartisanship and unity, something that has not been on display from  the President or the Democrat leadership.   The Senate confirmed President Biden's Cabinet nominees faster than  those of both President Trump and President Obama, thanks in no small  part to Republicans' willingness to move the process along, and many,  if not most, of those confirmations were bipartisan.   I voted for a number of President Biden's Cabinet nominees not  because they were the individuals I would have picked but because I  believe that, absent serious red flags, a President deserves to have  his team around him   So I have a suggestion for Democrats: Why not try bipartisanship? And  by that I don't mean holding Republicans hostage the way the Democratic  leader has threatened, quote, ``Support our legislation or we will talk  about eliminating the filibuster.''   I don't mean passing a few pieces of bipartisan legislation for show  and then showing through the rest of your agenda or trying to--I should  say shoving through the rest of your agenda through reconciliation or  abolishment of the filibuster; I mean genuine bipartisanship: sitting  down at the table, identifying big issues that we need to address, and  then looking at proposals from both parties--both parties--and  negotiating until we can find agreement. There is a lot of room for  that.   While the focus often tends to be on the areas where we disagree,  there are plenty of areas where Democrats and Republicans either  already agree or could easily reach middle ground.   I am a conservative, but I have introduced 14 bills so far this year,  and 11 of them have had Democrat cosponsors.   There is a lot of room for us to work together, so why don't  Democrats try that? We could start with American economic  competitiveness and global leadership legislation or infrastructure  legislation--issues that both Democrats and Republicans see a pressing  need to address.   The Democratic leader has mentioned his desire to bring up  legislation regarding America's competitiveness vis-a-vis China, and  the Republican leader has agreed that it is an issue ripe for a  bipartisan, regular-order process.   There are a lot of areas where we could find bipartisan agreement on  these issues: investing in our domestic manufacturing capacity so we  don't have to rely as heavily on China or other countries for essential  products and technologies, promoting the development of 5G technology  here at home to ensure the United States wins the race to 5G, supply  chain security, protecting our taxpayer-funded research and  intellectual property from theft, and more.   I recently introduced the bipartisan Network Security Trade Act with  Senator Fischer and Democratic Senators Stabenow and Warner. Currently,  one of the biggest suppliers of 5G equipment worldwide is a Chinese  company, Huawei, which is supported by the Chinese Communist Party.  American security officials have raised concerns that much of Huawei's  equipment is built with ``backdoors,'' giving the Chinese Communist  Party access to global communications networks. Our bill would address  this potential security risk by making telecommunications security a  key objective when negotiating future trade deals.   It is important that we encourage our trading partners and allies to  keep suspect technology like Huawei out of their networks. The  bipartisan Network Security Trade Act would be a strong candidate for  inclusion in a thoughtful, bipartisan measure meant to enhance our  competitiveness with China if Democrats are willing to engage in truly  bipartisan legislating.   I believe a strong China policy is a national priority, and I hope we  will  [[Page S1726]]  consider a bill that addresses the many threats China poses in the near  future, as long as Democrats don't simply turn it into a means to  promote their partisan priorities under the guise of competing with  China.   There is also a lot of bipartisan agreement to be found on  infrastructure. In fact, there is a history of bipartisan collaboration  on infrastructure legislation.   Our last major infrastructure bill, the FAST Act, was supported by  both Democrats and Republicans and was a remarkably successful bill.   Last Congress, the Environment and Public Works Committee here in the  Senate developed bipartisan infrastructure legislation. And there is no  reason--no reason at all--that we shouldn't reach bipartisan agreement  on a substantial infrastructure bill.   I know a lot of us Senators from rural States, both Democrats and  Republicans, share a number of the same priorities for infrastructure  legislation, like expanding broadband access in rural communities and  ensuring that farmers and ranchers have a transportation system they  can depend on to get their goods to market. Investments in rural  infrastructure benefit our entire economy.   The vast majority of agricultural and industrial commodities  originate in rural areas, and speeding the passage of those goods to  market benefits everyone--those who produce those commodities and those  who rely on being able to sell them or purchase them.   I have introduced two pieces of legislation with Democratic  colleagues that I would hope to see included in potential bipartisan  infrastructure legislation.   I recently introduced the Railroad Rehabilitation and Financing  Innovation Act with my Democratic colleagues Senator Hassan. Our bill  takes important steps to improve the accessibility of the Railroad  Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing Loan Program for smaller  railroads, like those farmers and ranchers rely on to get their goods  to market.   I also recently introduced the Tribal Transportation Equity and  Transparency Improvement Act with my Democratic colleague Senator  Sinema. Tribes across the Nation have struggled to build and maintain  roads and bridges within their reservations, which connect Tribal  members to critical services. This is especially true for large, land- based Tribes who must maintain vast road networks in sparsely populated  areas. Our bill would help Tribes address these challenges by taking  steps to make the allocation of funding through the Tribal  Transportation Program more equitable and transparent.   If one thing is for sure, it is that a 50-50 Senate is not a mandate  for one side to force through its agenda unchecked. It is absurd for  Senate Democrats or House Democrats to pretend they have a mandate for  a partisan revolution.   I am not sure that the Democratic leadership realizes this, but I  think there are a good number of rank-and-file Democrats who do. And I  hope those rank-and-file Democrats will encourage their leaders to move  away from their liberal fantasies and try for real bipartisan  cooperation.   There is a lot we can do together on a lot of issues if Democrats  will come to the table. I hope they will.   I yield the floor.   