 Madam Speaker, in his speech and subsequent  hesitation to swiftly react to the violence, the President wrongly  amplified an emotionally charged environment--emboldening persons  predetermined to do violence, adding to a mob frenzy, and overshadowing  the important policy work of four years and those who peacefully stood  by him.   Our objective should be this: Restore peace in our country. Restore  confidence in our government. Restore decency and decorum.   In just seven days, Joe Biden will be President. I voted to certify  his election. In order to begin the process of healing our nation after  this traumatic moment, we must choose wisely. If we use the blunt  instrument of impeachment, we will punish the President but deepen the  trauma of an America already wracked by political violence. The call  for accountability ought now to be found in the hard slog to rebuild.   I will vote against impeachment.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Madam Speaker, respect for the will of the  people, which has been expressed through their votes in a valid  democratic process and the peaceful transfer of power between  administrations, is the foundation of our Nation.   Seeing the President incite groups to interrupt that very democratic  process, leading them to take the U.S. Capitol by force, where two  members of the Capitol Police died in the line of duty, is deeply  outrageous. Using force as the mechanism to achieve change or access to  power has no place in the constitutional transfer of office. I have  never validated that resource to enforce anyone's opinion. All those  who perpetrated these acts must be held accountable to the fullest  extent of the law, including the President.   This Nation needs to heal the deep wound created by the acts of  domestic terrorism on January 6, where at the end of the day democracy  prevailed, Congress continued with the processes in which the Vice  President validated the result of the elections in favor of a new  administration.   That healing will come in less than a week with the transfer of power  in an orderly and peaceful manner, as mandated by our legal system, but  past events have caused many, including myself, to withdraw our trust  in this President.   On past occasions I have rejected the President's conduct, while on  other occasions I have recognized the great resources that he helped me  bring to the Island in a time of need. In the same way, my priority  continues to be defending the interests of the people of Puerto Rico  and I will always work with anyone to achieve the betterment of the  people I represent.   I swore to defend the Constitution against all foreign and domestic  enemies. The acts of January 6 were an attack on our Constitution, they  were acts of sedition perpetrated by domestic terrorists and that is  why I join my colleagues from both parties in supporting an impeachment  process against the President, even though as a Resident Commissioner I  cannot vote in that process. This will serve as an example of the power  of our Nation's democracy, where no one, including the President, is  above the law.   