 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  supporting S. 2747, the Freedom to Vote Act; and S. 4, the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act; and S. 2615, the Right to Vote Act.   As some States and political operatives around the country seek to  roll back voter protection laws and gerrymander voting districts,  Congress must act to strengthen the freedom to vote and ensure  elections are safe and accessible.   Since its original passage in 1965, the Voting Rights Act safeguarded  the rights of historically marginalized voters at the polls.   Sadly, the U.S. Supreme Court's 2013 ruling in Shelby County v.  Holder gutted key Voting Rights Act protections. Earlier this year, in  July 2021, the Supreme Court issued another split ruling further  weakening the law in its decision in Brnovich v. DNC, making it more  difficult to challenge discriminatory voting laws under section 2 of  the Voting Rights Act.   Over the years, this democracy has seen a crisis in access to the  polls, and it has been worsened recently as Republican-led State  legislatures have implemented policies that disproportionately suppress  the voting rights of people of color, the elderly, college students,  and those living in rural areas, among others. Those same political  operatives have repeatedly weaponized false claims of election fraud,  like those perpetuated by former President Trump, to try to overturn  the will of the people.   The right to vote is a fundamental right guaranteed by our  Constitution and our desired responsibility to protect it. In the  United States of America, a beacon of democracy, our elections must be  open and transparent and follow a process and procedure that all  Americans can trust. It is more important than ever for Congress to  affirm that voters have a right to free and fair elections.   The Freedom to Vote Act fulfills this constitutional responsibility  by improving access to the ballot, advancing commonsense election  integrity reforms, and protecting our democracy from emerging threats  from cyber attacks to misinformation bots. It is not the job of  government to make it hard to vote; rather, it is our responsibility to  balance the convenience of voters with the security of their ballots.  This legislation does just that.   I also support the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, which  will repair the damage done by the Supreme Court's decisions by  restoring the U.S. Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division's  oversight over historically discriminatory States when they change  voting laws and legislative districts.   The John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act would provide needed  Federal oversight and serve as a check on communities that have engaged  in a pattern of restricting voting rights and making it harder for  minority voters to be counted.   Finally, I support the Right to Vote Act, which would establish the  first-  [[Page S7103]]  ever statutory right to vote in Federal elections, therefore allowing  Americans to enforce that right by challenging in court any policy that  restricts ballot access.   This legislation takes an enshrined right and empowers the people  with the tools to defend it. This way, States attempting to restrict  voting access will have to meet a high bar to justify any policy that  makes it harder for U.S. citizens to participate in Federal elections.   Restricting the ability of Americans to freely and fairly cast their  ballots threatens the very core of our Nation's founding democratic  principles.   As Americans deal with the ongoing effects of COVID-19 and prepare  for elections in the coming months and years, we should be removing-- not adding--unnecessary barriers to voting.   While efforts to pass voting rights legislation have been stymied by  Senate Republicans, you can be assured that I will continue to stand  ready and willing to work with my colleagues in Congress to defend  Americans' right to vote, end partisan gerrymandering, and prevent  voter suppression.   The vote today will allow us to begin a much-needed debate on the  topic of voting rights. I ask my Republican colleagues to come to the  table and join us in this conversation about how we can protect our  elections and safeguard American democracy.   I urge all my colleagues to support these important bills that would  protect and advance voting rights in our country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, in reserving my right to object, on August  24, the Secretary of Defense determined that the mandatory vaccination  against COVID-19 was necessary to  [[Page S7104]]  protect the force and defend the American people.   Vaccination is not mandatory for any servicemember who has a  legitimate medical or religious reason for not being vaccinated.   Mandatory vaccinations are limited to only FDA-approved vaccines. All  FDA-approved COVID-19 vaccines have been determined to be safe and  effective.   According to press reports, as of October 4, Active-Duty vaccination  rates are as follows: the Army, 81 percent; the Navy, 90 percent; the  Air Force, 80.9 percent; and the Marine Corps, 76.5 percent.   Mandatory vaccination is not a new issue for military personnel.  Mandatory vaccinations for critical illnesses are mission critical, and  requiring vaccination is almost as old as the military itself. I can  personally verify that point. Indeed, servicemembers are currently  required to get 17 different vaccinations when they enter the military  or before deploying overseas, including for measles, mumps, diphtheria,  hepatitis, smallpox, and the flu.   We need a healthy and ready force. We saw what happened when Navy  ships were contaminated with COVID. They weren't ready to deploy. They  couldn't deploy. They were tied up. Their effectiveness and ability to  defend the country were marginalized, to say the least. I think this is  absolutely incongruent with the practice and mission of the military.   One other thing I would say is that one of the most fundamental  ethics of the military is that every soldier, sailor, marine, airman,  and guardian is prepared to sacrifice for their fellow servicemember,  and the idea that one would put their own personal feelings ahead of  the potential for contaminating or sickening another servicemember and  affecting the unit is something that I don't think squares with the  ethic of the U.S. military or the effectiveness of the force.   I agree with the Secretary of Defense; therefore, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Dr. Katherine  Quinn, an American Institute of Physics Congressional Science Fellow  through the American Association of Advancement of Science, who is  serving in my office, be granted the privilege of the floor for the  remainder of the Congress.   