 Madam Speaker, I thank the good gentleman, Mr. Womack, for  this opportunity to speak.   Madam Speaker, I have three amendments to this legislation. Amendment  No. 180, this amendment strikes a provision allowing the HHS Secretary  to use $7.8 million to hire and purchase electric vehicles and electric  vehicle charging stations.   If bureaucrats at HHS want to own their own $80,000-plus Tesla, that  is great, they should purchase it. But they shouldn't require the  taxpayers to pay for that kind of thing. They could do the work that  they need to do without an electric vehicle.   Amendment 121 strikes EVs from the GSA. Here again, the GSA want to  purchase these vehicles with your money. Look, if they want do that on  their own, that is fine. If you consider the post office, these  vehicles are oftentimes heavier than your regular vehicle, but the post  office has 200,000 of these vehicles and that is what they want to  purchase with them.   And just keep in mind that these vehicles don't pay into the Highway  Trust Fund, so they are heavier, more maintenance, but not paying  anything.   Finally, amendment 124, which strikes the exemption for green vehicle  purchases. The underlying text sets the limit at about $20,000. So if  we are going to purchase a vehicle, that is great, you need to do your  work. If you are working for government, you get $20,000 for a vehicle  to do it. You don't need to ride in some kind of special luxury. But  they set an exemption for these vehicles, because they want to buy an  $80,000 vehicle and exempt the $20,000 that the rest of us have to deal  with in the public.    So this amendment would just say, no, we are not going to make the  exemption. You are going to spend the $20,000 on the best vehicle for  the taxpayer and for the government. If it is an electric vehicle, so  be it; if it is not, so be it. The market should dictate and the market  can dictate.   The government shouldn't be picking winners and losers and forcing us  taxpayers to pay for exorbitant electric vehicles because my friends on  the left think that is the way to go.   