 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, I rise to offer my amendment  that will help countless struggling small businesses and communities  access new opportunities and unlock the local economic potential of  military bases across the country.   My amendment would incentivize the use of local small businesses for  military construction projects by asking the Secretary of Defense to  provide preference for businesses that will use workers from within the  same State or within a 60-mile radius from where the work will occur.   My amendment would also strengthen a provision in the underlying bill  to finally provide some transparency in the military construction  project award process, helping small businesses at least be aware of  when possible contracts and subcontract opportunities become available.   I represent Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which for decades has  been an economic engine in my community and in my State with thousands  of jobs tied to operations on the base.   However, too often contracts at bases like mine go unseen by small,  local businesses who are qualified and ready and sometimes more cost  effective than contractors from out of State.   Since coming into Congress, I have met with business owners from  around the Joint Base who have stressed to me that not only are they  not considered for military construction contracts, but in many cases  the Department of Defense does not even make local businesses aware of  the contracts that are available.   I introduced the Put Our Neighbors to Work Act and offer it as an  amendment here for the construction workers in my district who are  looking for their next opportunity and to provide some fairness to the  award process for small and local businesses who have been passed over  for far too long.   This is a good amendment that would help to expand opportunities for  small and local businesses in the construction industry at a time when  so many across the country are struggling.   I would like to thank Congressman Norcross, Congressman Garamendi,  and Congressman Pfluger for helping push this bipartisan effort  forward.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for small  and local businesses by voting to pass this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am glad that we are able to  have this debate and talk about what it is that we are trying to  prioritize here. When we are talking about the workers here, this bill,  this amendment, is not something that would force the Secretary of  Defense to hire unqualified workers to be able to work on our bases.  That is absolutely not the case here.   It is talking about, in the circumstances where there are qualified  workers, wouldn't we want to prioritize the local workers that are part  of that community?   We are proud in my district to host a military base. We are proud in  New Jersey to have multiple different military installations, and I am  sure other States are very proud of the military installations that  they host as well.   I hope that the Department of Defense is proud of that partnership  with our States. That is exactly what this is. It is a partnership.  This can be a win-win. In the same way that we are looking out for our  joint military base in our community, we would like the joint military  base to think of itself as part of that community.   I believe in the workforce of my State and other States, and I  believe that the workforce across America is strong. I believe that we  have the skilled labor all over this country to be able to do this.   That is why we have been able to get this bipartisan bill. That is  why I have been able to get the support of Congressman Pfluger and to  be able to continue to move forward in the way that we need to do this  for our small businesses, for our workers, to be able to help build  strong national security.   Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I urge support for my  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   