 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of En Bloc 3, which  includes my amendment to the Labor-HHS-Education Division of H.R. 4502,  the minibus Appropriations Act.   My amendment will provide an additional $2 million to the Health  Centers Program within the Department of Health and Human Services.  This funding will provide increased assistance to our community health  centers which serve as a lifeline to many of the most vulnerable  members of our community, and have been hit especially hard during the  pandemic.   Today there are around 1,400 health centers in over 14,000 urban and  rural communities, across the U.S. serving 30 million patients in every  state and territory. Even before the Covid-19 pandemic they provided  vital comprehensive, quality health services--including, primary and  preventive care, behavioral health, dental care, pharmacy, and vision  care--to vulnerable and underserved communities. In recent years, they  have been expanding their services to include mental health and  treatment of substance use disorder.   Throughout the pandemic crisis, community health centers have stepped  up to help their communities by providing essential testing, contact  tracing, education, and vaccinations. And they have done so while  continuing to meet the ongoing health care needs of their patients.  However, these vital health care providers, who already operate on very  tight budgets with thin margins, were stretched even thinner in the  last eighteen months. At a time when they needed all hands on deck,  community health centers around the country had to cut hours, reduce  services, and lay off or furlough employees. Some even had to shut down  temporarily.   As we continue to work our way through to the other side of the  pandemic, community health centers still need our support to care for  our vulnerable and underserved Americans. Thanks to the efforts of the  Congress and the support of the President, our health centers have been  given some of the assistance they need in order to do so. Fortunately,  the American Rescue Plan provided over $6.1 billion in funding to 1,377  health centers around the country. In my state of Massachusetts, 37  community health centers have received over $146 million to help them  continue their work.   I was pleased to see the substantial increase that the Appropriations  Committee provided to health centers in this spending bill, and again,  I appreciate the Committee's acceptance of my amendment which will help  our community health centers to continue to provide quality,  comprehensive health care to millions of Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this En Bloc amendment and the  underlying bill.   