 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 803, an important  package of public interest land protections.   Within this comprehensive legislation is the Grand Canyon Protection  Act. Tomorrow, the Grand Canyon celebrates 102 years as a National  Park, making a century of welcoming visitors from all over the country  and the world, to this First District and to America. It is recognized  as one of the world's greatest natural wonders.   There is no doubt that this is a special, sacred place that must be  protected. That is why my colleagues and I introduced the Grand Canyon  Protection Act, commonsense legislation, that would permanently ban  uranium mining around the Grand Canyon.   It was stated no one is mining near the Grand Canyon. There is a mine  six miles right outside the South Gate.   Somebody stated that there is nothing nearby that would impact the  Grand Canyon. There are 500-plus abandoned uranium mines just outside  the Navajo Nation, and just outside the East Gate of the Grand Canyon,  and numerous streams and creeks and washes run from the east land into  the Grand Canyon.   The Grand Canyon is the base of a $1 billion-a-year tourism industry  for the Northern Arizona region.   Rural and Tribal communities throughout Northern Arizona are still  grappling with the toxic waste that has been there for over almost--I  should say, 80 years--80 years it has been there and caused health  problems. Too many Tribal families in our district continue to fight  the cancers and the disease caused by radiation exposures over those  decades.   Expanding uranium mining in the area would not only aggravate these  serious health conditions and risks, but also make the Colorado rivers  susceptible to uranium mining pollution. Currently, the river and  nearby aquifers are the main water source for over 12 million people in  the Colorado River Basin.   Above all else, the Grand Canyon is a place of deep spiritual  significance to many Native communities in the southwest, a home to the  Havasupai Tribe. We must protect these lands for those who know them as  sacred.    Also, in today's package, are measures I have championed, including  the Casa Grande Ruins National Monument Boundary Modification and the  Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument Boundary Adjustment.   In a typical year, the Casa Grande Ruins attracts tens of thousands  of visitors; but more importantly, it also is a sacred place and the  past home of the Hohokam irrigation projects throughout the southern  part of Arizona.   This boundary modification will also ensure that the San Carlos  Irrigation Project has access to critical irrigation infrastructure.   President Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said, ``There is nothing so  American as our national parks. The fundamental idea behind the parks  is that the country belongs to the people, that it is in the process of  making for the enrichment of the lives of all of us.''   I don't understand how we could stand here and say that we should not  protect one of the greatest national wonders of the world.   Over the course of this pandemic, we have seen just how vital our  treasured public lands and outdoor spaces have become for families  across this country. An opportunity to get outside and celebrate what  it is to be an American.   