 Mr. Speaker, thank you today, the House has an  opportunity to support older workers by passing H.R. 3992, the Protect  Older Job Applicants Act, introduced by Representative Garcia of Texas.   While Americans are working later in life than ever before, many  older workers are finding that their experience can count against them  when applying for new jobs. Research shows that three-fourths of  workers age 45 and older say age discrimination has eroded their  confidence in finding a new job, and more than 40 percent of older job  applicants have been asked for age-related information in the hiring  process.   For more than half a century, older workers and older job applicants  who face age discrimination were equally protected under the Age  Discrimination in Employment Act, or A-D-E-A.   Earlier this year, House Republicans and Democrats came together to  pass the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act, which  strengthens protections for workers who allege disparate treatment  based on age under the A-D-E-A.   Unfortunately, recent decisions in the Seventh and Eleventh Federal  Circuit Courts have excluded job applicants from seeking recourse under  the disparate impact provision of the A-D-E-A, even while maintaining  that same protection for current employees.   This means older job applicants in the Seventh and Eleventh Circuits  can only challenge age discrimination in hiring when they prove that an  employer intended to discriminate based on age. They are unable to  challenge hiring practices that appear neutral, but, in fact, result in  a disproportionate, harmful impact on older workers.   Unfortunately, the Supreme Court declined to grant review of this  matter. Therefore, it is up to Congress to clarify what has otherwise  been the law of the land with regard to the coverage of job applicants  under the A-D-E-A.   Current law provides recourse for job applicants in most  jurisdictions, but not all. By amending the A-D-E-A, this legislation  clarifies that older job applicants across the country can effectively  seek justice when they are harmed by age discrimination in hiring.   The Administration issued a Statement of Administration Policy in  support of this legislation. It states in part:   ``Workplace age discrimination, including at the application stage,  prevents people from fully accessing the American dream and limits the  contributions that they can make to our shared prosperity. Ensuring  equitable access to employment is a priority for the Administration.  The Administration supports this legislation that protects older job  applicants.''   