 Mr. President, I rise today to voice my support for  the confirmation of my friend and colleague Congresswoman Marcia Fudge  to be the next Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. I know that  she will bring strong leadership to HUD at a time when our Nation needs  it most.   Across my State of Maryland and throughout the country, our fellow  Americans are struggling to keep a roof over their heads. Families are  living in fear of eviction or of missing their next mortgage payment.  In this time of crisis, we need a leader at HUD who will prioritize  tackling the ongoing housing crisis spurred by COVID-19. Congresswoman  Fudge has expressed her determination to do just that. She is a  dedicated and experienced public servant who has earned a reputation  for swift action and firm leadership. Her accumulated experience  spanning a lifetime of service will be invaluable in helping the  Federal Government mount a robust and coordinated campaign to bring  those hardest hit back from the brink and ensure an equitable recovery.   While addressing the urgent needs of renters and homeowners during  this pandemic, we can't lose sight of the bigger picture. The pandemic  has exacerbated our country's affordable housing crisis and shone a  spotlight on how it disproportionately harms communities of color. We  are seeing the result of decades of discriminatory practices like  redlining that have targeted minority families and left an enduring  stain on our communities that won't be easily wiped away. President  Biden has put forth a bold plan to combat our Nation's housing crisis,  and as HUD Secretary, Congresswoman Fudge will be charged with  implementing it, reversing the damage caused by the Trump  administration, restoring and improving our fair housing protections,  rebuilding our Nation's supply of affordable housing, and investing in  our housing infrastructure. She has her work cut out for her.   There is no doubt in my mind that Congresswoman Fudge will work  overtime to tackle these challenges head-on. She has spent her career  fighting on behalf of those most in need and those who have been  historically barred from stable living and home ownership. She has seen  these issues up close: first as the mayor of Warrensville Heights, OH,  and then as a member of the House of Representatives and as chair of  the Congressional Black Caucus, where she has helped forge compromises  that brought real results. She is guided by the principle that each of  us has a responsibility to respect and uplift those most in need. In  her words, ``there is dignity and there is grace within every woman  every man and every child in this nation--including those who live on  the outskirts of hope.'' For Marcia Fudge, service isn't just a job, it  is a calling. I know that, should she be confirmed, Congresswoman Fudge  will lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development with  unwavering commitment. I look forward to partnering with her and the  Biden administration to provide more Americans with the dignity of  stable living as we work urgently to strengthen and grow our affordable  housing programs across Maryland and throughout the country.   