 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the last few months, the American  people have watched in disbelief and then in anger as the Biden  administration has completely fumbled the response to the border  crisis.   In the spring, the biggest concerns were the thousands of children  coming across the border. We lacked the facilities, the personnel, and  the resources to provide proper care for those children, particularly  in those kinds of numbers. At one point, one of the processing centers  in Donna, TX, in the Rio Grande Valley was at 1,600 percent of  capacity.   Then, in the summer, the scale and scope of the crisis grew. In  addition to the thousands of unaccompanied children entering our  country each month, the number of family units has skyrocketed.   I should pause to add, Mr. President, that the reason why the  smugglers send in unaccompanied children is because they know they will  simply be placed with sponsors in the interior of the country and most  of them will fail to return to the immigration courts for their asylum  hearing. So they will have been successfully placed in the United  States, sometimes with relatives, sometimes with noncitizens, sometimes  with foster families who don't know them at all. That is why the  smugglers have been smuggling unaccompanied children.   But in August alone, more than 86,000 members of families--typically  women with young children--have crossed the border. Now that we have  reached the fall, the crisis has shifted once again.   I think what really grabbed people's attention was when they saw the  little town of Del Rio, TX, with 15,000 Haitian migrants under a bridge  in Del Rio, TX. First of all, they were shocked. They thought this was  a Central American phenomenon or Mexican migrants. But the reality is,  as Border Patrol will tell you and has told me, we literally have  people coming from around the world across the southern border,  including some countries of particular concern.   So the Haitians got people's attention and completely overwhelmed the  border region and our capacity to deal with them. That is why 400  Border Patrol agents had to be shipped in from other parts of the  border or from interior checkpoints, which means that those other  locations were understaffed or perhaps had no staff at all. That, in  turn, is an invitation to the drug smugglers to smuggle more drugs  across the border.   I have mentioned time and time again this shocking number: 93,000  Americans died of drug overdoses last year. The vast majority of those  drugs come across the southern border. So the cartels--these criminal  organizations that smuggle people, drugs, and other contraband--they  are pretty smart. They understand where the weaknesses are, where the  gaps are both in our policy and in our physical ability to secure the  border, and they play us just like a fiddle.   The individuals and families huddled under the Del Rio Bridge--they  were  [[Page S6967]]  trying to escape triple-digit temperatures.   It is hot in August and September in Texas, and they had little, if  any, access to food, clean water, or restrooms. It took a number of  days before the Department of Homeland Security was able to remove them  from what the New York Times described as squalid conditions--truly,  Third World conditions.   Now, President Biden has said to the migrants: Don't come to the  United States. But the fact is, what he says with his mouth, with his  lips, is contradicted by all of his policies and all of his action and  inaction.   Here, let me share a few headlines from the last several months:  ``Overwhelmed Texas border community begins busing migrants to  Austin''; ``Migrants freed without court notice--sometimes no  paperwork''; ``Haitian migrants released in U.S. on `very, very large  scale'.''   Folks beyond our borders are reading this. Friends and family in the  United States are communicating with potential migrants who have come  across. Certainly, the human smugglers--the coyotes--who get rich and  are getting richer with every person they smuggle into the United  States, are reading these headlines and watching cable TV and talking  to people inside the heartland of our country. The message they see  with their own eyes or they hear from others contradicts this lip  service, really, that President Biden has been paying to border  security.   Like I said, this is especially true among the cartels and criminal  organizations that charge thousands of dollars a head to bring folks  from literally anywhere around the world. It just gets a little more  expensive. If you want to come from, let's say, the Middle East or if  you want to come from, let's say, Iran or Afghanistan, it is a little  more expensive than if you just want to come from Mexico or Central  America, but you can do it because the same networks and criminal  organizations run those networks in those countries around the world.   Last week, the Biden administration handed the cartels a big  recruiting tool.   Let me read you another headline: ``U.S. Will No Longer Deport  Illegal Immigrants Based on Undocumented Status Alone.''   That is what Secretary Mayorkas, the Secretary of the Department of  Homeland Security, said: The U.S. Government will not enforce U.S. law.   As if we needed to add any more to the chaos and the crisis on the  border, Secretary Mayorkas has provided explicit confirmation that the  Department of Homeland Security will not enforce our immigration laws.  His directive strongly discourages Immigration and Customs Enforcement  from even carrying out their most basic duties.   I know it seems like a long time ago, but it wasn't that long ago  when people said: ``Abolish the police.'' Before that, they said:  ``Abolish ICE,'' Immigration and Customs Enforcement. But now they are,  maybe, not so much intent on abolishing ICE as just telling them don't  do your job. Don't enforce the very laws that we in Congress have made.   Considering the fact that the border czar, Vice President Harris,  once compared ICE to the Ku Klux Klan, we probably should have seen  this coming. Liberal activists can throw out their ``Abolish ICE''  posters because the administration is, effectively, nullifying the  Agency from the inside.   The reality of the situation, however inconvenient it may be, is  that, by entering the United States illegally, migrants are breaking  U.S. laws. We are fortunate, indeed, and grateful to the hard-working  men and women of ICE and Customs and Border Protection, who are  committed to enforcing our laws and keeping the American people safe,  but they can't do it when they are told don't do your job or if the  administration continues to denigrate these officers to try to shame  them and to publicly criticize them for doing what we have asked them  to do.   Secretary Mayorkas's decision not to enforce our immigration laws  isn't an example of prosecutorial discretion, which is the usual  excuse; it is a violation of his oath. The Department of Homeland  Security is charged with safeguarding the American people, but it can't  do it because of the direction of its own leadership--a member of  President Biden's Cabinet.   There is nothing wrong with prioritizing the removal of the most  dangerous criminals who are here illegally. Previous administrations  have prioritized certain categories, like those suspected of terrorism  or others who could be a threat to our national security or public  safety, but there is a difference between prioritizing and exempting  entire categories from enforcement altogether.   Under this new guidance from Secretary Mayorkas, ICE officers are  discouraged from arresting or removing illegal immigrants unless they  have been convicted of a serious crime. It is unclear, though, whether  domestic violence meets this criteria. Certainly, other crimes don't.  So it defies all common sense to ask our law enforcement officers--that  is what ICE officers are; they are law enforcement officers--to turn a  blind eye to illegal conduct and not do what they have sworn to do in a  professional oath.   I am reminded of a controversial directive issued by another one of  President Biden's nominees to enforce our Nation's laws. Rachael  Rollins was nominated to serve as the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts  and is currently the district attorney for Suffolk County--home to  Boston. She is a current nominee from the Biden administration.   Shortly after taking office as the Suffolk County district attorney  for the State and local office, she released a memo that outlined more  than a dozen crimes that should be ignored by law enforcement. This was  the district attorney, who was charged with enforcing the laws, saying  to law enforcement: Ignore the laws.   According to Ms. Rollins, individuals who committed offenses like  trespassing, shoplifting, larceny--that is stealing--wanton or  malicious destruction of property or even possession with intent to  distribute drugs should not be prosecuted.   Again, I have no issue with law enforcement using limited resources  to address the biggest threats and to prioritize their prosecution  decisions, but they cannot, I believe, consistent with their oaths,  exempt wholesale classes of criminals from enforcement.   Under the Biden administration, we are already seeing a record-low  number of deportations for people who violate our immigration laws.  Back in April, as border crossings hit their highest level in 20 years,  ICE removed the lowest number of illegal immigrants on record. There is  no coincidence there. The guidance from Secretary Mayorkas sends an  unequivocal message to the entire world that, if you want to come to  the United States illegally, you will be able to stay as long as you  don't get caught committing a murder or some other crime of a similar  nature.   The administration has tried to claim that this will not serve as a  pull factor. That is what the Border Patrol talks about with the push  factors--poverty, violence, and maybe things like that which are the  push factors for immigration--but they also talk about the pull  factors, which are things that the migrants see and the smugglers see  that will actually attract more illegal immigration to the United  States. The administration has tried to claim that this refusal to  enforce our immigration laws won't act as an additional pull factor  because, they say, the order only applies to immigrants who entered the  United States before November 2020.   But let's consider some of the other things that have been said. For  example, Vice President Harris said migrants should not come to the  United States because they will be turned back. That is clearly not  happening. That is clearly not the case.   We were told that the Department of Homeland Security would use title  42, a public health law, to return the vast majority of Haitian  migrants because, after all, while we are still dealing with the  pandemic of COVID-19, these migrants, by and large, aren't vaccinated,  and they are not tested for COVID-19 when they are released into the  interior of the United States. You would think that would be a problem  for the Biden administration, but Secretary Mayorkas just flat lied to  the American people when he said what would happen to the migrants from  Haiti. Some 13,000 migrants from that group have been released into the  interior of the United States before even appearing in front of an  immigration judge.  [[Page S6968]]  Clearly, that was a lie when he said they would be repatriated to their  country of origin. So we have no reason to believe that things will be  any different this time.   The President can't have it both ways. He can't say he is taking a  tough stance on illegal immigration to appease one wing of the  Democratic Party while implementing policies that just encourage more  illegal immigration to appease the other wing.   The only way to address this crisis is to enforce our laws, not as  the Biden administration wishes they were written. If we are going to  have any hope of managing the current crisis and the additional crisis  that will necessarily follow, deterrence is a key.   As the Border Patrol told me, there have to be consequences for  illegal immigration. If there are no consequences, people are going to  continue to come in greater and greater numbers.   Albert Einstein reportedly once said: Insanity is doing the same  thing over and over again and expecting different results.   Unless the administration backs up their ``do not come'' statements  with actions which actually send the same message, we are going to  continue down this very dangerous road.   What will need to happen next before the administration takes this  crisis seriously? More than 200,000 border crossings during each of the  last 2 months didn't get their attention nor did the group of 30,000  migrants in Del Rio, TX, in a matter of days. So you can't help but  ask: How many more migrants will have to suffer before President Biden  and Vice President Harris finally back up their empty statements with  action?   We stand ready to help and to work on a bipartisan basis. As a matter  of fact, Senator Sinema and I, along with our colleagues Henry Cuellar  and Tony Gonzalez in the House, have a bipartisan-bicameral border  solutions bill. It is not perfect, and it doesn't answer all the  questions, but it is a good place to start. So far, we have heard  nothing but crickets from the administration. Apparently, they don't  care about the status quo and, so far, seem unwilling to do anything  differently to correct it.   I yield the floor.   