 Madam President, every day that I have the honor of  coming to work in the hallowed halls of this building--a symbol to the  country and to the world of America's commitment to liberty and to  justice, freedom, and democracy--I am humbled. I am humbled by the  faith and responsibility that the people of Oregon have placed in me to  advocate on their behalf. I am humbled by the responsibility of  exercising the power of this office to use the opportunity to lift up  all Americans, to create a foundation for families to thrive, to tackle  significant challenges like human rights and global warming.   But among all these responsibilities one is the highest, which is to  defend our constitutional Republic, and in that Constitution, the  single most important power given to every American is the right to a  voice and a vote, a voice and a vote in the decisions of this  government and the direction of our Nation.   As we saw all too clearly on January 6, when this very building was  attacked by a mob intent on burning the ballots of millions of  Americans, democracy based on free and fair elections is far from  guaranteed. Each generation, each new set of Senators and House Members  has the responsibility to defend it anew.   The sad truth, however, is that a violent mob storming the Capitol  isn't the only way to attack our democracy. It can also be attacked by  the quiet plotting of powerful and privileged individuals who hate the  concept of government of, by, and for the people, and they work to  undermine and corrupt the workings of our Republic to produce, instead,  government by and for the powerful.   In his inaugural address, our second President, John Adams, remarked  that, ``we should be unfaithful to ourselves if we should ever lose  sight of the danger to our liberties if anything partial or extraneous  should infect the purity of our free, fair, virtuous, and independent  elections.''   Well, my friends, our democracy--our elections are being infected.  Our elections are under siege from gerrymandering, which destroys the  principle of equal representation. Our system is under siege from dark  money, enabling billionaires and powerful corporations to buy our  elections. It is under siege by State laws being passed week to week  right now that target specific communities to prevent them from voting,  thereby manipulating the outcome of elections.   Indeed, at least 22 laws have been enacted in 14 States since January  to infect our free and fair elections to deliberately erect barriers  meant to make it harder for targeted groups of Americans to vote, to  silence the voices of students and low-income Americans, of Native  Americans and seniors, of Black and Brown Americans who have fought too  long and too hard to have their voice and their vote stolen from them,  ripped from them now.   We have a responsibility as United States Senators to ensure every  American's freedom to vote, just as this institution sought to do more  than half a century ago, when in this Chamber we passed the 1965 Voting  Rights Act. We have a responsibility to ensure that every American's  voice is heard and that our elections reflect the will of the people.   We can fulfill that responsibility by enacting national standards for  voting to ensure that every American can have a say in the key  decisions impacting their daily lives, a ``say'' expressed through the  ballot box.   That ballot box is the beating heart of our Republic, and those who  seek to erect barriers to citizens having access to it are committing a  crime against our democracy. We have to stop that criminal action  against the rights of Americans. We must create those national  standards by taking up this bill, the For the People bill, debating it,  and ultimately passing it, to defend our Constitution.   The For the People Act is comprehensive. It does popular, commonsense  things to put the American people back in charge of their government  and their country. It sets national standards so every American has  equal freedom to vote, no matter where they live. In this country, if  you are an American, you have the right to vote, plain and simple, full  stop. It doesn't matter what your ZIP code is or your income or the  color of your skin or your religious beliefs. You have the right to  vote.   Many of the State laws restricting voting are designed to eliminate  early voting--in person or by mail--and we know exactly why. It is  because the  [[Page S4682]]  leaders in these States know how easy it is to manipulate the vote on  election day. In these targeted communities, the States' leaders wants  to be able to decrease the number of polling places, reduce the hours,  change the locations, put polling places in locations with limited  parking, put out false information about the date of the election, and  purge targeted voters from the roll of registered voters, knowing that  when they show up on election day, it is too late to correct the error  and be able to exercise their right to vote.   The antidote to these horrendous, racist attacks on the freedom and  right of every American to vote is early voting in person and by mail,  and this act guarantees 15 days of early voting. It sets forth the  opportunity to acquire an absentee ballot, to return the ballot by mail  or through dedicated dropboxes.   The second big goal in national standards set forth in the For the  People Act is to stop billionaires from buying elections. Elections in  America are intended to reflect the will of the people, not the will of  the powerful and privileged. Thomas Jefferson once described this as  the ``mother principle,'' saying that ``governments are republican only  in proportion to how they embody the will of the people.''   If the megawealthy can flood our campaigns with billions of dollars  sent through shell companies, untraceable money, and manipulate the  outcome of the elections, then Jefferson's mother principle is murdered  because the outcome serves the powerful, not the people.   The For the People Act says the people should have an equal chance of  being heard and that the people listening ought to know who is actually  behind those voices and those messages. It does that by creating an  ``honest ads'' policy so political ads people see online have to  disclose who is paying for them, and it does that by requiring the  disclosure of megadonors contributing to political campaigns.   Now, if you or I give a modest donation to a campaign, that campaign  has to disclose who we are. Shouldn't the same thing that is true for  an average American be true for the megadonors? This standard sets that  equal standard.    Third, the national standards set forth in this bill restore equal  representation by ending gerrymandering, the process by which we draw  congressional districts to favor one party over another and, by doing  so, attack the sacred principle of equal representation.   This creates a lot of bias in the House of Representatives down the  hall. Take Michigan. In 2012, 2014, and 2016, the majority of the  Michiganders voted for one party at every level of government, but  because of gerrymandering, the other party held a decisive advantage in  the statehouse, in the State senate, and in the congressional House  delegation.   The For the People Act defends, restores the principle of equal  representation. It does it by creating independent redistricting  commissions, made up equally of Democrats, Republicans, and  Independents. That means candidates running for office actually have to  use the power of their ideas, the persuasion of their personality, not  a rigged system to hold power.   Finally, the standards in this bill target corruption by addressing  and eliminating conflicts of interest. Public servants should serve the  public, not themselves. That includes Members of Congress, the  administration, and for the first time ever, the Supreme Court. This  bill does that by striking down outrageous and corrupt conflicts of  interest, strengthening divestment requirements, saying that the  President and Vice President have to use a blind trust or limit their  personal holdings to assets that don't pose a potential conflict of  interest.   It slows the revolving door between public service and K Street. It  requires Cabinet Secretaries to recuse themselves from any issues in  which a previous employer or client has a financial interest.   The bill requires candidates for Vice President or President to  disclose their tax returns to prevent hidden conflicts of interest. It  creates a code of ethics for the Supreme Court, something all other  Federal judges already have.   None of these four principles is about helping one political party  over the other. In fact, the provisions I have just laid out are wildly  popular among the American people. An overwhelming supermajority of  Democrats, Republicans, and Independents support these four principles.  It is as bipartisan as you can get.   Even when it is broke into specific provisions, three out of four  Americans--Democrats, Republicans, Independents--say they support these  reforms because they believe in the vision of government of, by, and  for the people. It is in our DNA.   Americans believe that dark money should not be able to flood our  elections. They believe billionaires and corporations should not be  able to buy elections. They believe our Nation is ill-served by corrupt  conflicts of interest. They believe in the vision and ideals of our  ``we the people'' Republic, and this bill is meant to do just one  thing: make real the promise of democracy for all Americans.   But powerful special interests don't want that. It threatens their  hold on power by ending the ways they have rigged the system, and so  they are all about striking down this bill.   Why is that? We hear how Republican leaders say that they like this  rigged system. Apparently, they like dark money in campaigns helping to  buy elections. Apparently, they like targeting groups of individuals to  prevent them from voting, taking us back to the racist efforts that  existed before the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Apparently, they like  gerrymandering, thinking it is a sort of the political power down the  hall, which political scientists says it is. But should it be principle  or power that we fight for here?   It should be the principle and the oath of office we took to uphold  the Constitution.   Standing before a crowd on a November afternoon to dedicate the  Soldiers' National Cemetery at Gettysburg, 4 months after that  momentous battle, President Lincoln remarked that they were gathered  together to not only dedicate it to the men who had fallen in battle,  but to the ideal for which they gave their lives, ``That government of  the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the  Earth.''   Today, it is our responsibility to carry that ideal forward and to  ensure that government of the people, by the people, and for the people  shall not perish from the United States of America. We in this Chamber  must pass the For the People Act.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   