 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, our Nation was founded on an incredibly  powerful and truly audacious idea. The idea was that every single human  being was created equal, with rights that come from your Creator, from  God--not from the government, not from the laws, not even from the  Constitution or your leaders. You are born with those rights. Inherent  in that is our powerful national commitment that I think remains to  this day, the belief that everyone should have freedom and that  everyone--because freedom comes with those rights--and that everyone be  treated fairly.   For 244 years, our story has been that of a nation on a continuous  and a steady march to live up to those ideals. Tomorrow, thousands will  come to Washington once again for a different march but one that I  believe is tied directly to this Nation's ongoing quest to fulfill the  promise of its founding.   Almost half a century ago, the Supreme Court of the United States  decided that within our Constitution, there was the implicit right to  end the life of an unborn child. Since then, every single day in this  country, unborn human beings have had their life ended before they even  drew their first breath. They are, in essence, denied the freedom to  live, not because they did anything wrong; they are denied this most  basic of rights unfairly because of circumstances they have nothing to  do with and do not control.   That this occurs here is shameful enough, and I believe that is how  history will regard it; that we use taxpayer money to promote it and  export it abroad is outrageous.   Before we even passed a bill to deal with the pandemic or to bring  back good jobs to the United States or any of the other major issues  confronting our country, in one of his first acts as President,  President Biden decided to prioritize tearing up the so-called Mexico  City policy--a policy that rightfully bans our taxpayer dollars from  being sent to organizations that use them to perform or promote  abortions overseas.   Abortion is a very difficult and uncomfortable topic. No one can  pretend that if some 15-year-old girl is pregnant and afraid--afraid of  her parents, afraid of what others might think, afraid for her future-- that she faces an easy choice. It is not.   It doesn't feel fair, it doesn't feel like freedom to have laws that  tell people what they can or cannot do with their body, but in this  case, the challenge we have is that it is a case that puts the  fundamental rights of two people into direct conflict--the right, as  most definitely exists, of a mother to choose what to do with her body  versus the right of an unborn child to live. It  [[Page S187]]  forces us to decide which one of these two rights wins out in those  circumstances.   I personally, for one, and those who march tomorrow have chosen  life--not because it is an easy choice but because, to me, it is a  clear one because the right to live is the one right upon which all the  other rights we claim depend. Without life, there is no speech to  protect, and there is no religion to practice. Without life, frankly,  nothing else matters.   I would point out that being pro-life is not just about the right to  be born; it also means the right to live and to thrive. Once a child is  born, that child depends on their parents or whoever their guardians  are who are raising them, and they have a moral and legal duty to care  for them--not just to feed them, not just to clothe them, not just to  house them, but also to promote a safe and stable home and the chance  at a good education and a better future.   That is why I deeply believe that pro-life must also mean being pro- parent. Being a parent is the most influential role anyone will ever  have. It is the most important job any of us will ever have. That is  why I worked to and we were successful in expanding the child tax  credit 2 years ago. That is why I stand ready now to work with  President Biden to expand it even further.   I am concerned about some of the details of the policies he has  outlined. For example, his proposal appears to unfairly benefit parents  who send their children to commercial childcare over stay-at-home  parents or grandparents or other caregivers. But this is an area where  we have a common goal and one where I believe we can find a way to work  together.   It is also why I support creating the opportunity for every parent in  America to have access to paid family leave, because no one should be  thrown into welfare or debt or bankruptcy because they got pregnant,  because they had a child.   It is also, by the way, why I support school choice. In America, rich  parents can afford to send their kids to any school they want, and they  do. Upper middle class parents can move to neighborhoods with good  public schools. But it is unfair that the only parents in America who  are forced to send their children to the school the government tells  them--even if that school is failing their children--are the parents  who don't make enough money to have another option.   For 21st-century America to move closer to fulfilling our founding  principle of equality, of freedom, of fairness, every child deserves  the right not just to be born but also the right to live and to thrive,  the right not just to exist but the right to pursue and fulfill their  potential.   I believe that what is at stake is nothing less than our identity as  a nation. If we become a place where your right to be born and your  ability to succeed is determined by who your parents are or by the  circumstances of your conception, then we may remain, indeed, a rich  and a powerful and an important country, but we will no longer be a  special one.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   