 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have seen across many sectors of our  economy the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences. It has  dramatically shifted the supply and demand for lots of products in  unexpected ways.   I am on the floor today to speak about the price of lumber and the  impact the soaring costs are having on homebuilders and on home buyers.   Nationwide, construction for new homes is up 37 percent over the last  year and up 87 percent in the Midwest region, where I come from. Rising  demand for new home construction, as well as an upturn in do-it- yourself home projects during the pandemic, have rapidly driven up the  cost of lumber. As a result, since last April, overall lumber prices  are up over 300 percent.   Lumber and wood products account for roughly 15 percent of the  construction costs for a single-family home. We all work to see that  that single-family home is something that is available to Americans. It  is the American dream. But lumber accounts for the second largest  overall cost of building a new home, only behind the cost of the land  the home sits on. These increases have resulted in a $36,000 increase  in the price of a typical single-family home and a $13,000 increase in  the market value of a multifamily unit.   The reality is that record-high lumber prices are putting the  American dream of home ownership out of reach for hundreds of thousands  of potential home buyers and disproportionately harming middle- and  low-income families across our Nation.   At a time when residential homebuilding is booming, it is essential  that homebuilders and consumers have access to the materials they need  at competitive prices.   Historically, Canada has been the largest foreign supplier of  softwood lumber in the United States. These imports are vital to  support the ongoing housing boom but have been declining. These imports  have been declining over the past 4 years.   In April 2017, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced  countervailing  [[Page S2435]]  duties averaging 20 percent on softwood lumber products from certain  Canadian producers. In December of 2020, the average tariff was reduced  to 9 percent. While a reduction in tariffs for some Canadian producers  is a step in the right direction, the complete elimination of these  tariffs is necessary to provide additional relief for rising lumber  prices.   At a recent Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations  Subcommittee hearing, I raised this topic with U.S. Trade  Representative Katherine Tai and urged her to engage with her Canadian  counterpart to reach a long-term agreement on softwood lumber trade. It  is American home buyers, not Canadian lumber producers, who end up  paying the cost of these trade restrictions.   In addition to working to resolve this trade dispute, we should also  work to boost the domestic production of the types of lumber used in  home construction. Additional lumber can and should be sustainably  harvested from public lands managed by the U.S. Forest Service and the  Bureau of Land Management. Adding to the existing lumber supply and  ensuring that domestic sawmills are operating at full capacity will  help soften lumber prices.   It is important for Kansans to have the opportunity and economic  means to own their own homes. Unfortunately, the current lumber prices  are making that dream unattainable for way too many families.   Resolving the longstanding trade dispute with Canada on softwood  lumber and better managing our public lands to increase lumber  production will both help alleviate the problems facing homebuilders  and home buyers.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   