 I join with my colleague from Florida, Senator Rubio, in  calling out genocide in China. It is a terrible term describing  horrific acts in which humanity assaults humanity.   Just 7 weeks from now--7 weeks from this Friday--there is going to be  the opening ceremonies of the Olympic Games in China, and there is  going to be fancy dances by minorities from across the country. And  China will be saying to the world: See what a beautiful country we  have, with all this diversity, including people from Xinjiang Province,  the Uighurs.  [[Page S9191]]    Behind those fancy performances in the opening ceremonies, there is a  very, very ugly truth. That ugly truth is that the Chinese Government  is committing genocide against the Uighur population. More than a  million Uighurs are enslaved, and they are enslaved to produce products  for the world for the profit of China.   And I don't think anyone in America wants us to be complicit in  genocide by buying these products. That is what this bill is all about.   It is to say: Companies, when you produce things in Xinjiang, make  sure that the supply chain is investigated and is untainted by these  horrific acts.   This is bipartisan. This is bicameral. This is the best of the  American spirit. And so I strongly, strongly support passage of this  act. We passed it before. As my colleague just mentioned, we passed it  unanimously. And now we have a version that has been worked out with  the House version. It is ready to roll.   So, colleagues, let's get this done as a powerful statement of where  America stands on human rights, a powerful statement that we are  against genocide, a powerful statement that, when it comes to these  human rights principles, we stand together--Democrat and Republican,  House and Senate.   I extend my appreciation to our colleagues in the House, Congressman  Smith and Congressman McGovern. We all worked together on the  Congressional-Executive Commission on China. We held a series of  hearings to understand better not just the horrific acts that are  occurring in Xinjiang but also horrific acts that are happening in  Tibet and Hong Kong. But this bill focuses on the genocide against the  Uighurs. Let's get this done. It matters. Let's act now.     Madam President, in 1948, the world came together to  adopt the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights to declare with  one voice that every single person on Earth is ``born free and equal in  dignity and rights.'' They declared that ``no one shall be subjected to  arbitrary arrest, detention or exile''; that ``everyone has the right  to freedom of thought'' and everyone has a right to ``freedom of  opinion and expression.''   This is Yu Wensheng, a human rights lawyer based in Beijing. His  rights are being denied to him because he is arbitrarily detained after  being arrested for exercising freedom of expression and freedom of  opinion.   Yu has a history of ruffling feathers in Beijing. He is known for  criticizing the Communist Party, for supporting the ``Yellow Umbrella''  movement for rights in Hong Kong, and for taking on politically  sensitive cases. Beijing has retaliated by destroying his legal career  and making it impossible for him to practice law.   Yu Wensheng has been in Chinese custody since January of 2018 because  he dared to publish an open letter calling for political reforms, such  as holding fair elections.   The day after he published that letter calling for fair elections,  law enforcement officers, including police and armored vehicles,  confronted him while he was walking his son to school and forced him  into a police vehicle on suspicion of ``picking quarrels and provoking  troubles.'' Police had no regard for his son's safety at that moment.  Authorities later added the charge of ``inciting subversion,'' a charge  often used against human rights advocates and typically carrying a  sentence of up to 5 years.   Two years would go by before Yu was allowed to speak to his wife; 2  years before he was allowed to speak to his son; 2 years before he was  allowed to meet with his defense lawyers. During those 2 years, he was  secretly tried and convicted. In June of 2020, he was sentenced to 4  years in prison--all without any defense lawyers present, without his  family being even informed.   He suffered greatly during this incarceration. He was beaten up by a  group of inmates and sustained injuries to his head. His right hand  suffered nerve damage--damage that occurred in a previous detention-- and is now shaking so violently, he can barely use it. He has had to  learn to write with his left hand.   His appeals have been denied. He was sent to serve his sentence in a  prison 600 miles away from Beijing despite repeated requests from his  wife that he serve out his sentence closer to home so his family could  visit.   That type of action is the exact opposite of the U.N. Declaration of  Human Rights, that declaration that no one should be subjected to  arbitrary arrest, detention, or exile. This man was subjected to  arbitrary arrest, detention, and exile simply for expressing the  opinion that there should be fair elections. He is not alone.   Today, I will also highlight a Chinese journalist. Her name is Haze  Fan. She worked in Beijing for Bloomberg, covering global business  issues. Before  [[Page S9193]]  working with Bloomberg in 2017, she worked for other major  international outlets, household names like Reuters, CNBC, CBS, and Al  Jazeera.   On December 7, 2020, just over a year ago, Ms. Fan was being escorted  from her apartment by security officials. She was detained on suspicion  of endangering China's national security, although a year later, the  investigation into Ms. Fan is still ongoing, with no details of what  she is accused of or even where she is held. She was a journalist, and  a message is being sent.   Certainly, this is not consistent with the U.N. Declaration of Human  Rights that says that everyone has the right to freedom of thought and  to freedom of opinion and expression because for being a journalist,  she is being detained.   As I stand here at this moment, 127 journalists like Haze Fan are  detained in China, according to the statistics compiled by Reporters  Without Borders. It is no wonder that China is at the very bottom of  Reporters Without Borders' World Press Freedom Index, right there with  North Korea, Turkmenistan, and Eritrea.   This is what is happening in a country that just 7 weeks from now  will be hosting the Olympic Games--Games meant to be a celebration of  camaraderie, physical achievement, and lifting up the human spirit. But  it is Yu Wensheng and Haze Fan and all others like them detained by the  Chinese Government for demanding the recognition that all are ``born  free and equal in dignity and rights'' who deserve to have their  spirits lifted up. They deserve to know where the world stands. Does  the world stand with them?   Now, the United States and the United Kingdom, joined by Canada and  joined by Australia--they have declared diplomatic boycotts of  February's Games. I am very proud that the Government of the United  States has declared this boycott. They said that they will not join the  fanfare of the Games, helping China to disguise the egregious human  rights abuses against individuals like these; that we will not stand  with our diplomats at those opening ceremonies when China has stripped  the political rights of every single citizen in Hong Kong. We will not  have our diplomats there in opening celebrations, helping China cover  up its genocide against the Uighur people. But tonight, I am wondering  where the rest of the free world is.   You know, I was thinking a little bit about the history of France-- the history of France being very engaged in human rights issues. France  stood with the United States as an ally when we fought for our freedom.  France gifted our Nation with the symbol of freedom, the Statue of  Liberty, whose torch is held up to the world. France authored the  Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen not in 1990 but in  1789--one of the very first documents laying out the foundations of  human rights, defining individual and collective rights. Where is  France tonight--standing with the United States and Canada and  Australia? They are not there.    I am really disappointed to hear President Macron saying that any  such boycott would be ``insignificant.'' Do you know what is  significant? Going to the opening celebrations and helping China cover  up genocide and stripping Hong Kong of political rights. It is not just  significant and substantial, it is wrong.   France, we call on you to continue the tradition of fighting for  freedom, the tradition that led you to stand with us, that led you to  send us the Statue of Liberty, that led you to craft one of the first  documents in the world for human rights in 1789.   The Education Minister of France argued that sport should be separate  from political interference. When you put the Games in a nation engaged  in genocide, you put the athletes in the middle of the worst of world  horrors and ask them to be complicit in covering up by engaging in the  Games as if nothing else was going on.   You know, it was 1936 that the Olympic Games were held in Hitler's  Germany. He was already engaged in serious human rights violations. He  turned down those violations during the Games, and the world said:  Germany is coming back into the family of nations. We did not as a  world highlight his ongoing crimes at that time, which emboldened him  to horrific acts that followed soon upon the close of those Games. That  was a mistake, to help Hitler cover up the human rights abuses of the  Nazis, and it is a mistake for us now to help China cover up its  horrific human rights abuses.   So I call on France to join us in this boycott, this diplomatic  boycott, to say: Yes, it is too late for the Games to move. I regret  that. I called on them to be moved. But it is not too late to strip  away the pomp and circumstance of the opening Games. It is not too late  to call out the serious, egregious conduct occurring in China--not some  petty serious problem but genocide and the crushing of the entire state  of Hong Kong, the entire entity of Hong Kong, in terms of their  political rights.   France, join us, as you have over time, in standing for human rights.   