 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this  harmful methane resolution. It is just another example of this  majority's and this administration's ever-changing ``support our global  competitors at the expense of America's workers'' energy narrative.   They say they don't want to ban hydraulic fracturing, interfere with  American energy dominance, or increase supply chain dependence on  China, but with their renewed Obama-era regulations, the cancellation  of America's pipeline projects, and proposed bans on domestic plastics  manufacturing, it is clear they have an ulterior energy plan that might  as well have been written in Moscow or Beijing. And the American  taxpayer is footing the bill.   As oil and gas prices rise with our country reopening from the  pandemic, there should be an increase in new wells being drilled and  rigs being brought online to meet demand, but reports suggest this is  not the case.   Under pressure from radical environmentalists, coupled with the risks  of an uncertain regulatory environment, American oil and gas producers  are reducing drilling investments, costing jobs, and increasing the  likelihood of continued price spikes at the pump and at the grocery  store.   While Democrats continue their assault on America's hard-earned  global energy dominance, our adversaries have positioned themselves to  take advantage of America's absence at the leadership table while also  making a profit.   In just the latest example, President Biden lifted sanctions on the  completion of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, Putin's pipeline, which will  be operational soon, sending Russian gas to Europe and billions into  Putin's pocket.   While he lifts sanctions on the Russians here at home, the President  is, in effect, imposing sanctions on America's energy workers, all  without Russia or China having to lift a finger.   America's energy security--in effect, our national security--cannot  depend on President Biden's weak leadership any longer.   Mr. Speaker, you can just add this methane resolution to the long  list of President Biden's predictably terrible policy solutions. Not  only are we better than this, but we are smarter than this.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this measure.   