 Mr. President, we can be proud of the bipartisan work  the Senate has accomplished in recent years to expand veterans'  benefits. Last Congress, we made significant progress with passage of  legislation to enhance education, pensions, burial compensation, and  landmark improvements to Department of Veterans Affairs care and  services for women veterans, in addition to a groundbreaking initiative  to prevent veteran suicides.   I am hopeful we can use this momentum to continue turning legislation  into law to ensure we fill the promise our country made to the men and  women who served in uniform, as well as their families. We know that  too many veterans are being left behind because of current VA policies  that prohibit them from accessing benefits and healthcare services they  have earned.   Veterans like Bill Rhodes of Mena, AR, a marine who served in  Thailand during the Vietnam war era, are pleading with Congress to help  them get needed medical care and support. After developing illnesses  linked to herbicide exposure, Mr. Rhodes turned to the VA for help. His  claim was denied. He did his homework. He spent time looking for  documentation to support his claim and realized this is a problem that  needs a legislative fix because the Department's policies limit  benefits for Vietnam war era for Thailand service.   I am proud to join with my colleague and chairman of the Senate  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Senator Tester, to introduce  legislation to help Mr. Rhodes and veterans like him who were exposed  to Agent Orange and other herbicides while serving in Thailand during  the Vietnam war.   The VA accepts that herbicides were used on fenced-in perimeters of  military bases in Thailand, but its current policy is too restrictive.  Among other things, it prohibits veterans who worked in security- related specialties. It is reasonable to believe that veterans on Thai  bases were exposed to Agent Orange no matter what their jobs were or  where their duty stations were.  [[Page S1585]]    In an article published in the Dayton Daily News, one veteran who  served in Thailand said his barracks were along the perimeter, and at  the time of the interview, he still hadn't received benefits for his VA  claim.   The arbitrary limits on consideration of a veteran's claim to toxic  exposure are simply wrong. These misguided technicalities and  bureaucratic hurdles need to be addressed. Our bill would eliminate the  unreasonable burden placed on veterans to prove toxic exposure.   No veteran should be denied benefits due to redtape. These Americans  who served our country, and to this day are paying a high price as a  result, have been carelessly hindered by the current limitations on the  presumption of toxic exposure to Agent Orange, but they aren't  forgotten. We have an obligation to ensure they get the benefits they  are due, and I am committed to supporting their cause   I appreciate the determination and tireless efforts of Mr. Rhodes. He  said this legislation gives him some hope, but he won't be proud of his  work until the bill is passed.   I encourage my colleagues to support our legislation. I look forward  to working with members of the Senate VA Committee to eliminate the  barriers that prevent veterans from getting the care and resources they  have earned.   With that, I yield the floor.   