 Madam Speaker, I would like to begin just by correcting  the understanding, I think, from the gentleman from Kentucky, who tried  to align President Obama's temporary suspension of the Visa Waiver  Program in foreign and southern countries with Donald Trump's complete  suspension of visas.   As one of the two U.S. Ambassadors to serve in this Chamber at the  moment, I presided over 4 years of consular affairs. And the Visa  Waiver Program is when you are allowed to get into a country without  the deep background checks, without going through Homeland Security.   This is not what Donald Trump did. He suspended visas completely.   By the way, this is not about the southern border. I don't believe  there is a single Muslim country south of the Rio Grande in the Western  Hemisphere.   Six years ago, then-Presidential candidate Donald Trump argued for a  complete and total Muslim ban. Remember,  [[Page H2013]]  he didn't specify specific countries; he said no Muslims.   I quickly produced a bill, the Freedom of Religion Act, to prohibit  discrimination in our immigration system on the basis of religious  belief, and I rushed to Dulles Airport after the inauguration as the  ban was implemented, and many were stuck in limbo. I never expected  that such an openly bigoted policy would be so intentionally executed,  especially knowing the economic and reputational effects.   Billions of people around the world were stunned by this destruction  of the American ideal as a beacon of freedom.   My bill then became part of Judy Chu's very thoughtful NO BAN Act,  and I am proud to champion it. As reckless and thoughtless and cruel as  the Muslim ban is, this bill is the opposite. It is a thoughtful way to  ensure that a future President cannot simply use racism or religions  discrimination as a basis for keeping individuals from entering the  United States.   We cannot erase the dark stain on our country's history left by  Donald Trump's Muslim ban, but we can prevent it from happening again.   