 Mr. President, it is hard to believe that I am on this  floor again after losing 10 more people, this time in Boulder, CO, to  another horrible mass shooting in our State.   I am sure the Presiding Officer doesn't remember that last week,  after the events in Atlanta, I went over to his desk, and I said that  we were so sorry in Colorado for what had happened in Atlanta, and  then, just 3 or 4 days later, it happened again in Colorado.   I have spent the last day learning about the victims of this terrible  crime, and I want America to know what extraordinary human beings we  have lost in my State. Here they are.   Denny Stong, age 20. Denny was a graduate of Fairview High School, an  introverted, smart kid who loved history and model airplanes.   He had been covering shifts at the King Soopers and took enormous  pride in his role as an essential worker during this pandemic. He once  posted on Facebook, ``I can't stay home. I am a Grocery Store Worker.''   Neven Stanisic, age 23. Neven's dad said he was, ``a really good boy,  a good kid . . . a hard-working boy.''   His parents are refugees from Bosnia, who left in the 1990s to escape  the war. The reverend at their local church said: ``His family fled the  war . . . and everything they had was either left behind or destroyed.   ``They left everything to save their lives, and came here to have a  new start,'' said the pastor.   They came to America to have a new start, only to have their son's  life ended by this senseless act of violence.   Rikki Olds was 25 years old. Rikki had been working as a manager at  King Soopers for 6 years. Her family described her as a ``firecracker''  who lit up a room with her infectious giggle. Her Aunt Lori said: ``She  had a beautiful way of just being her. . . . When you're down, she just  wanted to cheer you up, just by being around.''   Tralona Bartkowaik, age 49. She co-owned a clothing and accessory  store, Umba Love, with her sister, and was a frequent presence in the  Boulder arts and music scene.   She had a deep curiosity about the world that took her on travel from  Nepal to Costa Rica. Her younger brother remembers her as ``a beam of  light.''   Teri Leiker, age 51. She was a huge fan of the Buffalos at CU, a  regular face at the Pearl Street Stampede. A friend called Teri ``the  most selfless, innocent, amazing person I have had the honor of  meeting.''   Suzanne Fountain, 59 years old. She worked for 15 years in the  Boulder Community Hospital. She loved gardening and was passionate  about music and theater. A friend described her as ``the cream of the  crop and a good person, a good soul.''   Kevin Mahoney, age 61. Kevin had worked in the hotel business but  retired early to spend more time traveling, skiing, and visiting his  daughter Erika.   After learning of her father's death, Erica wrote: ``My dad  represents all things Love. I am so thankful he could walk me down the  aisle last summer.''   Lynn Murray, age 62. Lynn was a mother of two and a retired photo  director for prominent national magazines.   Her husband John said: ``I just want her to be remembered as this  amazing, amazing comet, spending 62 years flying across the sky.''   Jody Waters, 65 years old. Jody owned a boutique clothing store named  Applause on Pearl Street Mall, where she remembered all her customers  and their favorite brands. She was a mother of two and a grandmother  who loved horses and hiking. A friend said: When Jody walked into the  room, ``she was a breath of fresh air, a light.''   Finally, Officer Eric Talley. He is 51 years old. He is a man of deep  faith and a devoted father of seven. After losing a close friend to a  DUI, he joined the police academy at age 40, just 11 years ago, to give  back to the community.   In 2013, he made headlines when he helped rescue 11 ducklings from a  drainage ditch.   Eric's father said: He ``loved his kids and family more than  anything.'' For their sake he was hoping to stay off the frontlines by  learning to become a drone operator. But when the bullets rang out, he  rushed into action, first on the scene, saving countless lives at the  cost of his own.   Officer Talley and these other folks represent the best of Colorado,  and we certainly owe Officer Talley a debt of gratitude that we will  never be able to repay.   My heart goes out to all the families and the entire community of  Boulder. We have endured too many tragedies in this State. So many  other States are the same here.   The shootings at Columbine High School happened right before my  oldest daughter was born, Caroline. She is 21 years old, and her entire  generation has grown up in the shadow of gun violence--something none  of us had to do.   I remember after a gunman in Las Vegas took the lives of 59  Americans. That Monday I came to work and realized during the course of  the day that I was having meeting after meeting after meeting, and  nobody was mentioning the massacre of 59 Americans. I don't know if it  was two or three or four of these events before that that we began to  somehow accept this as normal--that we can lose that many people and  not have a conversation about what had happened, the headlines all  moving on to the next thing.   We can't allow this to become normal, and it is not just the mass  shootings. It is the daily shootings. The Presiding Officer and I  talked about it last week, what happened in Atlanta over the last  couple of weekends, or on the West Side of Chicago. So we can't move  on.   Boulder will heal, but this scar will always be there. My daughter's  generation will always bear the burden of a national government that  did nothing to protect them. They and the children that I used to work  for in the Denver Public Schools carry a burden that we didn't carry.  They have grown up with a reasonable fear that they will be shot in  their classrooms or in their schools or at a movie theater or in any  public place.   I didn't grow up in an America with more gun-related deaths than  virtually any country in this world, and we can't accept it for their  America. I am not asking anybody here to show the courage that Officer  Talley showed or the other men and women of law enforcement who  constantly have to deal with the inability of this place's capacity to  deal with these issues. I am just asking us to show an ounce of their  courage by doing whatever we can to keep weapons of war out of our  community, to pass universal background checks, to limit the size of  magazines, and to address the epidemic crisis of mental health in this  country. It seems like that would be the least that we could do.   In the wake of one of these incidents, I heard somebody say on a  radio program that this is just the price of freedom, that these  murders are the price of freedom. What a shame that somebody would say  that and mean it. What a surrender that represents to our children and  to the victims of these crimes. What a sacrifice of their right to be  free from fear   Who are we to insist that they live terrified in their own country?  Nobody insisted that we live that way.   But our failure to act has helped create these conditions, and we  can't wait any longer. The Senate needs to act. There is nobody else to  act but the U.S. Senate.   I want to end by thanking my colleagues from Connecticut, Senator  Blumenthal and Senator Murphy, for their incredibly steadfast  leadership for long before they came to the Senate. But I remember one  of the darkest moments of my Senate career, the votes that we took  after Newtown, when that elementary school, Sandy Hook, was shot up and  20 students were killed, and this Senate couldn't even pass universal  background checks. They are here tonight to continue to make the case  that we need to act, and I want to again thank them for their  resilience and for caring about the people who lived and died in  Colorado. I am extremely grateful for their example.   I yield the floor.   