 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R.  1868, the bill to prevent across-the-board direct spending cuts.  [[Page H1594]]    It should come as no surprise to my Democrat friends. They were told  during what little process we had in the $1.9 trillion spending bill  that it was going to disproportionately hurt seniors and that it was  going to hurt farmers.   My friends were told this, and they ignored that, knowing they would  have to fix it later and drive something just as irresponsible through  now.   A disproportionate share of this $2 trillion goes to urban, poorly  run, Democrat cities and States at the expense of our rural, blue- collar Americans who feed, clothe, and protect America every day. We  told my friends this weeks ago, and they ignored it.   I am deeply concerned that the Democrats would enact a bill that adds  $1.9 trillion to an American deficit without the support of a single  Republican. Over 200 voting Members of this body had no opportunity for  input into this massively destructive package.   The Biden administration promised the American people bipartisanship  and unity. However, they unilaterally drafted and pushed this bill  through without any Republican support.    Now, the Democrats have hastily put together a bill that jeopardizes  the standing of our seniors and mortgages the future of our children.   My colleague, Ranking Member Smith, reminded the Democrats of the  consequences of such a dramatic increase in mandatory spending: a $36  billion cut to Medicare beginning in 2022. Democrats would rather cut  benefits to American seniors in rural America than give up checks to  illegal immigrants and prisoners.   The Democrats have taken advantage of the need of the American  people. My colleagues are advocating for a more responsible alternative  that would remove the wasteful spending of the Biden bailout bill and  protect the most vulnerable population. We must cut the billions of  liberal State bailouts and be sure money already authorized is spent  responsibly.   