 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Hern for his  work as chairman of the Republican Study Committee Budget Task Force  and for leading this effort. Also, I would like to thank RSC Chairman    Jim Banks for his outstanding leadership overall of the RSC.   This team has done remarkable work to try to keep money where it  belongs: in the wallets of hardworking American taxpayers.   The RSC budget proposal would balance the Federal budget within 5  years of implementation, and I am thrilled to say that it is the most  pro-life RSC budget ever.    The RSC budget would cut Federal spending by $14.4 trillion over 10  years and cut taxes by $1.9 trillion. In fact, it reduces the burden on  American taxpayers by nearly $16,000 per household.   Unlike Biden's budget buster, this budget prioritizes American  families and hardworking taxpayers.   I am proud to have served as a member of the RSC Budget Task Force,  and this budget is historic for two reasons. First, it unapologetically  and unequivocally affirms the conservative values that we were elected  to fight for. Second, it courageously addresses our unsustainable  entitlement programs, preserves and protects our commitment to  America's seniors and those nearing retirement, builds the framework  for responsible fiscal management, and secures the future for younger  generations of Americans.   The RSC budget contains many of the conservative principles that I  have fought for since my first day in office nearly 6 months ago. From  protecting people of faith from government intrusion to shielding small  businesses from the heavy hand of government regulations to putting the  needs of our students before teachers' unions, the RSC budget contains  many pieces of legislation that I have personally introduced.   This includes my ALERT Act, which would require monthly updates from  executive agencies about any rules they are working on, including the  costs to taxpayers of those regulations.   My Article I Regulatory Budget Act would restore direct, accountable  congressional control of the Federal regulatory system, as the Founders  intended, and require a budget from the President for all regulatory  costs, similar to the annual budget for other taxes and spending.   My Right to Earn a Living Act would prevent Congress from subsidizing  costly lockdown policies like those handed down by State and local  Democrat officials. As a free-market conservative, I know there is no  better way to stimulate our economy than by opening it up and turning  the American people loose. Congress cannot continue bailing out poorly  run States whose economies have been devastated by these lockdown  orders.   My Protecting Religion from Government Act seeks to preserve all  Americans' First Amendment rights by allowing citizens to sue State or  local governments that seek to prevent or regulate religious services.  Government has no constitutional authority over religion.   My Students Before Unions Act would put children first and make COVID  funding contingent upon the transparency of local teachers' unions.   My bill to repeal the Jim Crow-era Davis-Bacon Act, which requires  the Federal Government to pay the prevailing wage, would end this  inexcusable, long-held practice that drives up prices for taxpayer- funded construction and eliminates opportunities for hardworking  Americans.   Finally, my SHUSH Act would deregulate firearm suppressors at the  Federal level and preempt State laws that regulate, tax, or prohibit  the possession of suppressors. No constitutional right should be at  risk of public opinion or subject to regulatory and tax burdens.   As a freshman, I am truly grateful and humbled to have so many of my  bills included in the budget, second only to the number submitted by  RSC Chairman   Jim Banks.   At $28 trillion of debt that we have now, that equates to about  $85,000 per American citizen. Every time we recklessly and foolishly  spend another $1 trillion, that is about $10,000 per household. This is  unsustainable. The majority in this administration is, at best,  economically and fiscally illiterate and incompetent, or, at worst,  they are intentionally crushing our financial future and our very  Republic.   Our work on this conservative budget shows that it is possible to do  what the Democrats seem to find impossible: balance the budget through  practical solutions that put American taxpayers first while preserving  the values that have made this the greatest country in history.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Hern again for his leadership in  crafting this budget that deserves a vote in the House Budget Committee  and on this very floor so that the American people can see if their  Representatives are serious about fighting inflation and restoring our  fiscal sanity.   