 Madam Speaker, the FY22 National Defense Authorization  Act is a bipartisan project of enormous work both by members and staff.  As always, I start by thanking Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Rogers  and the House Committee on Armed Services' staff that worked long hours  and many, many nights putting this year's NDAA together.   I also thank the Subcommittee on Readiness Ranking Member Lamborn,  for his partnership on the subcommittee, as well as all the members of  the subcommittee who contributed to the base bill or submitted  amendments in the process.   In addition, I thank the committee's staff for their many hours of  work in preparing this mark or this legislation. In particular, the  staff of the Subcommittee on Readiness: Jeanine Womble, Ian Bennitt,  Melanie Harris, David Sienicki, Jay Vallario, Wendell White, Whitney  Verrett, and Naajidah Khan.   I am particularly proud of the many priority issues for the  Subcommittee on Readiness that are reflected in this final bill.   Of note, this bill represents a continuation of the work to address  the vulnerabilities of installations, as well as energy resiliency and  response to climate change. We also are prioritizing efforts to address  the contested logistics involving near-peer competitors.   This bill strengthens the operation energy program by requiring the  Department of Defense to create a working group to enhance integration  of military department energy initiatives into operational planning and  platform development to combat the many challenges associated with  contested and congested logistics.   It also represents a step forward in our work to ensure the safety of  our military and civilian personnel is a top priority for the  Department. The FY22 NDAA establishes the Joint Safety Council and  requires the Department of Defense to develop a plan.    The bill also takes important steps to improve the  quality of family life dealing with housing and child development  centers. Notably, $517 million in this bill for PFAS in an effort to  increase transparency and provide information. Finally, the bill takes  key steps to control the cost of expensive programs.   