 Madam Speaker, I rise today to object to a number of  States that did not follow the constitutional requirement for selecting  electors.   Madam Speaker, this is something that is clear that our Founding  Fathers debated about as a fundamental decision of how we choose our  President. There was a lot of back and forth, if anyone reads the  founding documents of our country, about the different versions they  went through to ultimately come up with a process where each State has  elections; each State has a process for selecting their electors and  sending them to Washington.   Madam Speaker, in a number of those States, that constitutional  process was not followed, and that is why we are here to object.   If you look at what the requirement says, nowhere in Article II,  Section 1  [[Page H78]]  does it give the secretary of state of a State that ability; nowhere  does it give the Governor that ability; nowhere does it give a court  that ability. It exclusively gives that ability to the legislatures. In  fact, in most States, that is the process that was followed. But for  those States, this wasn't followed.   Unfortunately, this is not new. We have seen over and over again more  States where the Democratic Party has gone in and selectively gone  around this process. That has to end, Madam Speaker. We have to follow  the constitutional process.   Now, there might be reasons why some people don't like the process  laid out by a legislative body.   Madam Speaker, I served on one of those legislative bodies when I was  in the State legislature for 12 years. I served on the House and  Governmental Affairs Committee, where we wrote the laws for our State's  elections. And I can tell you, when we had to make changes, those were  extensively negotiated. We would have people on both sides come.   Republicans and Democrats, Madam Speaker, would get together to work  through those changes, any minute change to how a precinct would  function, to how a change would be made in the time of an election,  signature requirements, all the many things that involve a clerk  carrying out the duties in each parish, in our case.   You would see people come and give testimony, Madam Speaker. Both  sides could come. Clerks of court were there in the hearing rooms.   It was an open process, by the way, not behind closed doors in a  smoke-filled room where somebody might want to bully a secretary of  state to get a different version that might benefit them or their party  or their candidate. That is not what our Founding Fathers said is the  process. Maybe it is how some people wanted to carry it out. But they  laid out that process.   So when we would have to make those changes, they were in public  view; they were heavily debated; and then, ultimately, those laws were  changed in advance of the election so everybody knew what the rules  were. People on both sides knew how to play by the rules before the  game started, not getting somewhere in the process and saying, well,  you don't think it is going to benefit you, so you try to go around the  Constitution.   That is not how our system works. It has gotten out of hand. So  President Trump has called this out, and President Trump has stood up  to it. So many of us have stood up to it.   In fact, over 100 of my colleagues, Madam Speaker, asked the Supreme  Court to address this problem just a few weeks ago, and, unfortunately,  the Court chose to punt. They didn't answer it one way or the other.  They didn't want to get in the middle of this discussion.   We don't have that luxury today. We have to discuss this. We have to  fix this.   In fact, on our first full day of this Congress, many of us brought  legislation onto the House floor to start fixing the problems with our  elections, to restore integrity to the election process, which has been  lost by so many millions of Americans. And we had a vote. Every single  Republican voted to reform the process. Every single Democrat voted  against it. They don't want to fix this problem.   But the Constitution is our guide, and it is time we start following  the Constitution. It is time we get back to what our Founding Fathers  said is the process for selecting electors: that is the legislatures in  public view, not behind closed doors, not smoke-filled rooms, not  bullying somebody that might give you a better ruling.   Let's get back to rule of law and follow the Constitution, Madam  Speaker.   