 Madam Speaker, in a radical departure from  all previous COVID-19 relief laws, the bill before us today mandates  taxpayer funding for abortion on demand. Today, the Rules Committee  refused to even allow a pro-life amendment sponsored by Cathy McMorris  Rodgers, Virginia Foxx, and Jackie Walorski, cosponsored by 206  Members.   Madam Speaker, it is shocking to learn that the methods of abortion  include dismemberment of a child's fragile body, including  decapitation, and that drugs like RU-486 starve the baby to death.   Unborn babies killed by abortion at 20 weeks or later experience  excruciating suffering and physical pain. And until rendered  unconscious or dead by these hideous procedures, the baby feels every  cut.   Mr. Biden once wrote constituents, explaining that his support for  laws against funding for abortion by saying ``it would protect both the  woman and her unborn child.''   Mr. Biden went on to say ``that those of us who are opposed to  abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.'' I agree. Most  Americans agree; 58 percent, according to the recent Marist poll.  Unborn babies, Madam Speaker, need the President of the United States  and Members of Congress to be their friend and advocate, not their  adversary.    Mr. Speaker, an analysis by the Committee  for a Responsible Federal Budget shows that approximately $1 trillion  of previously appropriated COVID-19 relief funds have not been spent.   Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker, about a trillion dollars  appropriated by Congress for COVID relief has not been spent.   Yet today, the House will vote on spending an additional $1.9  trillion.   Without so much as a single congressional hearing held with expert  witnesses--including top officials in the Biden Administration--to  probe the what, why, and how much, the House will likely approve this  massive spending package without serious scrutiny.   I'm committed and want to work in a bipartisan way to ensure that the  federal government's ongoing response to the pandemic is both robust  and responsible.   With more people getting vaccinated--meaning fewer infections and  many lives saved--it's now possible to hope that we might soon see some  improvement in the economy. The non-partisan Congressional Budget  Office (CBO) for example, projected in its February 1 report that real  GDP will return to pre-pandemic levels by the middle of this year,  2021--meaning jobs and renewed economic security.   Last year, I strongly supported, and Congress passed five bipartisan  COVID funding relief bills that were signed into law--totaling $4.1  trillion.   That included $458 billion for stimulus checks to individuals, $586  billion for expanded unemployment benefits, $68.9 billion  [[Page H848]]  for nutrition programs and a whopping $1.47 trillion for grant programs  like the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) to help small businesses and  others retain and pay their employees during the shutdown.   I would note parenthetically, that as a lawmaker who absolutely  thrives on constituent casework, my staff and I have helped solve  thousands of problems faced by the people in my district including  facilitating medicines to patients made severely ill by the  coronavirus, PPE for health workers and first responders, PPP for our  small businesses and nonprofits and more. My staff and I have left no  stone unturned in helping more than 1,500 people in my district who  have faced unconscionable delays--even denials--in obtaining the  unemployment compensation they are entitled to under congressionally  appropriated COVID funding laws. Implementation of unemployment  compensation by the State of New Jersey has been profoundly  disappointing.   Mr. Speaker, the public-private sector effort to swiftly create safe  and effective vaccines to protect against COVID has no parallel in  history.   Just breathtaking.   That's what Dr. Francis Collins, the Director of the National  Institutes of Health, recently said when asked by an Axios reporter  what the Trump Administration got right in the effort to fight COVID-19  as he gushed about both the efficacy and unprecedented speed in  approving and disseminating lifesaving vaccines.   Dr. Collins praised Trump's Operation Warp Speed and said they  brought all parts of government together in an ``unprecedented way to  test up to six vaccines in rigorous trials''.   He said that would not be the way things are traditionally done and  added: the fact that we in December had not one but two vaccines that  had gone through trials of at least 30,000 participants and had been  judged safe and effective by a very rigorous and very public FDA  process, is just breathtaking.   Meanwhile, Mr. Speaker, among the more than 200 Republican amendments  to the pending legislation that the Democrat leadership rejected, was a  proposal to increase funding for CDC COVID vaccine activities by $2  billion and earmarking $1 billion of that for teachers and school  personnel. Another amendment would have earmarked $10 billion--out of  $46 billion--for testing for teachers and school personnel. That too  was rejected.   Prioritizing teacher vaccinations will likely help keep teachers  COVID-19 free and get the schools open.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, only about 5 percent of  the school money designated for K-12 in the new bill will actually be  distributed in 2021--the rest will be spent in the outyears, between  2022 and 2028.   Earlier this month, our bipartisan group, the Problem Solvers Caucus,  released the Defeating COVID-19 Vaccine Distribution Package with $160  billion for vaccines, testing, PPE, rebuilding our National Strategic  Stockpile and other efforts so that we can ensure that more people are  protected.   We asked the House leadership that these bipartisan priorities be  moved quickly and separately. That didn't happen.   Finally, in a radical departure from all previous COVID-19 relief  laws--the bill before us today mandates taxpayer funding for abortion  on demand.   Today, the Rules Committee refused to allow a vote on the McMorris  Rogers-Foxx-Walorski amendment--cosponsored by 206 members--to ensure  that taxpayers aren't forced to subsidize abortion.   Mr. Speaker, in his inauguration speech, President Biden said that  the dream of justice for all will be deferred no longer.   The noble dream of justice for all however will never be achieved if  a whole segment of society is legally ignored, trivialized, dehumanized  and discriminated against because of where they live--in their mothers'  wombs--and how small and defenseless they are.   Where is the empathy for the battered baby-victim?   The science of human development has not changed--and, thanks to  ultrasound, unborn babies are now more visible than ever before.   Growing numbers of Americans are shocked to learn that the methods of  abortion include dismemberment of a child's fragile body including  decapitation and that drugs like RU 486 starve the baby to death before  he or she is forcibly expelled from the womb.   We know that by at least twenty weeks unborn babies killed by  abortion experience excruciating suffering and physical pain. And that  until rendered unconscious or dead by these hideous procedures, the  baby feels every cut.   All that will be subsidized by taxpayers if this bill remains  unchanged.   Mr. Biden once wrote to constituents explaining his support for laws  against funding for abortion by saying it would protect both the woman  and her unborn child . . . I have consistently--on no fewer than 50  occasions--voted against federal funding of abortion he said . . .  those of us who are opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay  for them.   I agree.   According to public opinion polls most Americans agree as well--58%  according to the most recent Marist poll--that taxpayers should not be  compelled to fund abortion.   Mr. Speaker, lives, as you surely know, have been saved by the Hyde  Amendment. More than twenty peer reviewed studies show that more than  2.4 million people are alive today in the United States because of  Hyde--with about 60,000 children spared death by abortion every year.   Over 2.4 million people who would have been aborted instead survived  because public funds were unavailable to effectuate their violent  demise and their mothers instead benefitted from prenatal healthcare  and support.   Abortion violence must be replaced with compassion and empathy for  women and for defenseless unborn babies. We must love them both.   These children need the President of the United States and Members of  Congress to be their friends and advocates--not powerful adversaries.   Ms. DeLauro. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the American Rescue  Plan.   Earlier this week we reached a grim milestone. More than half a  million people have lost their lives to the coronavirus pandemic, which  is the greatest public health and economic crisis of our generation.  Families are struggling to put food on the table, to stay in their  homes, to find good paying jobs and affordable childcare.   Facing this continued urgency, we have a duty to pass real relief for  the American people. This package makes long overdue investments to  expedite vaccine production and distribution, and it meets this moment  by delivering substantial financial relief to working families,  including an expanded and fully refundable Child Tax Credit.   The hour may be dark, but we can be the light forward. We must be. I  urge my all my colleagues to pass this rescue plan.   