 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Arkansas for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to division E that  would prioritize funding for critically important U.S. Forest Service  initiatives, to mitigate safety hazards, to reopen and rehabilitate the  Sequoia National Forest following the devastating SQF Complex fire.   Giant sequoias are the largest trees in the world. Some tower over 26  stories high and grow wider than a city street. They can only be found  growing naturally on the eastern slopes of the Sierra Nevada mountain  range in California, including in my district, in the Sequoia National  Forest.   Last August, the SQF Complex fire burned over 170,000 acres,  primarily in the Sequoia National Forest, after being ignited by  lightning. A preliminary interagency report, led by the National Park  Service, estimates that this fire killed ``10 to 14 percent of all  large sequoias across the tree's natural range in the Sierra Nevada.  This translates to an estimated loss of 7,500 to 10,600 large  sequoias.''   In modern history, we know of no other time to have this much  devastation. In fact, the ninth largest giant sequoia, the King Arthur  Tree, is still on fire to this day, almost one year later, and may  ultimately die because of this fire.   These losses are devastating, both environmentally, and for the  communities. The giant sequoia and redwood capture more carbon than any  other tree.   But communities like Porterville, Three Rivers, Springville,  Kernville, and Lake Isabella depend on the revenue from tourists coming  to see the giant sequoia groves.   Following the fire, the U.S. Forest Service closed a large portion of  the Sequoia National Forest in Tulare County because of public health  and safety concerns, such as falling burned trees and mudslides.  Addressing these safety concerns is critical so the forest can be fully  reopened as quickly as possible.   My amendment supports over $13 million for three initiatives in the  Sequoia National Forest.   First, mitigating public safety hazards so the burn area can be  reopened to the public;   Promoting ecological restoration activities; and   Supporting activities to reduce the risk of future catastrophic fires  from killing additional giant sequoias.   If you check, to this day, they believe there are only 5 percent of  the giant sequoias on Earth still alive.   I have spoken with the Sequoia National Forest supervisor and have  been assured that all of these actions are or will be reviewed under  the National Environmental Policy Act and will be conducted consistent  with the Giant Sequoia National Monument Management Plan and the  Sequoia National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan.   These ancient giants, some of which are nearly 2,000 years old, must  be protected so they can continue to inspire  [[Page H4068]]  and amaze future generations. Funding through my amendment would help  ensure this so the public can once again see these breathtaking trees.   I want to thank Ranking Member Granger and Ranking Member Joyce for  their work to protect our natural resources.   Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of my amendment to division F to  prioritize funding for the VA's Readjustment Benefits account for the  Veteran Employment Through Technology Education Courses program, also  called the VET TEC program, in fiscal year 2022.   I was very proud to introduce the original VET TEC Act back in 2017,  after hearing that veterans could not utilize their GI Bill benefits  for nontraditional, technology-oriented nanodegree courses. After  speaking with veterans in my congressional district and across this  country, it was apparent there was significant demand from veterans  interested in utilizing their GI Bill benefits for these types of  classes.   From these conversations, the VET TEC pilot program, which allows  veterans to apply for and enroll in nontraditional, technology-oriented  classes, was born. Now, over 2 years into the 5-year VET TEC pilot  program, I am proud to say over 3,000 veterans have participated in it,  with 90 percent of these veterans graduating from these programs and 72  percent attaining employment in their chosen field of study. On  average, graduates of the VET TEC program have an annual starting  salary of over $59,000. That is approximately $25,000 more than the  average salary in the United States.   Since its launch in 2019, over 44,000 veterans have applied to  participate in the VET TEC pilot program. That is far outstripping  current funding. These numbers paint a clear picture: VET TEC is a  popular and a successful program, and I believe that Congress should  fund this program at its fully authorized level of $45 million in  fiscal year 2022, which my amendment seeks to do.   Even with this funding, the VA estimates it will need $80 million  more for this program to keep up with the current demand. I look  forward to working with my colleagues in the House to increase the VET  TEC program's authorization in the future.   Think about that, Mr. Speaker. Here are men and women who served  their country that can use the GI Bill for nontraditional technology  classes. In today's world, that is the workforce we need. They jump  ahead. They get paid more than the average American. But the desire and  the need and the applications are much greater than we fund. I think we  have a responsibility here.   I want to thank House Veterans' Affairs Committee Ranking Member  Bost, Congresswoman Miller-Meeks, and Congressman Khanna for joining me  in offering this amendment and for tirelessly advocating for the VET  TEC program.   I also want to thank Ranking Member Granger and Ranking Member Carter  for their work to support our Nation's veterans.   