 Mr. President, I want to address an opportunity that we  have in this body to fix a flaw in a provision in this infrastructure  bill.   I want to thank my colleague from Oregon and our colleague from  Wyoming. The three of us have been working on this, and I really hope  we get this done. I am going to insist on having a vote on this.   Let me just give a little context here. So we are all aware of this  new category of assets some describe as currencies, which are also  called cryptocurrencies. And this is a fascinating development.  Actually, some have been around for some time now, but they have come  into the public eye in a much, much bigger way in recent years--very  recent years.   And while sometimes we think of this as some kind of unit of value  that is traded and has some pretty spectacular volatility sometimes,  for me, while that is very interesting, what is much more interesting  is the underlying technology and what that might make possible. I am  still trying to understand. I am still on a steep learning curve about  all the possibilities of the distributed ledger technology, the  methodology by which cryptocurrencies can be exchanged without an  intermediary. There is no bank that the money has to go through.   It is an amazing and fascinating technology where individuals  scattered around the globe actually validate the legitimacy of a  transaction and it becomes immutable. And there is a permanent record  in some cases. There are other models where it is different. But this  is an amazing technology. It has tremendous potential.   We had a hearing in the Banking Committee just last week, at my  request--the chairman agreed to a hearing--where we talked about some  of the use cases for this underlying technology, and we heard some  amazing things.   So the most common activity now is trading in these digital  currencies, whether it is Bitcoin or Ethereum or others. There are  many, many of them. And that is the biggest single activity, but there  are very, very important and interesting additional use cases that are  occurring.   One of the things that I am fascinated by is the potential to have  this dispersed mechanism for validating ownership. Think of all the  amount of time and money and effort we spend on all kinds of  transactions where, ultimately, we are trying to validate someone's  ownership: the title to their house, the title to their car, your  ownership of the stocks that you bought from your broker.   We have developed very expensive, actually, and sometimes time- consuming processes by which we do this. This can all be done on a  blockchain. This can all be done almost instantly, at almost no cost,  and I think that this is the direction that we are going to be heading  in.   That is just one example. There is another whole category that is  fascinating to me, which is what people refer to as programmable money.   Think about it, programmable money; what is that? Well, here is a  great example that we heard at our hearing from a witness who works for  a company that actually provides these kinds of services. But here is  an example. You know, one of the things that has always been a  challenge is, how do you ensure that, say, a person who has a copyright  is properly compensated when that copyright is used in one form or  another?   I used to have a restaurant. And when we played music in the  background to create a certain ambiance in our restaurant, how do you  make sure that the people who have the copyright on those songs gets  paid properly for that? I will tell you, it is a terrible system. It is  completely arbitrary, and there is no precision to it. There is no way  to monitor it.   Well, how about an idea where you have a programmable capability  where, if I listen to a music app on my iPhone, for every second of a  particular artist's music I listen to, it automatically sends a  corresponding tiny fraction of some currency to the person who owns  that copyright? That is completely doable in the context of this kind  of technology.   I just mention these two things just to provide a little, tiny  glimpse and illustration of the kinds of amazing things that I think  this underlying technology is capable of, and it is likely going to  change the way we do an awful lot of things in the coming years.   I say that as background because in this legislation, there is a very  reasonable intent, but I think the drafting doesn't get it quite right.  The intent is to say: for those exchanges, for those places where  people go to buy and sell cryptocurrencies--and there are centralized  exchanges where that happens every day in huge, huge volumes--we want  to require these exchanges to have the same kind of reporting  requirements that a conventional broker would have when a security is  bought.  [[Page S5913]]  So, in other words, we want the folks who run the exchange to report  the name, some identifying number--maybe it is a Social Security  number--the dollar amount. And all of this is because people buying and  selling these cryptocurrencies are generating capital gains and losses.  It is an asset. If you sell it later after a gain, you should have to  pay a capital gains tax on that asset, depending on how long you have  held it. If you have lost money on it, then you ought to be able to  take that loss against gains that you may have elsewhere.   It is completely reasonable to have a provision that requires the  reporting of the transaction. That, I think, is the intent of this  legislation. But, unfortunately, the way it got drafted, to my reading,  and to--I am certainly not alone; I think this is almost universally  acknowledged--the language would impose this reporting requirement on  people involved in the cryptocurrency world who don't even have the  information about the person making the purchase or the sale.   So, for instance, it might very well be interpreted to impose this  reporting requirement on the miners, the people who are involved in the  arithmetic process by which you validate transactions. They don't even  know the names. They have a numerical representation of the  transaction. They don't know who is buying it. They have no idea. They  have no way of knowing. So it is not a reasonable--not an even slightly  reasonable burden to impose on them.   That is one little example of how badly flawed this language is. It  wasn't intended that way. The good news is, it can be fixed. And  Senator Wyden and Senator Lummis and I have come up with language that  fixes this problem. It would make sure that the reporting requirement  on a centralized exchange, the folks running that who have this  information, would, in fact, have to report it. They don't right now.  There is no statute. There is no regulation that requires that. This  would require the reporting.   And the industry is fine with that. They recognize that they should  have to report this. But they also recognize that it should only be  imposed on people for whom it makes sense, right? The people who  actually have that information. So our amendment addresses this. It  fixes this. It solves this problem. I think it achieves the intent. And  we are having a little trouble getting the ability to offer this as an  amendment here on the Senate floor on this bill.   I am not here to ask that we simply adopt it by acclamation. I  welcome debate and welcome a vote, but we ought to be able to have a  vote. We absolutely should have this debate and have a vote before we  go ahead and impose this requirement. And if we were not to adopt this  amendment, then we could be doing a lot of damage. We could have a very  chilling effect on the development of this technology, and that is what  I am most concerned about. That is what I want to avoid.   This technology is very, very exciting. It has tremendous potential.  And the last thing we should do is allow a flawed drafting exercise to  have this chilling effect on the further development of this  technology.   I see the Senator from Oregon is here on the floor, and I want to  thank him for his leadership on this effort, for his work. He and I, I  think, have a very similar way of viewing this. And if he would like to  make some comments, I will yield some time to him    Reclaiming my time.   I want to thank my colleague from Oregon for his thoughtful  leadership on this.   I thank the Senator from Wyoming. Senator Lummis, is on her way down.  She is going to join us, as she has been an integral part of this  effort to just correct this.   This is a big deal in a number of respects. I would point out--I want  to stress, right now there is no statutory reporting requirement in  this whole space. There is no regulatory requirement. I don't think you  could have a regulatory requirement without a statute authorizing it.  [[Page S5914]]    So this is a big deal. It would require the companies operating these  exchanges to report this financial information so that it dramatically  enhances the likelihood that capital gains taxes would be collected.  This provision scores as a source of revenue because it increases the  likelihood of compliance.   I don't know why anyone would object. I am not aware of any objection  of the substance of this on my side of the aisle. I know Senator Wyden  has like-minded folks on his side of the aisle.   It is really important that we not overreach, that we not do this  wrong. We have not gone through the ordinary process for developing tax  legislation. Tax legislation is notoriously complicated and difficult  to get exactly right and prone to unintended consequences.   Normally, we have hearings in the Finance Committee. We get input  from all kinds of experts. We make drafts. We circuit the drafts. It is  a long process to make sure you get it right. This has gone through  none of that, zero.   What we are trying to do is say let's restrict this to where it  belongs, let's clean this up the best we can.   You know what?   This space is changing. A year from now, there will be new  innovations we haven't thought of, that probably nobody has thought of,  and we will probably have to go back and revisit this. What we wouldn't  want to do--shouldn't want to do--is have an overly broad mandate, a  reporting requirement on people who can't possibly comply with it  because they don't have the information. We wouldn't want to impose  that and have a stifling impact on the development of a really, really  exciting and potentially powerful new technology. That is what this is  about.   As I said earlier, I am going to insist on having a vote on this. I  don't know why we wouldn't win by a big margin since, after all, we are  just ensuring that we get the intent of this legislation rather than a  miscarriage of it.   As the Senator from Oregon pointed out, Senator Portman from Ohio,  who has worked so long and so hard on this infrastructure bill,  supports us getting a vote on this. He supports the amendment that we  have drafted.   I am hopeful that this is going to pass. I will be insistent that we  get our vote. That is something we ought to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   