 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill,  H.R. 1443, the LGBTQ Business Equal Credit Enforcement and Investment  Act.   I want to thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry for  their support. As the ranking member noted, we did make concessions to  address his concerns about the legislation.   In the United States there are 1.4 million LGBTQ businesses,  contributing more than $1.7 trillion to the American economy. We have a  vested interest in sustaining and strengthening these businesses with  equal access to credit, which is the beating heart of the American  economy.   As a former New York City Council member, I partnered with the  National LGBTQ Chamber of Commerce to establish the Nation's largest  municipal certification program for LGBTQ business enterprises,  enabling those businesses to enjoy equal access to a $25 billion pool  of government procurement.   The legislation before us, H.R. 1443, builds on a foundation laid by  several statutes and regulations. The Equal Credit Opportunity Act,  most commonly known as ECOA, prohibits credit discrimination, including  but not limited to sex discrimination. A new interpretive rule from the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB, clarifies that ECOA's  prohibition against sex discrimination applies to sexual orientation  and gender identity.   Section 1071 of Dodd-Frank, which exists to enable and enhance the  enforcement of ECOA, requires financial institutions to report  information about the race, ethnicity, and sex of credit applicants who  serve as principal owners of small businesses.   My legislation would expand the 1071 reporting requirements to  include not only sex but also sexual orientation and gender identity.  In doing so, it would enable antidiscrimination enforcement where none  might exist.   Even though the United States has made substantial strides toward  LGBTQ equality, the mission is far from accomplished. Seventy percent  of the LGBTQ community remains unprotected by antidiscrimination laws.  When it comes to credit in particular, according to the Williams  Institute, more than 7.7 million LGBTQ adults live in states that offer  no protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation or  gender identity.   It is often said that knowledge is power. Knowledge affords us the  power to detect discrimination that might otherwise go undetected. Take  as an example the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, which is analogous to  the legislation before us. Both the National Community Reinvestment  Coalition and Iowa State University reviewed data from the HMDA and  found that same-sex couples were denied loans at higher rates than  heterosexual couples despite having comparable creditworthiness. It  also found that those same-sex couples paid higher fees and interest.  The experience of HMDA tells us that sunlight can be a powerful  disinfectant against discrimination.   H.R. 1443 would make credit more accessible, credit laws more  enforceable, and creditors more accountable. It would represent a  triumph of transparency in the service of economic opportunity for all,  regardless of who you are and whom you love.   