 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we emerge from the coronavirus  pandemic, we have a real opportunity to revitalize American  manufacturing and harness American leadership in scientific and  technological advancement. Today I urge my colleagues to support  critical, bipartisan legislation that will do just that.   The United States Innovation and Competition Act will help keep our  country on the cutting edge of technology, strengthen American  competitiveness on a global stage, and protect our national security.   International competitors like the Chinese Government are  aggressively investing in manufacturing, science, and technology in an  attempt to gain a competitive advantage over the United States, and we  cannot let that happen. In order to maintain our edge, we must make  serious investments in domestic research and development, technology,  and manufacturing.   We know that a strong manufacturing sector is the backbone of any  economy. I have long believed that you cannot be a great country if you  don't make things. This bill contains a number of provisions to help  revitalize and strengthen American manufacturing.   A provision in this bill that Senator Stabenow and I led will provide  $2 billion in new funding for the domestic production of mature  semiconductor technologies that are absolutely critical to the  automotive industry and other manufacturers all across our country.  This provision is essential because our reliance on overseas  semiconductor manufacturing is a threat to our economy and to our  national security.   We are currently experiencing a semiconductor shortage that is  causing massive supply chain disruptions and has idled plants in  Michigan and other States across our country, forcing auto  manufacturers to shut down factories and lay off workers. This is a  completely unacceptable situation, and we must immediately work to  address this challenge.  [[Page S3857]]    Boosting manufacturing in Michigan and across the Nation requires a  comprehensive Federal strategy to help companies grow our domestic  manufacturing base. That is why I authored a provision in this  legislation to reactivate the Manufacturing Advisory Council and worked  to increase funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership  program, a program that helps small- and medium-sized manufacturers  grow their companies and create jobs. Together, these policies will  help strengthen our manufacturing sector, advance our economic  competitiveness, and create good-paying jobs.   The United States Innovation and Competition Act also helps ensure  that when we are spending American taxpayer dollars, we are investing  in American manufacturers and creating American jobs.   As chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  Committee, I was proud of our committee's efforts to include several  bipartisan provisions in this package that will strengthen ``Buy  American'' requirements. These provisions, including one based on a  bill Senator Stabenow and I introduced, will ensure that American  taxpayer dollars are being used to buy American-made products and close  loopholes that have allowed the use of Chinese- and Russian-made steel  rather than using U.S. steel. Growing good-paying jobs in America must  always be our focus, and passing this bill will do just that.   This package also includes a provision to secure our supply chain and  address the serious national security risks posed by our overreliance  on companies in China and other countries for medical supplies.   During the pandemic, we saw firsthand how our country's overreliance  on foreign manufacturers for critical supplies, such as personal  protective equipment, left us unprepared to combat the pandemic and  cost American lives.   This bill takes important steps to address that, thanks to a  provision I worked on with Senator Portman to encourage investments  that will expand domestic production of personal protective equipment  here in the United States.   These provisions and so many more will help us unleash American  innovation, lock in our competitive advantage, and grow our economy,  but that alone is not enough. We must also protect our advantage. That  is why our committee worked to include critical provisions in this  legislation to strengthen cyber security and protect against  increasingly sophisticated efforts by adversarial governments and  criminal organizations to steal our research and intellectual property.   Cyber attacks pose a significant threat to our national security, and  cyber attacks have significant real-world consequences. We saw this  with the recent Colonial Pipeline attack. This bill includes provisions  I authored to strengthen the Federal Government's capabilities to  prevent and respond to a significant cyber incident, creates a fund  that can help entities recover from serious breaches, and strengthens  our Federal cyber workforce, therefore ensuring our workers have the  skills and knowledge to build a competitive advantage and secure our  networks from these attacks.   From spurring advancements in artificial intelligence to securing  taxpayer-funded research and intellectual property from adversaries who  try to steal it, this legislation takes significant steps to help  ensure American companies and workers will continue to lead the way in  developing the technologies and economy of the future.   The process we followed to write this legislation shows that when we  work together in a bipartisan manner, we can tackle the biggest  challenges facing our Nation. I am grateful to my colleagues for all of  their hard work, and I look forward to continuing to partner with our  House counterparts to get these important provisions signed into law.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   