 Mr. Speaker, it is not unusual for Congresswoman  Demings to lead and bring us together. I want to congratulate and thank  her for her service in the past and now.   Mr. Speaker, during this devastating pandemic, our Nation's law  enforcement officers have stood heroically on the front lines, keeping  communities across America safe. Our police have risked their lives and  the lives of their families every day they go to work. Many have made  the ultimate sacrifice.   Since the start of the pandemic, we have lost over 464 officers,  including 298 to COVID-19. In New Jersey, 15 officers have perished,  including 13 to the virus.   In my own district, we lost Paterson police officer, Frank Scorpo,  who was only 34 years old and left behind a wife and two young sons.   We lost Detective Anthony Lucanto, a 24-year veteran of the Paterson  Police Department, who died of cancer tied to his heroic efforts at  Ground Zero. Anthony leaves behind his wife and three children.   Our hearts bleed for all of our fallen officers and their families.   As the co-chair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, I was  proud to champion legislation signed into law to ensure those families  of officers fallen to COVID-19 are guaranteed public safety officer  benefits. But more must be done to support families of officers who  make the ultimate sacrifice.   Earlier this month, we introduced the bipartisan Protecting America's  First Responders Act. Our bill will guarantee first responders and  their families get their owed benefits without delay or red tape. I  hope it gets passed.   I wish I could say support of law enforcement is fully bipartisan,  but I can't. Incredibly, when we passed the latest Capitol Police  budget, 50 of our colleagues on the other side voted ``no.'' Thank God  for those who did vote ``yes.''   When we voted to certify the Presidential election, hours after  terrorists attacked the Capitol, 138 Members on the other side voted to  throw out the election. 138. These votes are a slur on the Capitol  Police and the officers across America who have given their lives.   This last year has been a difficult one for all communities, but  unbearable for our men and women in uniform. They have protected us at  our lowest moment. The least we can do is protect the benefits they  have earned and stand by them.   Let us move what was started almost 20 years ago, community policing,  so we protect our police and we encourage trust in them day in and day  out. God bless our country.   