 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to strongly object to this Soviet-style  rules package. If you look at some of the things that are being laid  out here, it is all designed to take away the voice of 48 percent of  this House Chamber.   This is the people's House. It is one of the great things that we  celebrate about serving in the United States House of Representatives,  a privilege for each of us who took that oath yesterday to represent  roughly 750,000 people, to bring their ideas, their hopes for America,  to this House floor, to debate the things that they believe in, that we  believe in, that we want to fight for.   We don't always agree. We don't always see eye to eye on what that  is, but the beauty is we get to bring those ideas here, have that  debate here. Yet, the rules package is attempting to strip that away,  to yank away more rights for hundreds of millions of Americans to be  represented on this House floor.   That is not who we are. That is not what the House of Representatives  is all about. Yet, that is what will be voted on in this rules package.   Just look at the motion to recommit. Now, if the majority were  allowing us, Madam Speaker, to bring amendments to the floor on a  regular basis, you might not need a motion to recommit. But less than  20 percent of all amendments allowed on the House floor in the last 2  years were Republican amendments, less than 20 percent when we  represent almost 49 percent of the Members of this body. That is not  what an open, democratic institution is about. That is unbecoming of  the House of Representatives. Yet, taking away that ability shows that  the majority wants to shut down the debate of the other side, wants to  shut down the voices not just of us but of the millions of people all  across this country we represent.   Think about the move to get rid of paygo, pay as you go, which had  been a hallmark of Speaker Pelosi's majority. She gets rid of that on  things like debating the Green New Deal. What does that tell you? That  tells you that, number one, they plan on bringing the Green New Deal to  the House floor, but they also know that it would have devastating  consequences on American families. The hardworking people--in fact, the  ones who would be hit the hardest by it--are low-income families who  would end up paying thousands of dollars more in household electricity  costs. They want to hide that so they get rid of paygo so you don't  have to show what the cost to hardworking families would be for radical  ideas like that.   This is not who we are. I am a proud husband, a proud father of a son  and a daughter. They don't even want you to be able to say that  anymore.   Let's open up the people's House to real, honest discourse and  debate. Let's debate our differences and settle them here on the House  floor, not try to hide the views of 48 percent of this country.   I oppose this Soviet-style rules package.   