 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman,  my good friend from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), for yielding and for her  tremendous leadership on so many different criminal justice issues,  including with respect to this particular piece of legislation. I thank  the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Bishop) for his  support as well.   I rise to support H.R. 546, the Effective Assistance of Counsel in  the Digital Era Act, a critical bipartisan bill to protect the  constitutional right to effective representation. This legislation  passed the House last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to pass it  once again today.   The Sixth Amendment to the Constitution provides that in all criminal  prosecutions, the accused shall have the assistance of counsel for his  or her defense. An attorney must be fully informed about the facts of  the case in order to effectively represent a client  [[Page H560]]  and provide the best possible legal advice and guidance. That is why  confidential communication between attorneys and their clients is so  critical and why the attorney-client privilege must be protected.   In Lanza v. New York, the Supreme Court stated that even in a jail,  or perhaps especially there, the relationships which the law has  endowed with particularized confidentiality must continue to receive  unceasing protection.   There are nearly 124,000 individuals currently in BOP custody, many  of whom are in pretrial detention and have not been convicted of a  crime. In our system, defendants, American citizens, are innocent until  proven guilty. Like any person involved in a criminal proceeding, these  individuals who are incarcerated must be able to confidentially  communicate with their attorneys.   The bipartisan Effective Assistance of Counsel in the Digital Era Act  would enable incarcerated individuals to communicate with their legal  representatives privately, safely, and efficiently by prohibiting the  Bureau of Prisons from monitoring privileged electronic communications.   While BOP regulations do protect the confidentiality of in-person  attorney visits, phone calls, and traditional mail, no such protections  exist in the context of email communications sent through the BOP's  electronic mail system. This system, known as TRULINCS, has become the  easiest, fastest, and most efficient method of communication available  to incarcerated individuals and their attorneys.   Let's consider the alternatives. Even a brief client visit can take  hours when you factor in travel and wait times. Confidential phone  calls are perhaps useful, but they are subject to time limitations and  can be difficult to schedule even for urgent legal matters. Postal mail  must first be opened and inspected by staff for physical contraband,  which can significantly extend the time it takes for the communication  to reach an incarcerated individual.   These delays should be unnecessary in a prison system that permits  electronic communications and would be available if the attorney-client  privilege was consistently applied.   To address this serious problem, H.R. 546 would require the Attorney  General to ensure that the BOP email system excludes from monitoring  the contents of electronic communications between an incarcerated  person and their attorney.    The BOP will be permitted to retain the contents of  these messages until the incarcerated person is released, but they  would be accessible only under limited circumstances.   The bill is supported by a wide variety of groups, including the  American Bar Association, ACLU, Americans for Prosperity, Dream Corps,  Due Process Institute, National Action Network, Prison Fellowship,  Right on Crime, Faith and Freedom Coalition, FAMM, Federal public and  community defenders organizations, and so many others.   I want to thank all the sponsors of this bill, most particularly  Representatives Van Taylor, Jerry Nadler, Tom McClintock, Don Bacon,  Nancy Mace, and Sheila Jackson Lee, as well as Dan Crenshaw and Dusty  Johnson. This has truly been a bipartisan journey.   Our criminal justice system depends on the attorney-client privilege  to ensure effective representation. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on H.R. 546.   