 Mr. President, first of all, it is great to be on the  floor with my friend Jeanne Shaheen and talk about something positive,  something that we have been able to accomplish over the years--as she  said, we have been at this over a decade--which is to encourage more  energy efficiency. This is the ability for us to save energy by not  using it. It is, therefore, sort of energy found. It is also an ability  to improve the economy because it creates more jobs and makes us more  competitive globally by having lower energy costs.   Think about the businesses in your State. The competitive nature of  business today is that you are really competing with the Europeans and  the Japanese and the Chinese and so on, and if you have higher energy  costs and you are not energy efficient, you are not going to be  competitive.   But if you are competitive, it adds jobs and makes the economy  stronger. So the way I look at it, if you are interested in lower  emissions and a better environment and, at the same time, you are  interested in a better economy and creating jobs, then energy  efficiency is the low-hanging fruit. That is the thing we can all agree  with.   I applaud Senator Shaheen because she has been patient. We have both  been patient, as our staffs have been, over the years, in getting  pieces of our legislation in various bills that have passed this U.S.  Senate and the House of Representatives and been signed into law by  President Obama, President Trump, and now President Biden.   The most recent one was the infrastructure bill, and it is exciting  what we were able to get in there in terms of encouraging a better,  more sustainable use of our energy resources in both the public sector  and in the private sector.   Importantly, energy efficiency is also a part of a more reliable and  resilient grid, which was part of our legislation: improving the  electrical grid.   We have had some pretty severe weather events over the last year, as  you know. I was just in Kentucky over the weekend, my neighboring  State, helping out on the cleanup there. And, boy, electricity was out  everywhere.   By improving energy efficiency, we can reduce demand, taking pressure  off our power grids, and help create more stability.   These are some of the reasons why, since 2011, we have worked  together to promote this energy efficiency bill called the Energy  Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act. Senator Shaheen called it  Portman-Shaheen. I call it Shaheen-Portman because she is in charge  now. The Senate is in the Democrats' majority, not ours. But we have  worked together seamlessly. It has really been nonpartisan.   And, again, our goal has been, really, three different areas. One is  residential and commercial buildings, because that is where we use a  lot of energy. About 40 percent of the energy used in this country is  used there.   Also, to ensure that the Federal Government does a better job. The  Federal Government uses more energy than any other entity in the entire  economy. By the way, it uses more energy than anybody in the world. And  they don't do it very efficiently. In fact, there is a lot of energy  inefficiency in our Federal Government.   So practice what you preach, right? So you have the government  telling everybody else they have got to be green, but the government  itself is not green. So our legislation requires that the Federal  Government take steps to make it more energy efficient as well.   And then, finally, the manufacturing sector. Here is where there is a  great opportunity, and manufacturers are really excited about it  because we can provide some incentives, some best practices, and so on  to make them more competitive globally by improving their energy  efficiency.   We have created a big tent through this process, joining forces with  our colleagues over the years for the purpose of supporting these kind  of commonsense energy efficiency measures. A number of Senators who  have had important parts of our legislation include Senator Wicker,  Senator Bennet, Senator Collins, Senator Manchin, Senator Hoeven, and  others--Senator Murkowski.   Our legislation has been voted on by this body before. In 2016, it  passed the U.S. Senate. It also passed out of the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee five separate times with bipartisan support.   By the way, in 2016, the vote was 85 to 12. Now, it was part of a  larger energy package, but that was a pretty strong sign of bipartisan  support for this. And it improved energy efficiency, in that case, in  leased office space and improved energy savings from water heaters, as  an example.   However, we have long recognized we need to do more to be able to  save energy and save money. According to the U.S. Energy Information  Administration, residential and commercial buildings accounted for 40  percent of total energy consumption. In addition, reports from the U.S.  Department of Energy have found that the Federal Government, again, is  the single largest energy consumer in the country. And those studies  have shown that our legislation as a whole would save consumers $51  billion on energy bills, reduce carbon emissions by 1.3 billion tons-- not by hurting jobs--by creating more jobs because it would add more  than 100,000 jobs to the economy.   Over the years, our legislation has gained the support of industry,  such as the National Association of Manufacturers, American Chemistry  Council, and U.S. Chamber of Commerce. It has the support of commercial  and real estate developers like BOMA and the Real Estate Roundtable, as  well as from efficiency advocates and the environmental community like  the Alliance to Save Energy, called ACEEE.   There is not a lot in Washington these days that has such a broad  group of stakeholders supporting it. But there is a reason this  legislation has received such broad support. It reduces emissions by  reducing energy consumption. It also creates new jobs and lowers energy  bills for consumers. And it does all this without putting any new  mandates on the private sector. Particularly now, at a time of record  inflation and rising energy costs, investing and improving energy  efficiency is a smart way to help support hard-working families in Ohio  and around the country.   The good news is that now, with the bipartisan infrastructure bill  signed into law, we are much closer to seeing the benefits for the  American people become a reality. The infrastructure bill, which we  coauthored along with a bunch of our colleagues, included a total of  $2.5 billion for various energy efficiency projects. Included in these  critical investments are a number of our provisions from Shaheen- Portman.   For example, we were able to include and fund programs to help  incentivize contractors, homebuilders, and others to adapt and  implement updated building codes. We were also able to fund programs  that will help career skills development to help us train a workforce  able to develop and install important new energy efficiency  technologies. That has been one of our challenges.   For example, we include funding to enhance the Industrial Assessment  Centers Program at the Department of Energy. This program allows  students from around the country to conduct  [[Page S9199]]  energy assessments and small- and medium-sized manufacturers to improve  their competitiveness, reduce waste, save energy, while at the same  time training students in the field.   By the way, it is these kinds of small changes and upgrades that can  result in big emissions and cost savings for businesses all around the  country. So I am truly proud of what we have accomplished, including  the infrastructure bill most recently.   Again, I want to thank my colleague Senator Shaheen for her tireless  work to get this legislation across the finish line--again, energy  efficiency, the low-hanging fruit. I look forward to continuing our  partnership on these important issues.   