 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2225,  the National Science Foundation for the Future Act.   Mr. Speaker, I have been increasingly alarmed over the last few  months at the foreign-based attacks on our Nation's infrastructure.  Several weeks ago, the attack against Colonial Pipeline disrupted the  supply of gasoline throughout the East Coast. Also several weeks ago,  the computer attack against JBS meat processing threatened to disrupt  our Nation's food supply.   Mr. Speaker, the reason these are particularly concerning to me as a  computer scientist is the data that indicates that we have seriously  underinvested in our computer science workforce over the last several  decades, particularly compared with other countries.   This bill is a very meaningful step toward solving that problem. It  would roughly double the NSF's investment in basic scientific research  over the next few years, particularly in fields like computer science.   It includes a bill that I sponsored, H.R. 3844, the Fellowships and  Traineeships for Early-Career AI Researchers Act, that would make  meaningful investments in new fellowships and new traineeships to  enable the next generation of Americans to become educated and skilled  in the field of artificial intelligence.   Another bill that we are considering on the floor tonight, the  Department of Energy Science for the Future Act, would continue those  investments. It includes another piece of legislation that I authored,  the Next Generation Computing Research and Development Act, that would  make meaningful investments in exascale computing and next-generation  computing capabilities.   Mr. Speaker, taken together, this legislation will attempt to address  the problems that have plagued computer science and technical education  in this country.   Mr. Speaker, no discussion of this legislation would be complete  without some praise for the bipartisan path that this legislation has  followed. This legislation is bipartisan. It includes meaningful  contributions from both parties. It is deliberate. It has taken place  over the course of more than a year.   Mr. Speaker, it is inclusive. It includes input from hundreds of  different industry and academic institutions.   Mr. Speaker, this is the path that legislation in this Chamber should  follow.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support H.R. 2225.   