 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before the scheduled rollcall vote.    Madam President, I rise today to recognize and thank  three long-serving aides who have served my office but more importantly  served our Nation proudly, and they are now moving on to the next  chapters of their lives.   First, Chris Gillott. Chris Gillott was my legislative director and  for 8 years has been my right-hand person on policy. He never failed to  take the ideas we discussed together and craft the actual policy needed  to make a meaningful difference in the lives of folks in Louisiana and  the lives of all Americans.   He was a master at navigating the partisan divide to find areas of  consensus upon which we could build to advance real solutions. I was  always struck that he was on a first-name basis with the legislative  director of--and fill in the Democratic Senator's or the Republican  Senator's name. You have a sense that in the era before Zoom calls,  they would go out and have a beer on a regular basis, and that helped  us tremendously.   We saw this fully on display recently as Chris was a central figure  in the so-called 908 Coalition, which jump-started stalled COVID relief  packages. And it wasn't just the relationships between the Senators  but, again, as I said, between the different legislative directors from  both parties in all offices.   His efforts were also central to passing legislation to ban surprise  medical billing--a more than 2-year effort that will have a direct and  positive impact on the pocketbooks of American families. He was crucial  in our effort to make healthcare more affordable and pass generational  tax reform. For every major legislative pursuit, I could rely upon  Chris.   What many in Louisiana may not know is that he has also been a  central figure engaged in some of the most pressing issues affecting  our State, including offshore energy production, revenue sharing,  energy regulation and permitting, the National Flood Insurance Program,  and public works related to flood protection. These are all important  to the well-being of our State and the folks who live there, as well as  our entire country, and all these were regularly under assault.   Chris was a fearless advocate for energy production and for the jobs  that energy production creates to not only help meet America's energy  needs but to meet the individual families' financial needs. He has been  on the frontlines to prevent changes to revenue sharing that would gut  the money used in my State for hurricane protection, flood mitigation,  and coastal environmental renewal. He has defended the National Flood  Insurance Program to ensure that this critical lifeline remains  accessible to people across the country and, importantly, to those in  Louisiana.   Thank you, Chris, for all you have done for me and for those of  Louisiana.    I yield the floor.   