 Madam President, I know the speeches on the other side  have gone a little longer than we expected, so I ask unanimous consent  that I have time to complete my statement on the continuing resolution  and national debt, which will be relatively short.    Madam President, today, the Senate will hold a vote to  allow for the consideration of a temporary, stopgap measure to keep the  government funded through December 3. The measure also provides $28  billion to help States ravaged by hurricanes and wildfires, like  Hurricane Ida that recently tore through both the South and the  Northeast. It provides critical assistance to Afghan refugees who fled  the Taliban in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan.  Finally, it will raise the debt ceiling to December 2022, including the  $8 billion of debt that was incurred under President Trump.   Now, this shouldn't even be a close call. A government shutdown, if  we had one, would needlessly cost the taxpayers billions of dollars-- billions of dollars--throughout our country. It would throw hundreds of  thousands of people out of work. A government default would be  catastrophic. And that is all completely avoidable.   Yet, in the wake of the deadliest pandemic our country has seen in  over 100 years and in the wake of natural disasters that have left a  trail of death and destruction, the Republican leader and his party  have decided to play a dangerous game of political brinksmanship. They  have chosen--and it was a free choice on their part--to withhold their  votes and prevent this bill from even being debated, threatening to  shut down the U.S. Government--the U.S. Government--and have it default  on its debts for the first time in the history of our great country.   I think that is the height of irresponsibility and callousness. It is  also pretty hypocritical, because who pays the price for this political  brinksmanship? Not the Republican leadership careening us towards  disaster but the American people. A government shutdown has serious  consequences for people just trying to make ends meet--support their  families, live their lives.   Important food and nutrition programs--SNAP and WIC--would dry up in  a matter of days, leaving millions of Americans in the wealthiest  Nation on Earth without the help they need to put food on the table.   Also, I look at our Nation's schools that are struggling to reopen  after a pandemic. Assistance to those schools would be delayed.   Then we look at our public health response to the mental health and  substance abuse crisis. That would be severely hampered. And we cannot  forget that we have an epidemic of drug overdoses in this country  happening alongside the COVID pandemic.   The Small Business Administration that provides so much assistance to  our Nation's small businesses--I believe, as I said many times on this  floor, that small businesses are the backbone of the American economy-- would be forced to close the door.   More than half of the CDC would be furloughed just weeks after COVID  deaths passed the grim toll of the 1918 pandemic in our own country and  right before the start of the annual flu season.   These are just a few examples of the needless pain a government  shutdown would cause.   As painful as a government shutdown would be, the consequences of  defaulting on our debt for the first time, the first time in American  history--that is even worse. The government of the wealthiest country  in the world would not have funds to operate, meet its obligations, and  pay its debts.   The last time we even toyed with such an irresponsible idea, the  credit rating of the U.S. Government was downgraded for the first time  in history, and, boy, that cost every American, directly or indirectly,  money. It certainly hurt businesses all over our country.   If we were to default on our debt, then the women and men of the  military would be handed IOUs in exchange for their bravery defending  our country; Social Security checks that people earned and rely on to  survive would stop; and the economy would take such a hit from which it  would be hard to recover. The stock market would no doubt take a dive  and then put millions of Americans' lifetime savings at risk. All of  this as we are still recovering economically from the last 18 months of  a global pandemic. And for what? So Republicans can make campaign  commercials claiming they are the party of fiscal responsibility and do  that with a straight face? Come on.  [[Page S6692]]    While President Trump was in office, U.S. debt increased by $8  trillion--$5\1/2\ trillion alone since we last raised the debt ceiling  under President Trump. Incidentally, on that one, because it was so  important to the country, there was bipartisan support for it.   Republicans' irresponsible tax cut for the wealthiest Americans is  partly to blame, but Democrats still supported the Trump administration  when it needed to raise the debt limit to account for the resulting  bills because, if we did otherwise, everybody in this country was going  to be hurt. It would have been irresponsible. It would have been  dangerous for the U.S. economy.   The argument made by my colleagues that Republicans will not support  raising the debt limit because they are not going to support the tax- and-spend policies of the Democrats--well, it is probably just as well  that many people wear masks these days because it hides their smiles,  because that argument does not hold water. The bills they falsely claim  to be socialist bogeymen have not even passed Congress, let alone been  signed into law, and they are going to be fully paid for. In 2017, my  friend the Republican leader chose not to take that path when  Republicans passed a massive tax cut--massive tax cut--for the  wealthiest in this country, and that was not paid for.   Raising the debt limit is about meeting obligations our country has  already made, and many of those obligations were made under President  Trump. So playing political games with so much on the line--that is as  irresponsible as it is irrational.   The bill before us today provides a path out of this made-in- Washington crisis--a path that could help all of our country. It can  fund the government through December 3. It can raise the debt limit  through December 2022. It could provide relief to communities all over  our country that have been devastated by natural disasters and provide  assistance for the brave Afghans who supported our mission through two  decades of war.   So we really have an off-ramp from this crisis. I wish my colleagues  would take it. Vote to advance this bill. Stave off an unnecessary  crisis. Put the American people first, ahead of the party. That is  actually, I think, a pretty simple choice.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.    I have listened to this debate. I have also listened to my  two dear friends from Louisiana speak about the disaster recovery, and  I support disaster recovery for that. But I would just point out that  on the proposal of the Republican leader, there would be no funds in  the Treasury to pay for disaster recovery or for writing a check to  Israel for the Iron Dome because it doesn't raise the debt limit.   And the substitute offered by my friend, introduced by my dear friend  the vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Shelby, does  not solve the problem in front of us. It doesn't address the looming  debt crisis facing our Nation, so it ignores that that exists.   Now, perhaps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to  wash their hands of this. They can. Much of that debt was incurred  under a Republican President and under a Republican-controlled Senate  and debt racked up by irresponsible tax cuts championed by the  Republican Party for the wealthiest of Americans. And, yes, debt also  occurred in a bipartisan fashion to deal with multiple crises that  faced the Nation: Disaster assistance in the wake of hurricanes and  wildfires keep getting worse every year because we don't combat climate  change; COVID relief to keep this country from careening head first  into economic disaster in the wake of a worldwide pandemic; historic  levels of support and investment in our Nation's military and our men  and women in uniform.   And to try to put this all at the feet of President Biden's Build  Back Better agenda, a yet-unpassed reconciliation bill that is not the  law--it hasn't been passed--is ridiculous. We are talking about debt we  already incurred, not spending in the future.   And as my Republican colleagues know, we expect to fully pay for  those investments. They may not like how we are going to offset the  spending, but that is what the legislative process is for, to debate  them. At least we are willing to pay for the bills we incur, which is  more than could be said for the Republicans when they pushed a massive  tax cut for the wealthy that was not paid for.   So let's stop this political brinksmanship. Let's secure the full  faith and credit of the United States. Let's pass and increase the debt  limit. To do otherwise puts our country and our economy at risk.   The substitute also scales back the assistance provided to Afghan  refugees that was included in the House-passed bill.   Now, I was pleased when we reached bipartisan and bicameral agreement  of $6.3 billion in the House-passed bill for much needed assistance for  the brave Afghans who supported our mission through two decades of war.  It is our duty; it is our obligation to support them.   But the substitute bill they are seeking to pass would shorten the  length of time we provide assistance to thousands of Afghan women and  men who fled to the United States to escape the wrath of the Taliban-- food, medical care, housing, basic things they need.   The bill also eliminates their right to obtain a REAL ID-compliant  U.S. driver's license, yet we want them to go out and seek jobs.   How are they going to do that if they can't drive?   There shouldn't even be a debate. I could give a dozen more reasons,  but I know people are ready to vote, so I object.   