 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H. Con. Res. 44 provides for an annual joint hearing  of the House and Senate Budget Committees to hear a presentation by the  Comptroller General of the United States reviewing the findings of the  audited financial statement of the Federal Government.   I serve both on the House Budget and the House Rules Committees, and  I am an original cosponsor of this legislation. It is long past time  for the congressional Budget Committees to hear from the Comptroller  General, who is the head of the Government Accountability Office. This  should be done on an annual basis about the fiscal state of our Nation.   We already hear annually from the executive branch through the head  of the Office of Management and Budget. To complement this information,  we should also hear an unvarnished, nonpolitical perspective from the  head of Congress' legislative support agency about the many factors  contributing to the Nation's debt and deficit in order to develop sound  fiscal policies and meet our long-term debt and deficit reduction  goals.   Unfortunately, we are in the middle of a spending crisis, with well  over $1 trillion in taxpayer money spent largely on partisan  priorities, and the bad news is there is more on the way. The financial  effect of this spending on the Federal Government's balance sheet may  not be fully realized for several years. It is imperative that we keep  close tabs on how our revenues, spending, and debt level are faring.   Congress receives information piecemeal from the executive branch and  from the legislative support agencies, so we should have a  comprehensive, data-driven analysis and presentation to ensure that our  fiscal policies are, in fact, working to ensure the financial health of  our Nation, not just in the next 2-year cycle, but for decades into the  future as well.   While the legislation before us today was introduced by my Democratic  colleague from New York (Miss Rice), it is rooted in the Joint Select  Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform from the 115th  Congress chaired by my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. Womack).   This is clearly not a partisan issue, as the legislation has more  than 100 cosponsors from both parties. Financial success and longevity  begin years before they are realized. We must not be reckless with our  Nation's financial future now, and the best way to ensure that is to  enact the Fiscal State of the Nation Resolution.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H. Con. Res. 44, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Smith), who is the respected ranking member of the House  Committee on the Budget.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Womack) in order to continue the lectures, and who is a  valuable member of the Appropriations Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   So, Madam Speaker, in closing, this legislation will provide the  congressional Budget Committees with an unbiased, analytical  understanding of the audited financial statement of the Federal  Government.   We know problems remain in completing this audit, as the Department  of Defense has yet to receive a full financial audit opinion. To ensure  that this statutorily required audit is achieved and to gain a  comprehensive understanding of the financial health of the Federal  Government, we certainly must pass the Fiscal State of the Nation  Resolution.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of the resolution, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   