 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Dr. Francis Collins, the Director of the  National Institutes of Health, will retire this month after serving as  the Director since 2009. That will be 12 years in one of the most  challenging jobs in Washington, maybe even in the world.   Dr. Collins served under three Presidents in that job. No other  person has served under more than one President. During that 12 years,  certainly there had been amazing advances in healthcare.    As a Washington Post reporter put it, and this was a quote from his  article, ``News that Francis Collins is stepping down as Director of  the National Institutes of Health is a bit like hearing that Santa  Claus is handing off his reindeer reins.'' This is the time of year to  think about that.   When he announced his retirement earlier this year, it was certainly  followed by a flood of comments from the scientific community. They  used words like ``brilliant,'' ``national treasure,'' ``smartest man in  any room,'' ``beloved,'' and ``gentleman.'' I would also echo those  words. I think I would add, from the great opportunities I have had to  work with him and spend time with him, ``straightforward,'' ``kind,''  ``respected.'' By the way, he never seems  [[Page S9179]]  to need to act like the smartest person in any room even if and when he  is.   You know, throughout the 12 years he has been Director, he has made  countless contributions to biomedical research and public health. Under  his leadership, the NIH started groundbreaking research programs like  the BRAIN Initiative, which is aimed at revolutionizing our  understanding of the human brain, and the All of Us Precision Medicine  Initiative, which is a historic effort to try to tailor medical care to  the individual, and we see that is where medical care is going.   As the Director of the NIH, Francis presided over the creation of the  National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences, which translates  basic science discoveries into cures. He started the Cancer Moonshot  and the Accelerating Medicines Partnership and increased investment in  Alzheimer's and opioid research. He also steered the U.S. Research  Enterprise during a once-in-a-lifetime infectious disease pandemic.  Without his vision and leadership, we may not have been able to develop  and deliver several FDA-approved COVID vaccines, COVID therapies, and  diagnostic tests in less than a year.   We wouldn't want to forget that this wasn't the first major health  challenge that Dr. Collins navigated us through. He also led the  responses to the H1N1 flu outbreak in 2009 and to the 2014 and 2015  Ebola outbreak. It does sort of make you wonder why he was still there  when this pandemic came along, but, again, we are fortunate that he  was.   His impact on health and healthcare really didn't start when he  became the NIH Director. In fact, before becoming Director, he made  significant contributions to the research field of genetics. He  codiscovered the gene that causes cystic fibrosis, and he found genes  for Huntington's disease and type 2 diabetes.   Maybe his most significant scientific contribution was to head the  Human Genome Project, which mapped and sequenced the full human genome  for the first time. That monumental effort has allowed scientists to  unlock some of the great mysteries of human life. It has created the  potential to develop treatments and cures for some of our most serious  diseases. What it has really done is to have allowed us to begin to  think about personalized medicine--realizing that every person is  different than every other person and that everybody has the capacity  to fight back against any disease that challenges them. Usually, the  disease can quickly overwhelm that capacity, which is why the addition  of immunotherapy and the addition of personalized medicine are such  critical tools for today.   His work had a tremendous impact at the time, and it will have an  even greater impact. We can see that impact as we move forward and look  at how we need to look at personalized medicine. All of this has been  accomplished in a way wherein very few scientists, I think, could have  had the articulation of vision that Francis has to share it in a way  that people can not only begin to understand these concepts but buy  into the concepts.   Certainly, one of the proudest accomplishments I had in the Senate  with him was in working to increase NIH funding. When I became chairman  of that committee 7 years ago, we had a 10-year stagnation, really, in  funding. In working with Senator Durbin, who was here earlier this  morning and talked about Dr. Collins--I tried to grab, to join, that  moment but couldn't--and with Senator Alexander and Senator Murray on  our side of the building and many others and in working with  Congressman Cole and now-Chairwoman DeLauro of the Committee on  Appropriations on the other side, we just decided we were going to make  NIH research a priority and, over the next 7 years, increase funding by  43 percent at a time when so many things were happening so quickly.   Francis Collins, of course, not only was part of sharing that goal  but, frankly, was also part of saying: Don't come up with a goal where,  when you get there, you are going to stop. Let's keep moving forward as  long as we are making the kinds of scientific advances that we know the  country needs to make and the world needs to make. And we are doing  that.   Finally, he may be remembered the most in many cases for the hope he  just has been able to bring to patients and communities. He is a  physician. He is a scientist. He has been the Director of NIH, as I  said, for 12 years. But part of his real ability is the ability to  share who he is and to share the potential of science.   During the time of COVID, we saw Francis coming up with songs and  other ways to really focus on the pandemic and the way we need to  respond to that pandemic. He is an incredibly skillful person. His  legacy, I think, will live through generations of researchers. He has  inspired the countless lives he has touched. His impact will be felt  for a long time.   I just want to say, on behalf of all of my colleagues--all of whom  have been part of that progress of making NIH and health research a  priority--thank you, Francis, for your leadership, for your friendship,  and for your public service.   