 Madam Speaker, today, Donald Trump said the insurrection  took place on November 3. No, Mr. Trump. I am sorry. That is what we  call an election in America; an election that was validated by more  than 60 Federal or State courts, including before eight judges  nominated to the bench by President Trump himself, and all the way up  to the United States Supreme Court, all of them rejecting every claim  of electoral fraud and corruption that was advanced.   We know an insurrection when we see one in this body, because we  lived through one. Under the banner of this continuing and deranged big  lie, the Stop the Steal movement brought down a violent insurrection  against this Congress in an attempted coup against Vice President Mike  Pence. They interrupted the counting of electoral college votes for the  first time in American history. They caused the worst attack on  Congress since the War of 1812; and they injured and wounded more than  140 police officers, Capitol Police officers, Metropolitan Police  Department officers, and others, breaking their noses, breaking their  necks, breaking their vertebrae, breaking their arms, breaking their  legs, breaking their hearts and their spirits.   We are investigating the attack on American democracy because we are  Americans. We are investigating the attack on Congress by domestic  enemies of our Constitution because we are sworn to do so by our oaths  of office.   But now, the big lie has become a big coverup. After being impeached  twice by the House, after losing in 61 different courts, after seeing a  57-43 vote against him in the U.S. Senate, in the most sweeping  bipartisan Senate Presidential conviction vote in American history,  Trump now tries to get his followers, like Steve Bannon, not to testify  here and not to turn over evidence that they have about this vicious  assault on American democracy.   In America, when you are subpoenaed to testify in court or in  Congress, you show up, period. You can invoke your Fifth Amendment  privilege against self-incrimination to specific questions if you think  you committed a crime. You can claim executive privilege to specific  questions if you think you are President of the United States. But you  cannot blow off a subpoena in America. You cannot sit on your couch and  defy the people's representatives in Congress.   So we must enforce the rule of law here, my colleagues. We must do  it. If you act deliberately, with sneering, cavalier contempt for the  American people and their representatives, we will hold you in  contempt. We will get to the truth of the violent assault on America.   