 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the Senate floor today in  recognition of an anniversary of sorts. My late father, Rex Lee, died  25 years ago today after an extended and heroic battle with cancer.   I prefer to remember my dad not as someone who was ill but someone  who was full of life and healthy for most of his life--in fact, his  entire life, even while battling with a significant illness.   Rex grew up in the small town of St. Johns, AZ. It is a really,  really small town. In fact, we used to joke that he may have been 21  years old before he realized that the true name of the town wasn't  ``Resume Speed.'' It was a little dot along the highway in eastern  Arizona. It was a place that he loved, and it was a place where he  learned to love those dear to him and close to him, a place where he  was taught in school and in church, where he learned to serve his  fellow beings.   He attended Brigham Young University as a freshman in the fall of  1953, somewhat under protest. He had wanted to attend the University of  Arizona, like his cousins Mo and Stewart Udall before him.   His parents told him: You can go wherever you want, but your first  year needs to be spent at Brigham Young University in Provo, UT.   He went there and was immediately smitten with the place and  commenced a relationship that would extend for the rest of his life and  would significantly impact his life in many, many ways.   Halfway through college, he left to serve a 2\1/2\-year mission for  The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Mexico. During that  time, to say he became fluent in the Spanish language and the Mexican  culture would be an understatement. It was a fluency that never really  left him.   While I was a missionary many decades later, he used to write me  letters in Spanish, and even after I had been speaking and studying the  language for some time, I knew I had to keep my Spanish dictionary  close to me when I read letters from my dad, written in his adopted  native tongue, Spanish.   While serving as a missionary there, he briefly met Janet Griffin,  whom he would later marry and who was my mother. Janet was the daughter  of an employee of the U.S. Embassy, the U.S. Treasury Attache in the  Mexican Embassy.   While they didn't interact much then, they reconnected when they were  both back at Brigham Young University about 6 or 8 months later. It  wasn't exactly love at first sight for my mom, but it was for my dad.  They went on to have seven children together, and I am grateful that  they did. I am the fourth of those seven.   My dad ended up going to law school at the University of Chicago. As  it  [[Page S1495]]  turned out, the law suited him well. He liked it, and it liked him  back. He ended up finishing first in his class at the University of  Chicago. He clerked at the U.S. Supreme Court for Justice White.  Shortly after that, he joined the Phoenix law firm of Jennings, Strouss  & Salmon and represented clients, both big and small, individual and  corporate, mostly civil but also some criminal cases.   But he loved the law. He loved the opportunity that he had to  represent clients. He loved the challenge that each case brought him.  He loved the opportunity to digest large volumes of information and  condense it down into a single legal brief and then into a single oral  argument that he could present in court.   His enthusiasm was so intense that once in a while a judge would pull  him aside afterward and ask him why he was so intense about the case,  and he would respond by saying: OK, I will try to dial down the  intensity next time.   Little by little, he became more conversant in court, never to the  point of being chatty or inappropriately familiar, but at a point where  he felt he was able to have a conversation with the judge and able to  communicate to the judge the facts and the law of the case in a simple  way.   As they were raising their seven children, there were a lot of things  that were unexpected in life, including seven very loud, rambunctious  children; including the fact that one day, as he was practicing law in  Phoenix, he got a phone call informing him that Brigham Young  University would be opening a law school and they wanted him to be its  founding dean. I was just 1 year old at the time.   That is how my family ended up in Utah. We ended up being connected  to Brigham Young University basically for the rest of my life ever  since then.   My dad, in addition to serving as the dean of BYU's law school,  served as the Assistant Attorney General during the Ford  administration, over the Civil Division of the Department of Justice.  And during President Reagan's first term, he served as Solicitor  General. This is when I had my first real exposure to the law.   I found during that era of my dad's service that I could miss school  once in a while if I asked my parents if I could just go with my dad to  court. He would go into court, and it felt a little bit like sitting in  an extended session of church in a different language. It may not sound  exciting, but I was impressed by the majesty of the whole event. As  much as anything, I was impressed by how much my dad generally enjoyed  being in court and making arguments. He had a way of making it fun.   After serving as Solicitor General of the United States, he went back  to BYU and resumed his teaching career while simultaneously continuing  to argue cases in front of the Supreme Court as a private practice  litigator.   It was during that period of time, in June of 1987, that my father,  while at the peak of physical condition, an avid runner and marathoner,  got the news that he had stage IV non-Hodgkin's T-cell lymphoma, a  pretty deadly and advanced form of cancer. With a young family still at  home, this hit us pretty hard. We were afraid that we were going to  lose him.   Through the able help of some excellent doctors and as a result of a  fortuitous set of circumstances culminating in him receiving some  experimental treatment then going on at the National Cancer Institute  and the National Institutes of Health, they were able to prolong his  life, and he lived nearly another 9 years. They put him into remission  within a few months, very nearly losing him in the process, but then he  came back.   He had some of the best years of his life after that bout with  cancer. It was just a couple of years after that that he was asked to  serve as president of Brigham Young University. I still remember this  happened shortly after I had been accepted as a freshman at BYU, just  as I was graduating from law school.   Later that summer, as I was preparing to enter as a freshman at BYU,  I got a letter in the mail. The letter was signed by my dad. It was a  letter that welcomed me to the university and then ended with the  words: ``I look forward to meeting you on campus this fall.'' So I put  it on the refrigerator with a Post-it note, saying: ``Dad, thanks so  much for the really personal note.''   My dad had a great sense of humor, and notwithstanding his love of  law and his professional accomplishments, at home, he was just our dad  and our friend. In fact, calling him just our dad doesn't really even  do it justice. He was someone who had so much energy and enthusiasm for  life.   When we were little kids, he would come home from work, and we played  a great game. We called it ``run around dad,'' and we didn't know that  that wasn't necessarily an entertaining game. We didn't know that it  probably wasn't that fun for him, but we would run around him, and he  would figure out ways to trip us, and it was hilarious every single  time it would happen. My mom would watch patiently in the corner,  realizing that after four or five trips, someone was going to cry, but  it all worked out OK.   Our dad taught us to work hard. He taught us to be kind to each other  and to others, and he did that not just through the profession of his  faith with words--and there was that. Of course, he was a devoutly  faithful father and husband, and he taught us to pray and to read and  love the Scriptures, but he also taught us those things through his  very actions.   I remember when I was a boy and decided that I wanted to set up a  small business enterprise shoveling driveways, and after a couple of  particularly heavy snowstorms, I wasn't sure whether I could complete  all of the jobs that I had. He offered to be my indentured servant. I  graciously offered to pay him, but he said: No, this one is on me. You  are not going to pay me. You can get paid, in fact, for the fact that I  am going to work for you. It was a fantastic deal. It was one of my  favorite memories of my life because he had a lot of other things to  do, but he chose to help me, not just to teach me to work but also so  he could spend time with me, and it was a lot of fun.   He loved amusement parks. He loved roller coasters, and he loved  being really, really exceptionally, unusually, embarrassingly loud  while going down said roller coasters. He loved to ride, and he loved  every aspect of it, even when he knew how it was going to end.   As my brother Tom once remarked, recalling the circumstance in which  my brother Tom had asked my dad for the name of a particular tool that  my dad was using while assembling a swing set, he said: Dad, what is  that?   My dad looked at it and couldn't tell whether it was a wrench or  something else. It was a specialized tool used only for a swing set. My  dad said to him: I don't know what it is called, but when you need one  of those, nothing else will do.   Tom later remarked, that same description can be used of my dad.  There is not really a single word that you can place to describe him,  but when you need one of him, nothing else will do.   During most of the last 6\1/2\ years of his life, he was serving as  president of BYU. He stayed exceptionally busy. He even managed to  argue a case or two in front of the Supreme Court every single year he  was serving as president of BYU, even though during most of that time  his cancer had come back. It had come back in a slightly different  form--slower growing but less treatable.   Notwithstanding the pain that he was enduring and the discomfort  caused by the treatment, he never lost his optimism, the zeal for his  work, or his love for his family. He was such a blessing to all of us  to watch him go through that. We didn't feel sorry for him as much as  we should have, but part of the reason we didn't feel as sorry for him  is that unless you really paid attention, you couldn't tell he was in  pain. He didn't complain about it. It certainly didn't slow him down,  not at least until the very end.   I will always remember, as if it were yesterday, the moment when I  took him to the hospital for what I feared would be the last time, and  indeed it was. Just a couple of weeks before his death, I was in my  second year of law school, and my mom and my wife let me know that  things weren't going well and I needed to go and help my dad get to the  hospital.   As we were wheeling him into the hospital that day, I could hear him.  He was almost unconscious. Once we got him into the hospital, they put  an oxygen mask over him. His voice was muffled, but he was muffling  something. I  [[Page S1496]]  listened closely, and because I was, by then, a second-year law  student, I recognized some of the legal vernacular that he was using,  and I quickly discerned, based on some of his appellate briefs that I  recently had read, he was preparing for what he hoped and expected and  genuinely believed would be his next argument before the U.S. Supreme  Court. And I thought: Way to go. There to the bitter end, he is ready  for what is next. He is ready to stand for vindicating the interests of  his client and for doing his job and doing it well.   At no moment during any of this, notwithstanding his service in  education, in government, and the practice of law, and his extended  church service as a lay minister in my faith, did I ever feel that we  were neglected as a family. To be sure, he was gone a fair amount of  time. He was a busy man, but when he was home, he was 100 percent home.  He was all in. He loved--or at least if he didn't love it, he at least  had us convinced that he loved being at home and loved working with his  kids, studying with them, and helping them with their homework.   When someone serves you that well, that faithfully, and that  consistently over that many years, it has an effect and a very positive  one. To this day, I still, from time to time, hear his words echoing in  my head reminding me to do things as best as I possibly can do them;  reminding me, as a lawyer, when you are in court, when you have won  your case and you know you have won it, he said sit down and don't say  another word; reminding me that when you have got a choice between a  ten-cent word and a three-dollar word, choose the ten-cent word every  time if it will do the job; reminding me to be kind to others and that  you will never regret doing so. He reminded me to give others the  benefit of the doubt. Those are things that stick with all of us.   So I know I speak certainly for myself and for my siblings--Diana,  Tom, Wendy, Stephanie, Melissa, Christie, and my mom Janet--that we  miss him. The State of Utah and the Western United States and the  United States of America is a better place because of the fact that he  was here. I will never forget, on the morning of March 11, 1996--again,  exactly 25 years ago today--I saw the Sun rising over the Wasatch  Mountains to our east in Provo, UT. It was at that moment when I  realized that it would likely be the last time the Sun would rise with  my father on the Earth. The Sun has risen and set on that same mountain  range many, many thousands of times since then, but we remain better  off for the fact that he was here.   If he were here, I would tell him: I miss you, Dad. I love you, and I  thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   