 Madam President, it is an honor to speak after Senator  Leahy, who has served his country and his State for over four decades.   This debate is really about one simple question: Are we going to do  whatever it takes--whatever it takes--to get our country through a  once-in-a-generation crisis?   We did that in March, a year ago. We haven't done it since. Now is  our opportunity.   I joined some of my colleagues today at the White House to talk with  President Biden about the urgency--the urgency--to get this done, to go  big, and his plan that will finally start to make real progress against  the pandemic and make a real difference in people's lives.   The American people made it clear in this election: They want a  government that is on their side. It is our chance to deliver for them.   We know we can. As I said, we did it last spring. We came together  across the aisle. We passed the CARES Act. We expanded employment  insurance, and we provided direct stimulus checks. We kept--and this is  remarkable in the midst of a pandemic--13 million people in this  country out of poverty. It gave tens of millions more peace of mind  with a bit of a cushion to weather this crisis.   Think about that. Congress came together. Government did the right  thing, and 13 million people were prevented from falling into poverty.   But then, as you know, what happened is, because we didn't act in May  and June, in July and August, that help started to fall away, and  thousands of people every single day in Milwaukee and in Cleveland and  around this country, in Racine and in Dayton--thousands of people a day  fell into poverty.   So my colleagues now say we have done enough. Well, tell that to the  92 percent of Americans who haven't gotten a vaccine yet. Tell that to  the parents who wonder when it will finally be safe for their kids to  go back to school. Tell that to the laid-off restaurant worker in  Madison, wondering if she will be able to pay rent and pay the electric  bill. Tell that to the busdriver in Columbus, wondering if she is going  to lose her job.   We are the wealthiest country on Earth. Doing the bare minimum simply  isn't good enough.   Slowly vaccinating people--when we know we are facing a new, more  contagious virus variant--isn't good enough.   Letting our economic recovery limp along instead of roaring back  isn't good enough.   Luckily, we have real leaders who aren't willing to settle for less.  President Biden is already doing everything possible to ramp up vaccine  production, to get new COVID tests on the market. He promised 1 million  vaccines a day for the first hundred days of his Presidency. We are  exceeding that number. It will help keep people in their homes. It will  help keep workers from losing their jobs.   We need to give the President and our leaders in States all over the  country every tool we can. Our plan puts money directly into people's  pockets with the expanded stimulus checks, with tax cuts for workers  and families, and through the expanded earned income tax credit and  child tax credit.   As chair of the Banking and Housing Committee beginning tomorrow, I  am committed to keeping a roof over people's heads, giving a lifeline  to small businesses, keeping our buses and subways running, keeping  workers on the job, and giving President Biden every tool possible  through the Defense Production Act to get more vaccines to more people.   Our plan will help us dramatically expand American manufacturing. The  [[Page S298]]  Presiding Officer has led the Senate on ``Buy American.'' We will do  more of that through the Defense Production Act. We will produce  vaccines and PPE and more and better tests. We will help State and  local communities and prevent layoffs and service cuts.   Essential workers--and a grocery store worker in Southwest Ohio told  me several months ago: You know, they call me an essential worker, but  I feel expendable because they don't pay me enough and they don't  protect us on the job.   That has to change. Essential workers need help. They need buses and  subways to get to work, to hospitals and grocery stores. We need those  transit systems running and running safely. We need to keep busdrivers  and construction workers on the job and on the job safely.   Our plan will give more support to small and minority-owned  businesses. We know the biggest corporations have done better than ever  during this pandemic. Amazon, Walmart, Comcast--all the big guys are  doing just fine. They pretty much always do no matter what is happening  with the rest of the country. They have paid their shareholders. They  have done stock buybacks. But we have seen restaurants close in our  neighborhood, some that have been operating for decades. We watched  corner stores and drycleaners shut their doors. Small businesses are  hurting. Our plan will not only keep PPP going, it will expand access  to capital for the small entrepreneurs fighting for their dreams now.   Our plan will keep families from losing their homes. It will help  them pay their bills and keep the heat on and the lights turned on. In  December, 1 in 10 homeowners reported being behind on their mortgage.  For Black, Latino, and Asian homeowners, that number is one in six. One  out of every five renters in this country is behind in their rent. For  Latino renters, it is one in four. For African-American renters, it is  one in three.   Think about the daily stress that puts on people. They go to work  every day. They are not paid enough. They are not sure they are safe at  work. They come home, anxious about passing on this virus. They have to  worry about paying their rent. They have to worry about food for their  kids. They have to worry about whether the schools are open so kids can  go there while they are trying to balance their workload. We have to do  everything we can to alleviate that stress.   A moratorium on evictions and on foreclosures helps keep people safe  in the short-run, but there is simply not enough for all the people who  are behind with no way to catch up. Thankfully, we have had moratoriums  on evictions. They haven't always worked. They work most of the time.  But every month that moratorium stops you from being evicted is another  month that you owe rent when the time comes. We know that.   Economists estimated that renters already owed $57 billion in back  rent by the end of January. That is twice the aid we provided for  renters in December. So the package that most of us voted for helped a  lot in December, but it is clearly not enough. That is why President  Biden, the Senate, and the House have to go big. How could we let  millions of families lose the homes they love or get trapped in a  downward spiral of debt, all because of a virus far beyond any one  person's control   So I ask my colleagues of both parties--I just ask this: What do we  do? Let's get this done. There is no time for quibbling over Senate  procedure. Working families don't care about Senate rules. They care  about when they get a vaccine. They care about when their kids get back  to school. They care about keeping their jobs. They don't care how we  get it done. They care about results.   The Senate has used these fast-track budget measures over and over in  times far less dire than the ones we face now. Minority Leader  McConnell had no problem using these fast-track procedures that they  now oppose to pour money into corporations' coffers with their tax  cuts.   In fact, the last time--I was at the White House today with President  Biden. The last time I was invited to the White House was President  Trump inviting a group of us on the tax-writing committee to try to  sell his big tax giveaway to corporate America and to the richest  people in the country. We sat around the table in the President's  Cabinet Room with two, I believe, of his billionaire Cabinet members  who benefited handsomely, as did his family, from this tax cut. It was  a big, big giveaway to the largest corporations in this country and a  big, big giveaway to billionaires and the richest people in the country  but so little for the economy and so little for workers.   So Senator McConnell, whose office, we know, is just down the hall-- you often see lobbyists lining up. Back in the tax-cutting days, you  saw lobbyists lined up out there outside his office waiting to get in  to find out what tax break they could get. That was then. We used this  fast-track procedure to get it done as if it were an emergency. Now it  actually is an emergency. We just can't wait and negotiate and  negotiate and negotiate and take forever to get this help.   You know, someone came to our Banking and Housing Committee and said:  You know, before D-day, they didn't have a meeting at the White House  and with the Congress saying: Can we afford this? Can we afford this  war? Can we afford equipping our troops in Normandy?   Of course we could because we had to win the war. We are in a global  crisis now. It is a war. We marshaled all of our vast resources and  talents to rise to beat the global crisis in World War II. Then we grew  the economy from the middle class out. We paid down the debt with  rising wages.   Americans elected new leaders now--last November--because they were  tired of a President and a majority leader who refused to treat this  war against COVID with the same urgency. People are really sick and  tired all over this country. They are sick and tired in Dayton and  Akron and Canton and Mansfield of a President--of people or a President  saying or then-Majority Leader McConnell saying: We can't do it. We  can't afford it. We have done enough.   Let's aim higher. Let's deliver for the people we serve. Let's raise  the stimulus checks to $2,000--money that will make a difference for so  many families. Let's cut taxes for working families. Let's keep people  in their homes. Let's keep small businesses open. Let's give every  American a vaccine--a vaccine that will save their lives. That is the  decision before this Senate.   Do we just say ``We can't do very much. We ought to wait a while.  Let's see if the last thing worked''? Let's come together. Let's pass  this. Let's make a real difference in the American people's lives.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   