 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I stand here today to  pay tribute to Luke Letlow. Just like earlier tonight when we stood out  on the steps of the Capitol to pay respects to the 500,000 people who  we have lost from COVID-19, Luke, unfortunately, is in that number. He  is not somebody you would have expected. He was young, healthy, and he  had his whole life in front of him.   He had already lived a rich life. He had already left such a powerful  impact on people in the right kind of way, like my colleague,  Congressman Graves, talked about. He had a big heart, Madam Speaker. He  had a servant's heart.   Luke was the kind of person who you want to get into public service  to do it for the right reasons, to actually believe in something and  want to make people's lives better.   When he would go through the rural communities of his district--which  is a  [[Page H569]]  very rural district--he would just talk to people, strike up  conversations. He would want to hear their stories and he would want to  help people. He had a lot of opportunities to do that, Madam Speaker.   He started working for Congressman John Cooksey out of college at  Louisiana Tech. He had already garnished a desire for public service.   After he worked for Congressman Cooksey, I met him in 2004, when he  was working on the campaign of my predecessor, Bobby Jindal, who got  elected to Congress. Luke served with him there. When Bobby got elected  Governor, Luke went to serve with him in the State to make our State a  better place.   And then when Ralph Abraham came to Congress, Luke spent the last 6  years working for Ralph as his chief of staff, going around the rural  parts of that district in northeast Louisiana, just reaching out,  finding out about people.   He was very much into genealogy. He wanted to know not just about  people, but about their history, where they came from, what made people  tick, and how he could keep making a difference.   Ultimately, when Ralph retired, Luke made that decision to run. And  he didn't make that decision alone. His lovely wife, Julia, was all in.  They were a family that was a partnership. They were a true love story  of two people who cared deeply about each other and who cared deeply  about their young children: young Jeremiah; and young Jacqueline, who  we also grieve for.   It is heartbreaking when you think of the promise and what was lost,  what we as colleagues lost. You hear members of his own freshman class  who never got to serve with him--some have might not even met with him,  just knew about him or heard about him--and miss him. That is the kind  of person who Luke Letlow was.   I got to talk to Luke a lot in those last few days and in the last  few weeks before he even got COVID. He was so excited to come up here  and get sworn in as a Member of Congress and to start helping people in  a different way.   He had already helped so many people working for others, but now was  his chance to make his own mark. He was talking about what committees  he wanted to be on. He wanted to serve on the Agriculture Committee. He  wanted to serve on the Appropriations Committee. And he had big ideas,  ideas that inspire other people to want to do better as well.   So, Madam Speaker, when we remember Luke Letlow, it is that big smile  that Luke had. It is that servant's heart, the heart of a person who  cares about other people and wanted to make a difference for all of the  right reasons. Thank God we still have people like Luke Letlow who care  enough to want to get into public service for the right reasons.   It is sad that we didn't get that opportunity to serve with him. I so  looked forward to serving with him as a colleague in the Louisiana  delegation. He was only 5 days away from getting sworn in when we lost  him.   So, Madam Speaker, as we remember the life of Luke Letlow, I know he  is up in heaven looking down. He was a man of deep, deep faith, and  that faith carried him and his family through those difficulties in the  last few days when he was struggling and fighting for his life. I know  that faith is what got him into heaven. He would probably be looking  down and saying: Y'all shouldn't be making such a big fuss.   But you know what? He deserves this kind of tribute because this  would have been a richer body if we had Luke Letlow.   We will all remember him and keep him in our thoughts and our  prayers.   