 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the countdown is on. Today marks the  beginning of 100 days until the critical and lifesaving authority  placing fentanyl-related substances in schedule I expires. In 100 days  that expires.   Congress has extended this authority multiple times, most recently in  May. However, when choosing how long to extend this authority, Congress  shortchanged itself by providing only 5 months to contemplate how to  permanently control fentanyl analogs. I pushed for a longer extension,  even spearheading bipartisan legislation that would have extended this  authority into the next year, but my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle insisted that 5 months was sufficient to work with the  administration to find a permanent solution scheduling fentanyl-related  substances.   I had skepticism about this when the 5-month extension passed in May,  and I have even more skepticism now. That is because we are only 100  days away from losing this essential authority and the administration  still has not indicated how it intends to solve this problem. So  Congress is operating in the dark.   The administration says that a legislative proposal will be sent to  Congress as early as next month. But this proposal won't be a done deal  once it arrives on Capitol Hill because, you know, Presidents propose,  Congress disposes.   If it doesn't include measures to protect vulnerable communities, to  prevent more drug overdose victims, and proactively deter and punish  drug traffickers, then it won't be enough to solve the problems of a  drug--fentanyl--killing several hundred thousand people.   I have been beating the drum on scheduling fentanyl analogs for a  long period of time because it is a fight worth having. We simply can't  afford to let these deadly substances go unscheduled.   What happens if we don't schedule fentanyl analogs in the next 100  days? Well, it is pretty obvious. Opioid-related deaths fueled by  fentanyl analogs increased by 35 percent in my State of Iowa. What  about the other 49 States? But 35 percent in Iowa last year. That  happens to be in line with nationwide trends. So deaths will continue  to rise if we don't buckle down and get onto this issue of scheduling  fentanyl schedule I on a permanent basis.   Also, according to the Customs and Border Patrol, so far this year,  enough fentanyl and its analogs have been seized to kill the entire  population of the United States not once, but 10 times over.   Some may view drug crimes as victimless. You need to tell that to the  hundreds of thousands of families who have lost their brother, sister,  parent, or child to fentanyl.   Tell that to Rob and Deb Courtney, the parents of Chad Courtney from  North Liberty, IA. Chad died 5 years ago because of fentanyl. He used  painkillers and then turned to abusing heroin. Rod and Deb tried to  help their son through rehab and treatment. Then one day they received  the call that they had been dreading. Their son died because a drug  dealer laced heroin with a deadly fentanyl substance. Rod said that one  of the last memories he has of his son was picking him up from  treatment and Chad stating, ``I just want to make a difference.''   We owe it to Chad and the other 36,359 victims of fentanyl-related  overdose deaths to make a difference now, and that means passing  legislation that schedules fentanyl and its analogs permanently.   Congress can ensure that we put people over profits and communities  over cartels by permanently scheduling fentanyl-related substances. I  don't doubt that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle want to  protect their constituents. Nobody wants more overdose deaths in their  home States. So let's work together to put this issue to rest at last.   Starting today, the countdown is on. As I said in the beginning, 100  more days. I hope the administration and my Senate colleagues are ready  to get to work on permanently scheduling fentanyl-related substances. I  know that I am ready.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, like my colleague from Iowa who has  just spoken, I travel Iowa as well, and in holding my county meetings  and visiting with employers and employees--not just these last 2 weeks  that we have been in recess, but all year--I have been hearing all of  what Senator Ernst has referred to, that people are afraid of inflation  and a lot of people are old enough to remember the 12- to 15-percent  inflation we had during the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. We don't want  to repeat that.   Traveling Iowa, it is always refreshing to hear directly from my  constituents because, as I often say, Washington is an island  surrounded by reality. The Midwest seems to be the real America  compared to what we know here in Washington, DC, where everything that  dominates the economy is affected by government--and very Big  Government.   There is no better example of this than how the Biden administration  and Washington elites talk about inflation and rising prices. To them,  inflation is transitory or the result of base effects, and those words  ``transitory'' and ``base effects'' are used to justify this inflation.  Really something not to worry about, I think, is the impression they  want to leave us with.   To the Iowans I spoke with, inflation is real and persistent, as  Senator Ernst has so colorfully shown. I heard concerns from my  constituents about inflation wherever I went. And why? Because it is  affecting people's lives right now.   I heard about how inflation was cutting into families' budgets,  making it hard to make ends meet. I heard how prices in grocery  staples, such as milk, meat, fruit, vegetables, are on the rise, along  with all manner of household goods.   Yet the President and his top economic advisers say inflation is  nothing to worry about, or as the President's Treasury Secretary put  it, ``I don't think there's going to be an inflationary problem. But if  there is, the Fed will be counted on to address it.'' They shouldn't be  so nonchalant about it. As we know from the 1970s, once inflation takes  off, getting it back under control can require very painful measures.   They should take the advice of former Clinton Treasury Secretary  Summers. He recently stated, ``The Fed has had almost no success gently  bringing down inflation once an economy has started to overheat.''   Notice that word ``gently'' because everybody thinks this is going to  just occur very easily, getting it under control, but we remember the  results of the 1970s, early eighties. It took Paul Volcker to take a  sledgehammer through the policies of the Federal Reserve to bring down  interest rates.   And a lot of farmers in Iowa lost their farms when they were  borrowing on that inflation, trusting the government that there was no  problem, and then we have just farmers going out of business because  Volcker used a sledgehammer, and he probably had to use it because  there wasn't a gentle way of doing it. Unfortunately, instead of taking  inflation seriously, the current administration appears intent on  stoking its flames, pouring gasoline on the inflation fire.   In his budget, the President proposes government spending and debt at  levels previously only seen temporarily during war or economic  recession. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and economists  surveyed by the Wall Street Journal both recently raised their  inflation expectations. CBO raised its inflation projections because  ``output now exceeds its potential level sooner and by a larger amount  than previously anticipated.''   Output exceeding its potential is economic speak for the economy is  starting to overheat. Consumer price data released yesterday shows  inflation heating up. In June, prices climbed 5.4 percent over the  prior year compared to 5 percent in May. Moreover, core inflation,  which omits volatile food and energy goods, rose at the highest rate in  29 years   The trillions of dollars in new spending proposed by the President  could set inflation ablaze. If that occurs, it is not going to be the  wealthy and the Wall Street elites that pay the price. The average  hard-working American living paycheck to paycheck, and particularly  tough on the retiree on fixed incomes, those are the people that are  going to pay more and get less for paying more. The President would be  well served to listen more to everyday Americans about how rising  prices are affecting their lives today.   President Biden might then realize pursuing another multitrillion- dollar spending spree isn't worth the risk. It could fan the flames of  inflation and devastate the livelihoods of average Americans.   It is incumbent upon the President and the Congress to avert  catastrophe by pursuing responsible fiscal policies. We can't just  expect the Federal Reserve to clean up our mess if we act irresponsibly  by spending another $4 trillion. By that time, it could already be too  late, waiting on the Fed.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Gary  Tromblay, a detailee in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress.   