 Madam Speaker, what you are seeing here before the United  States Congress is two clear, different visions of America and where we  want to go and what we want to do.   We know that China is running circles around us. We know they are  building islands in the South China Sea. We know Russia is on the  border. We know the middle class has been eroded. And we know the  Republican philosophy has been cut taxes for the top 1 percent and hope  the crumbs fall down to places like Youngstown, Ohio.   But what we are trying to do is three things. We want to build the  United States, we want to rebuild the middle class, and we want to beat  China.   But we can't do that if we don't have our greatest weapon. And our  greatest weapon during the Cold War and our greatest weapon over the  last 50 years has been a strong middle class. That has been our  greatest weapon, our greatest strength. We reinvested into the United  States, we reinvested into our communities, we invested in the  technology, and we dominated the industry: steel, glass, and aerospace.   Now, we are hearing from the other side: Shut government down. Don't  do anything. We don't want to be an honest broker.   Tyranny? What are you people talking about? We are talking about  universal preschool, and they have it as a communist indoctrination of  the American student. It is insane.   We need to pass this appropriations bill. We need to pass the CHIPS  Act, because we have got to close the technology gap.    Madam Speaker, we see all of these cargo ships out in  California. They are not coming from Kansas. They are coming from  China. If we don't reinvest and bring these supply chains back here, we  are going to continue to lose. That is what is happening.   China is out-manufacturing us in semiconductors, communications  equipment, electric vehicles, and batteries. We have to rebuild our  country, or this whole thing isn't going to work.   We have got to make sure our kids are healthy and educated and  skilled so they can thrive and outcompete China. That is what this bill  is about. It is not about tyranny. It is not about communist  indoctrination. It is about rebuilding the United States.   