 Madam President, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 15.   This is a misguided resolution. It would overturn an important  banking  [[Page S2431]]  resolution, the OCC's true lender rule. That is a rule that helps give  consumers more access to credit.   Overturning the true lender rule is a bad idea. It would reduce  access to credit for consumers, especially those who have the most  difficulty obtaining credit. It would stifle innovation, and it would  inhibit the functioning of our markets, our Nation's banking and credit  markets.   Let me explain why preserving this rule is so important. In the last  decade, we have seen financial technology companies, often referred to  as fintechs, use technology to revolutionize financial services.   Community and midsized banks that often lack the resources to develop  banking technology in-house are partnering with these fintechs to  compete more effectively and to offer their customers terrific services  at ever-better prices. That is what these partnerships do. They help  consumers because they increase competition in lending markets, they  lower the price of financial products, they improve credit options, and  they expand consumer choice.   Unfortunately, a patchwork of different legal tests in different  courts had made it difficult to predict whether the bank or the fintech  partner, when they have teamed up, would be considered legally  responsible for a given loan they would make together. So last year,  the OCC issued its true lender rule to provide the needed regulatory  clarity. The rule--a simple version of this is, it simply holds that a  national bank will be responsible for a loan if it is named in the loan  agreement or if it funds the loan, which banks often do when they team  up with fintechs in these ways.   Some of our Democratic colleagues have claimed that the rule, the  true lender rule, allows unaccountable ``rent-a-charter'' arrangements,  as they call them, but in fact, the true lender rule prevents the rent- a-charter scheme, and it does so because it ensures that the national  banks are accountable for the loans they issue through these lending  partnerships, and it requires the OCC to supervise those loans for  compliance with consumer protection and anti-discrimination laws.   Other colleagues have expressed concerns that the rule will ``trap''  consumers in arrangements with high interest rates and a principal  balance that can never be paid back, but actually that is not possible  with these OCC-chartered banks, which are the only ones affected by  this rule. That is because a bank is required under the OCC resolution  to assess a borrower's ability to repay before making the loan. If a  bank is systemically approving loans by this fintech partnership to  consumers who can't repay the debt, they will face serious consequences  from their regulator, and that is a lot more protection than what would  otherwise exist for consumers.   Some of my Democratic colleagues claim that the true lender law  fundamentally changes existing laws around interest rates. In fact, it  preserves existing law. For over four decades, Federal law has allowed  banks to essentially export the State law governing interest rates from  the home State where the bank is based. So this allows the bank to  comply with 1 law of the bank's home State rather than have to try to  comply with 50 different laws of the 50 States in which its customers  may reside. Having this single standard allows for a competitive  national credit market.   The true lender rule simply allows fintechs that partner with banks  to get the same treatment. It is really not very different from what  happens today with credit cards. And may I remind everyone, credit  cards can often have high interest rates.   So if you believe that bank-fintech providers shouldn't be able to  ``export'' interest rates from the State in which the bank is  headquartered, then I suppose you ought to be in favor of eliminating  credit cards for all Americans.   Well, that would be a terrible policy. It would be a bad policy to  get rid of the true lender rule as well. Now, I have heard the argument  that the true lender rule somehow harms low-income consumers. In fact,  the true lender rule benefits low-income consumers most by preserving  their access to well-regulated, bank-issued credit.   Absent the rule, uncertainty about which partner, whether it is the  bank or the fintech company, is the true lender means there would be  uncertainty about what laws to apply to the transaction and whether or  not the loan would be considered valid. Well, without the rule, without  that certainty, the secondary market for these loans would be  disrupted, and, again, that disproportionately harms lower income  borrowers.   Why is that? Well, it is because banks frequently sell these loans  after they are made so that they free up the capital to make the next  loan. Banks can issue far fewer loans if they can't reliably sell the  ones that they have into the secondary market. Uncertainty, as we would  have in the absence of the true lender rule, diminishes their ability  to sell into the secondary market, and that means fewer loans are going  to get booked altogether. Those that are are going to be more  expensive, and they will be limited to people of higher credit ratings.   And this isn't just my opinion. Forty-seven leading financial  economists from Harvard, Stanford, and other leading universities made  exactly these points in an amicus brief supporting the existing rule.   And we have empirical proof. Studies show that after a 2015 court  ruling created uncertainty about the ability to export interest rates  to New York, it became significantly harder for higher risk borrowers  to get loans in New York.   This is not surprising. This is exactly what you would expect. This  is what will happen nationally if this CRA is successful in repealing  the true lender rule.   Now, some of my colleagues want to overturn the true lender rule  because doing so would subject more loans to State interest rate caps,  they say. But, in fact, the more likely effect is that the loans will  just never get made in the first place, and that is terrible for the  low-income consumer for whom that loan is the best available option.   The true lender rule preserves access to well-regulated, bank-offered  credit.   At end of the day, we need to remember, if the CRA is successful and  the true lender rule is repealed, demand for credit won't disappear.  The need for credit doesn't go away because we get rid of a good rule.  You simply make it harder for people who need loans to get them, and  you will drive consumers to unregulated alternatives.   Voting in favor of the CRA, which would kill this rule, is also a  direct assault on fintech. It will make it harder for Congress to  legislate in this area. It will make it harder for regulators to issue  guidance and rules to promote the healthy competition that fintechs  represent. Courts will see this as Congress buying into this completely  false notion that fintechs are somehow inherently ``predatory''--they  are not--and it will scare away State legislators from promoting  fintech.   If you believe financial innovation and competition are good things  for consumers, as I do, then you should oppose this CRA.   For all these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting  against S.J. Res. 15.   I yield the floor.   