 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I come to the floor at a time when, I  believe, as of today, there are 72 nominees for State Department and  USAID positions here in Washington and overseas pending on the Senate  floor.   I am going to make a series of unanimous consent requests. I am first  going to proceed to one to which there will likely be one objection.  Then I will give a few minutes of remarks and then give additional  ones.   I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII, if  applicable, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 239, Michele  Jeanne Sison, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign  Service, Class of Career Ambassador, to be an Assistant Secretary of  State (International Organization Affairs); that there be 10 minutes  for debate, equally divided in the usual form on the nomination; that  upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to vote  without intervening action or debate; and that if the nomination is  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and no further motions be in order on the nomination; that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the  Senate then resume legislative session.    Madam President, at a time when we need senior people to  help our country deter adversaries, advance our interests, and secure  our values, it is important that all the nominees currently waiting on  this floor be confirmed.   They are well qualified. Eight of them would serve under the  jurisdiction of my Subcommittee on the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee in various multilateral organizations and in economic and  energy policy.   I understand and I respect the right of colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to seek amendments on votes like the Nord Stream 2 issue. I,  for one, would be happy to vote on additional subjects around foreign  policy and national security, and I pushed for additional votes during  the National Defense Authorization Act floor process.   These national security issues are important, and this Chamber owes  to the American people robust debate, but we also need to provide  advice and consent on any President's nominees in a purposeful and  timely manner.   With that in mind, in a few moments, I will officially ask unanimous  consent to confirm the following nominees: Jack A. Markell, of  Delaware, to be Representative of the United States of America to the  Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, with the rank of  Ambassador; R. Nicholas Burns, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador  Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to  the People's Republic of China; Rahm Emanuel, of Illinois, to be  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of  America to Japan; Steven C. Bondy, of New Jersey, a Career Member of  the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be  Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of  America to the Kingdom of Bahrain; Cynthia Ann Telles, of California,  to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States  of America to the Republic of Costa Rica; Bathsheba Nell Crocker, of  the District of Columbia, to be Representative of the United States of  America to the Office of the United Nations and Other International  Organizations in Geneva, with the rank of Ambassador; Christopher P.  Lu, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America  to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of  Ambassador; Christopher P. Lu, of Virginia, to be an Alternate  Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the  General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as  Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations  for U.N. Management and Reform; Lisa A. Carty, of Maryland, to be  Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and  Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador; Lisa  A. Carty, of Maryland, to be an Alternate Representative of the United  States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United  Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United  States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United  Nations; Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be Representative of the  United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations,  with the rank of Ambassador; Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be  Representative of the United States of America to  [[Page S9183]]  the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador;  C.S. Eliot Kang, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary of State  (International Security and Non-Proliferation); Adam Scheinman, of  Virginia, to be Special Representative of the President for Nuclear  Nonproliferation, with the rank of Ambassador.   I am going to ask unanimous consent for all of these because they are  critical to our foreign policy and our national security.   And I must say at the outset, I have appreciated the opportunity to  dialogue with my colleagues about a possible path forward, but as of  right now, we don't have one, so I am seeking this unanimous consent.   Principal among the many nominees I just spoke about is my dear  friend, Jack Markell. I would like to turn to my colleague, also from  the State of Delaware, for a few minutes of remarks about this  wonderful public servant we have both known for decades.    I want to thank my colleague, the senior Senator from  Delaware. I, too, have known Governor Markell for decades, and I, too,  was prepared to make long and fulsome comments about his remarkable  record of achievement both as a leader in the private sector, as  someone who actually did help create jobs by launching Nextel and by  growing it to a remarkable, world-class telecom company, and his  leadership as State treasurer, to his leadership as Governor, but that  has been covered in wonderful detail.   His Pathways to Prosperity Program in Delaware I have recommended to  colleagues of both parties as a model for how we might move forward on  apprenticeships and on skilling for the 21st century and his current  service as the President's special adviser to lead Operation Allies  Welcome. Senator Carper and I just visited Fort Dix on Friday with  Governor Markell to see the tremendous work of our Armed Forces and to  visit with Afghan families who have just been relocated to the United  States. It is just a reminder of his great heart and his dedication to  service. I am confident that he has the experience, intelligence, and  character to serve admirably as our Ambassador to the OECD.   All the individuals for whom I will call a unanimous consent request  here in just a moment--I am confident that these are individuals  nominated for positions critical to our national security interest and  our ability to maintain our standing in key international  organizations.   Four of these nominees will be responsible for representing the  United States at various U.N. bodies and three of them for leading work  on nuclear energy nonproliferation, to promote energy security while  protecting the American people from the proliferation of weapons of  mass destruction. These are diplomats who will help the United States  bolster and reform institutions so they can effectively withstand the  steady march, the pressures of authoritarianism, and uphold our core  values of human rights, labor rights, democracy, and transparent  economic practices.   In conclusion, I ask that we confirm these nominees today so they can  move forward with representing our Nation, Governor Markell and many  others. Several have been pending since April, more than 220 days;  others, for 130 days--since July. It is December.   While I am hopeful that we can yet find a path forward towards a  resolution of this impasse, today I was committed to coming to the  floor and asking unanimous consent. We need to get these folks into  their positions as soon as humanly possible.   So I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII, if  applicable, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Executive Calendar Nos. 318, 319, 442,  446, 460, and 514; that there be 10 minutes for debate equally divided  in the usual form on the nominations en bloc; that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening  action or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that if a  nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no  further motions be in order on these nominations; and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I object to the modification.    Madam President, if I might, just in concluding this  particular exchange, several things are also important to make clear.   First, I think every Member of this Congress is concerned about the  security, the independence, the safety of Ukraine and about aggressive  actions by Putin's Russia.   Second, earlier today, the chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee and the Senate majority leader urged that all holds on  ambassadorial nominees be waived. In the interest of America's  security, our place in the world, our ability to do the job that we  have to do here in this body of advocating for and representing the  interests of the United States by confirming qualified and competent  nominees, they have urged that every hold be lifted. That is the  current position of the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and  the majority leader.   Hearing the objection of my colleague from Texas, I understand there  is a significant gap. I commit to working to trying to resolve this in  a responsible way, but, in my view, the right lies on the side of those  who are saying we should not have holds on Ambassadors.   I also agree that there should be consideration of the issue of  whether or not sanctions appropriately should be imposed on the Nord  Stream pipeline going forward.   It is my hope that, working together and listening to each other, we  can yet find a way forward.   One last comment and concern: At the end of this calendar year, every  nominee will return to the White House and need to be renominated. It  is my hope that we will also come to an understanding that every  nominee for an ambassadorship who has already been heard by the Foreign  Relations Committee and advanced to this floor will not be returned and  there be a requirement that they be reheard in front of our committee.   We can find a fast path forward. I dedicate myself to finding it and  working with any colleague interested in working with me to close this  gap in the days that remain.   With that, Madam President, I would like to thank you and my  colleagues.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my State  Department fellow Deanne de Lima be given floor privileges throughout  the remainder of this Congress.   