 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Minnesota for yielding.   The last 24 hours, we need to just step back and look at it. And I  need to remind my colleagues and remind the folks across the aisle that  what we just witnessed is a circus; and also remind them that this is  the people's House. This is not Pelosi's palace, this is the people's  House.   Madam Speaker, the middle of July, we were supposed to mark up a  budget in the House Budget Committee, but the Democrats did not have  the votes.   Madam Speaker, before the August recess, we were suppose to pass the  House budget. The Democrats did not have the votes. Yesterday--up until  about 1 a.m. this morning, in fact--we were going to pass the House  budget, but the Democrats did not have the votes. So now they have a  scheme before us, a scheme that they are putting Bernie's budget with  the transportation bill, which is not even going to be voted on today,  not even going to be voted on this week, not even going to be voted on  this month, along with a voting rights bill, because they can't pass  Bernie's budget. You know why they can't pass Bernie's budget? Because  the American people are fed up with the Democrats' reckless spending.   Right now, we are facing the Biden inflation crisis. We are facing  the Biden border crisis. We are facing the Biden energy crisis. And we  are facing the Biden Afghanistan crisis. Yet, they bring forth a budget  resolution that only makes those crises worse, $68 trillion in new  spending, the most spending in the history of this country; $17  trillion of debt, the largest increase of debt, in fact, more debt than  the entire economies of every country in the world, except for the  United States.   Bernie Sanders may have lost the Presidential primary, but his  policies have won. Bernie Sanders controls this Chamber, along with the  liberal squad. But the American people are watching, and they are fed  up. And they are letting the American people know whenever this Chamber  changes and we actually bring order back to the House of  Representatives.  [[Page H4362]]        