 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I oppose this bill, Madam Speaker, because it is redundant and will  grow a State Department bureaucracy that is already overgrown. This is  the same State Department that already has two bureaus tasked with this  issue.   I wish someone would tell me what exactly it is these bureaucrats are  doing now, since they now need a third department to help them do their  job.   These are the same State Department bureaucrats who spent 4 years  undermining the foreign policy of a Republican President from deep  within the government. Now they are getting a pass from the Biden  administration to be soft on China, soft on Russia, and of course, soft  on Iran.   And the Democrats in the House want us to spend even more taxpayer  money on this already bloated bureaucracy, Madam Speaker.   For my friends across the aisle, the solution always seems to be  throwing more money at a problem.   After 3 years in the House, I am beginning to realize that, for the  Democrats in Congress, our tax dollars are nothing more than political  duct tape. The problem with duct tape, Madam Speaker, is it does not  actually fix anything, contrary to what some people believe. Like  growing government and spending more money, duct tape is not a  solution.   So here is an idea I wish my friends across the aisle and President  Biden would consider: Rather than feeding the beast, let's cut the  State Department's budget until the bureaucrats  [[Page H7799]]  deep within decide to get back to work for the American people.   Instead of pushing a woke globalist agenda, Secretary of State  Blinkin needs to call his workers back to the office, rather than  letting them continue to stay home while passports and visa  applications go unprocessed for American citizens and visitors.   Let's not waste our constituents' hard-earned tax dollars playing  politics. Our government is big enough. We can do without another  dadgum bureaucracy at the State Department.   