 Mr. President, I want to talk for a few minutes about  nuclear energy. President Biden, of course, as we both are aware, has  called climate change the ``existential threat.'' He says it is the  ``number one issue facing humanity today.'' Secretary Kerry, who, as we  know, is President Biden's climate envoy, has said that climate change  is a ``life and death'' issue. President Biden's National Climate  Advisor, the Honorable Gina McCarthy, believes that saving the  environment is the ``fight of our lifetimes.''   If you ask many Members of Congress, not all of them--I don't want to  paint with too broad a brush--but if you ask many Members of Congress  what they think the solution to our environmental issues is, they will  probably respond: renewable energy. But if we are really worried about  the climate--and I know we all are; we all want clean air, and we all  want bright water--I suggest that we also embrace nuclear energy.  Nuclear energy is not only safe, but it is clean and, frankly, it can  produce more power than renewables.   Nuclear energy, as you know, creates little or no carbon emissions.  Let me say that again. A lot of people don't realize it. Nuclear energy  creates little or no carbon emissions. It also creates very little  waste--an extraordinarily small amount of waste. All the nuclear waste  that America's commercial nuclear industry has ever produced--ever,  [[Page S4564]]  in the history of ever--can fit into a single football field to a depth  of fewer than 10 yards Now, you compare that with solar panels, for  example--solar panels create 300 times more toxic waste than nuclear  plants in order to yield the same exact amount of energy--or compare  the waste from nuclear power production with wind turbine blades. Wind  turbine blades are very hard to recycle, and they usually end up in  landfills.    These facts are underreported, but the fact is that solar and wind  power do have their own harmful impacts on our environment. There is no  free lunch, as you know, and you don't get one now. There are pros and  cons of everything.   Solar and wind can't hold a candle to nuclear power when it comes to  efficiency. That is just a fact. It takes more than 3 million solar  panels or more than 430 wind turbines to produce the same amount of  energy as the average nuclear plant. Let me say that again--3 million  solar panels, 430 wind turbines to produce the same amount of energy as  the average nuclear powerplant. And these numbers do not take into  account that solar panels, as we know, are useless when the Sun doesn't  shine, and wind turbines are nothing more than expensive paper waste  when the wind doesn't blow.   Also underreported, in my judgment, is how safe nuclear energy is.  Despite what some people may think, Homer Simpson does not run  America's nuclear powerplants. The industry is constantly evolving to  make nuclear powerplants safer, to make them more efficient. In fact,  we have all read a lot about small modular reactors. I will just use  that as an example. These small modular reactors are part of a very  promising new generation of advanced reactors that can automatically-- automatically--prevent overheating. And, frankly, they produce even  less nuclear waste.   Now, I want to be clear. I still believe in fossil fuels. I am an  ``all of the above'' energy advocate, but leading that pack is fossil  fuels.   America's economy is the largest in all of human history, and it  can't run without oil and gas. Louisianans know this, and most  Americans know this. The people of Louisiana serve our country pretty  well by contributing to our energy independence, and I am very proud of  that.   Last year, Louisiana supplied 9 percent--9 percent--of America's  marketed gas. And Louisianans understand, as do, I think, most  Americans, that giving up on fossil fuels would not only destroy jobs;  it would ruin the economy.   But I want America to use every advantage that it has. I want America  to use every energy tool at its disposal. Now, that is why nuclear  energy--I see nuclear energy as supporting oil and gas, not replacing  it. I want to be clear about that, as supporting oil and gas, not  replacing it.   Since nuclear energy holds such promise--and it does--I am hoping  that my Democratic friends in Congress and my Republican friends in  Congress--because I see this as a bipartisan issue--will lend their  full-throated support to nuclear energy.   I am not saying that renewables don't have their proper place in  America's energy policy--they certainly do--and I am not saying we  should get rid of them--I am certainly not--but we need to acknowledge  that renewables have limitations. They have limitations, and nuclear  energy does not. There are disadvantages to renewables. As I said,  there is no free lunch, and you don't get one now.   Now, for some people, that is a lesson that needs to be repeated. I  take note. I say this gently, but the Democratic Party platform, for  example, calls for installing 500 million solar panels--500 million  solar panels--and 60,000 wind turbines over the next 5 years. This will  occupy a lot more land and actually create less energy than building  new nuclear reactors. And that is a fact.   Some small modular nuclear reactors are roughly twice the length of  the average schoolbus--twice the length of an average schoolbus. Wind  farms, on the other hand, can eat up more than 19 square miles. That is  about half the size of Disney World--half the size of Disney World,  compared to twice the length of the average schoolbus. If we succeed in  blanketing our land with solar panels and wind farms, it is going to  create more waste, occupy more green space, and ultimately weaken our  economy.   Again, I am not saying no to solar and wind. I am not at all. I am  saying yes to explore the possibilities of nuclear energy.   President Biden, as we know, has a $2 trillion infrastructure plan.  And I think, if nothing else, his infrastructure plan establishes the  Biden administration's priorities. His plan does call for $61 billion  in initiatives that include investments in advanced nuclear technology.  I am not sure I agree on the amount, but I like the concept, and I find  that to be prudent. But it also asks for three times that amount--$174  billion--to support electric vehicles, electric cars. I suggest that  nuclear energy has more place in energy's future, and it is something  that we ought to talk about.   Other spending bonanzas in President Biden's plan include a $213  billion investment to give 2 million buildings a Green New Deal  makeover and $100 billion to make our schools greener. These are not  going to have a more meaningful impact on our environment than  exploring nuclear energy. They are just not.   I know that nuclear energy sounds too good to be true, and I don't  want to oversimplify the circumstances. Nuclear energy has its  drawbacks, but nuclear energy is powerful. Nuclear energy is safe.  Nuclear energy is clean. And by building up our nuclear power  capabilities, the United States can create more jobs; the United States  can strengthen its economy; and the United States can ensure its place  as a world leader on energy. And we can do all that while reducing  carbon emissions.   I hope my colleagues will come to embrace nuclear energy as the  efficient green energy source that it is and that the U.S. Congress can  work with the White House to improve America's standing as an energy  juggernaut.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, with me today is one of my colleagues,  Mr. Elad Vaida, and I also ask unanimous consent that Mr. Boatner  Calhoun, who is an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for  the remainder of the Congress.   