 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this package of  en bloc amendments, which includes a bipartisan amendment I offered to  expand access to computer science youth apprenticeship programs that  are critical to the 21st century workforce.   We know that education is the door to economic opportunity, and one  of the most American and foundational paths to high-quality, worked- based learning and education are apprenticeship programs.   In today's changing economy, it is important to continue to find ways  to prepare our kids for the jobs of the future, jobs in advanced  manufacturing, healthcare, technology, green jobs, and computer  science.   According to Code.org, across 24 States, only 35 percent of high  schools in the U.S. teach computer science. That same study found that  Black and Hispanic students, students receiving free and reduced lunch,  and students from rural areas are less likely to attend a school that  provides access to this critical subject.   Not everyone is going to have a tech-related job, but we know that  there is a growing demand that we are struggling to meet for preparing  students for these in-demand jobs and for equipping workers with  advanced computer science skills.   In fact, a lot of employers in the region I represent in northwest  Washington have job openings going unfilled because they can't find  folks with the necessary computer science skills.   To prepare students to be successful and innovative in the workforce,  the Federal Government should help expand computer science education  and pathways to more students.   That is why my amendment would ensure that computer science youth  apprenticeship, pre-apprenticeship, and apprenticeship programs are  prioritized for funding through the historic National Apprenticeship  Act of 2021.   Growing the number of computer science programs, including youth  apprenticeships, pre-apprenticeships, and apprenticeships for students  in high school and beyond, will provide more 21st century job  opportunities for our kids, more high-skilled and qualified employees  for our local employers, and more economic resiliency for our  communities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support of this simple yet  important amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  the package and ``yes'' on the bill.   