 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is 2 o'clock on a Friday afternoon, and  it looks like we are going to grind through this bipartisan  infrastructure bill this weekend, as Senator Schumer has ordained, but  we have now had a couple of votes--actually, three votes now--to  proceed to a bill that hasn't even been written yet in totality, and  indeed the reason we were delayed this morning was because some of the  text that was written did not comport with the agreement between the  negotiating parties.   I have said this from the beginning; that Senator Schumer should not  rush a bill to the floor before it is ready. It is simply not a good  practice. And we are talking about more than $1 trillion in spending  that will affect every man, woman, and child in America. It is more  important to get things right than to get it done fast.   For weeks now, the bipartisan group of Senators who have been  negotiating this bipartisan infrastructure package have been engaged in  intense negotiations with the White House to find common ground. Over  the last several days, in particular, colleagues have logged countless  hours to nail down specific provisions and how it would be paid for.   I want to commend all of them for their efforts on both sides of the  aisle. It has been a long road, but we still have a long road ahead,  and I appreciate both sides working in good faith to try to reach an  agreement.   Like all my colleagues, I am eager to see the text in the bill to  understand the specifics and how it impacts my State, what is included  and what is not included. To gain my support, this legislation must  accomplish two things: First, it must send sufficient resources to  Texas to build and maintain our vast network of infrastructure  projects. We are the fastest growing State in the Nation, with 29  million people, and we need to make sure our infrastructure is up to  the need. We have the largest network of roadways of any State in the  country, with more than 680,000 lane miles. We are also home to more  than 55,000 bridges, far more than any other State.   We have water ports along the gulf coast, as the Presiding Officer  knows, having lived in Houston, and ports of entry along the border  with Mexico and Canada, all of which are critical to our economy, as  well as airports, levees, waterways, and countless other infrastructure  projects that are vital to our communities across the State.   The pandemic has also highlighted the importance of broadband,  including the need to expand access in unserved parts of the State. It  is figured that we have about a third of our State without adequate  access to broadband, and, of course, that became critical when our  children were studying remotely from home or when people attempted to  see their doctor using telehealth. Broadband has gone from a  convenience to a necessity.   It is going to take a little while to comb through the specifics of  this massive bill--I think at last count it was 2,600 pages long--to  see if it meets my two criteria. But that is my priority No. 1.   But my second criterion is this bill must include a real plan to pay  for these infrastructure investments in a responsible way. We have had  to spend a lot of money in the last 18 months. A lot of this money was  borrowed money because we were engaged in an emergency, a pandemic. But  now our debt to gross domestic product is really roughly to what it was  after World War II, and I agree that most of that was necessary, at  least the bipartisan bills that we passed. I think there were a total  of five last year.   But now is not an emergency when it comes to infrastructure. Now,  this is the bread and butter of legislating, and we have got to come up  with a responsible way to pay for the money that we intend to spend.   The current draft of the bill, I think, is lacking in adequate pay- fors. Senator Portman, the Senator from Ohio, said that the  Congressional Budget Office would not give the writers of the bill  credit for some of the money that is in fact real, some of the  repurposed money from COVID-19 that was not used for Federal bonuses to  State unemployment, which was, at one point, rejected by the Governors  because people were being paid more money not to work than to work. So  there wasn't a pot of money to offset some of the spending.   But I think there are additional pay-fors that have been overlooked.  So I am in the process of drafting amendments to this bill, including  new pay-fors, and I hope these amendments will come to a vote on the  Senate floor.   I support the efforts of our colleagues on a bipartisan basis to  negotiate the current package. I think they have done us a great favor.  But the fact of the matter is, the rest of us, the 80 of us who did not  participate in those negotiations, have a right and a duty to  participate in writing this legislation too. So it would be a terrible  mistake for the majority leader to refuse to  [[Page S5203]]  allow Members on both sides to offer amendments which could pass and  could improve the underlying bill.   It goes without saying that this bill did not go through regular  order, which is nothing more than saying it didn't go through the  normal committee process. But the benefit of going through the normal  committee process is that both majority and minority Members get a  chance to participate in writing a bill in the committee even before it  comes to the floor.   So now that we have a bill that was negotiated and which, I suppose,  at some point we will see in the light of day, but one that was  negotiated by only a small fraction of Senators, it is even more  critical that we have an open amendment process.   As I said earlier, a transportation infrastructure bill ordinarily  would go through an arduous process, through, I think, at least three  standing committees--through the Banking Committee, through the  Commerce Committee, and through the Environment and Public Works  Committee. But that did not happen here.   The bipartisan group of Senators did find common ground among  themselves, and now it is time for the full Senate to have the  opportunity to offer changes that will improve this legislation and  allow all Senators a chance to participate in shaping them.   Our friend, Senator Portman, the Senator from Ohio, said the  bipartisan group is committed to having a fair process that allows both  sides an opportunity to amend the bill. Senator McConnell has also  called for a robust, bipartisan floor process. So I would encourage  Senator Schumer, the floor leader, to accept amendments from Members of  both sides of the aisle to strengthen the legislation and ensure that  it meets the needs of our constituents.   There is no question that the roads and bridges across the country  are in need of repair. Every year, the American Society of Civil  Engineers evaluates the state of our infrastructure and issues a report  card to let us know how we are doing.   Well, America is barely passing with a C-minus. Texas is faring  slightly better than the rest of the class, with a C. But it is time,  as you can tell, for us to invest in our roads and bridges and the  ports and waterways that fuel our economy and the broadband that keeps  us connected.   I have been disappointed that Senator Schumer has seen fit to try to  force us to vote on a bill that does not yet exist in its entirety, but  I hope we can now pump the brakes a little bit and take the time and  care to evaluate the benefits and the costs of this legislation, and I  hope that there will be an amendment process available to both sides of  the aisle to ensure that our infrastructure investments are made fairly  and they are paid for responsibly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   