 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3684,  the INVEST in America Act, and in support of my amendment to this  legislation.   Water main breaks are one of the most visible signs of our  deteriorating infrastructure. Some of our Nation's water pipes date  back to the 19th century, and many are reaching the end of their  designed lifetime.   Reports have found a 27 percent increase in water main breaks between  2012 and 2018--that is 6 years--equating to a break every 2 minutes  nationwide.   Despite vast economic implications, most water main breaks don't even  make the local news, and consistent data about them is not regularly  collected. And as California faces the worst drought in decades, we do  not have the luxury of remaining in the dark about our most valuable  resource.   Under my amendment, data on water main breaks will be compiled in a  publicly accessible database that will offer great opportunities for  analysis and insights into this nationwide problem.   Increasing the consistent reporting of breaks will shine new light on  the magnitude of this water infrastructure challenge and help us track  the pace of improvements as we make needed repairs and replacements.  The knowledge to be drawn from this new database will help all our  drinking water utilities become more resilient in facing the challenges  of climate change.   Furthermore, the work done by my colleagues and me in the Energy and  Commerce Committee will ensure crucial drinking and wastewater  infrastructure improvements that communities across the Nation  desperately need. These provisions not only improve the water we drink  and help keep pollution out of our rivers and lakes, they will also  create good-paying jobs and tackle the climate crisis head-on.   Lastly, this legislation recognizes that working directly with our  communities is the best way to identify the unique infrastructure needs  of our specific districts. As a result, my district is set to receive  much-needed funding for six separate infrastructure projects spanning  road, rail, and public transportation infrastructure.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 3684, the INVEST in America Act.   Among other things, this legislation aims to increase both the  awareness of career opportunities in the transportation sector and to  build a more diverse workforce in this field.   My amendment would add veteran status as a factor to be considered  under diversity.   As of 2017, women represented 16 percent of the overall Active Duty  force, with 43 percent of Active Duty military identified as Black,  Hispanic, Asian, or another racial or ethnic group. Our increasingly  diverse military is not only an asset to our Nation's security, but  when these servicemembers return to civilian life, they are often an  untapped pool of potential.   We have a duty to protect and serve those who have done so for us. A  key part of that is helping our veterans find gainful employment once  their service has ended, which is what my amendment would seek to do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this.   