 Mr. President and my colleagues, there is a saying about  Afghanistan: that we have turned the corner toward victory so many  times that we are spinning in circles.   During the beginning of my time in Congress, I went to Afghanistan to  visit our troops and military leadership about every 2 years. Each time  I went, I was met by a new, capable, impressive general who had just  started his yearlong tour, who told me that the last general did it  wrong and that, this time, everything was going to be different. I  remember coming back from my third trip to Afghanistan--I think it was  in 2011--convinced that it was time to leave. The primary mission had  been accomplished. Within a few years of our invasion, al-Qaida in  Afghanistan had been reduced to a shell of its former self, and we had  really shifted to a new mission: nation-building. At the outset, there  was reason for us to stay and engage in that mission and to work with  the new Afghan Government to help get it on its own feet, but, by 2011,  that mission had, for all intents and purposes, become a permanent one.   Now, after 20 years of war and handwringing about when the right time  is to leave, we have to acknowledge some basic truths: Our military  presence in Afghanistan is not creating the conditions necessary to  eradicate the Taliban or the conditions necessary to create a fully  functional Afghan military or government.   In fact, the facts on the ground would tell you the opposite is true:  The longer we stay, the more powerful the Taliban becomes and the less  willing the Afghan Government appears to be to make the hard choices to  stand on its own.   We can pretend that another year is going to change this, but it  won't. ``Just a little bit more time'' has become the rinse-and-repeat  phrase of the Afghanistan hawks, but to stay any longer is really-- let's be honest--a decision to stay forever, and that is something the  American people do not support.   I want to tell you one story from my trip to Afghanistan in 2011 that  helped to confirm my belief that something was very wrong about our  policy there. I went with a bipartisan delegation. I was in the House  at the time. We visited a far-off Province in western Afghanistan--a  small town called Parmakan--and we were there to visit a group of Army  commandos who toured us around this village. They were protecting the  farmers in this village from Taliban attack. They attested to us that  the attacks had largely stopped, and in the place of those attacks had  matured a commerce between the Taliban forces that surrounded the  village and the farmers of the village. As we walked around this  village, we made our way through fields of these beautiful, beautiful,  colorful flowers.   I turned to my colleague next to me, and I asked him if he had a  sense as to what this crop was.   He said: I think I do, but let's confirm.   So we asked one of the village elders what they were harvesting in  these fields.   Poppy, he told us.   Our U.S. military forces were protecting the poppy trade in this  western Province of Afghanistan--in fact, protecting the ability of the  Taliban to come in and purchase that poppy in order to fuel the  insurgency that we were fighting. Our troops were literally being  utilized to protect the revenue source of our enemy. And so no wonder  our policy in Afghanistan appears circular. In many ways, it is and it  has been for a very long time.    But even for those who disagree with me and contest that our presence  there has actually helped facilitate the survival of the Taliban, what  evidence is there that staying for another few years is going to make  the key difference?   The American war in Afghanistan is nearly 20 years old. It is the  longest war in U.S. history, outlasting the Civil War, the Spanish- American War, World War I, World War II, and the Korean war combined.   The United States and other international donors have invested an  extraordinary amount of money and effort and blood to help stand up a  functioning Afghan Government and civil society. And yet that  government has  [[Page S1915]]  failed to get widespread support from the Afghan people. There are many  reasons for this, but there is one big one: corruption. And the  billions upon billions of dollars that are pumped into the Afghan  economy by U.S. taxpayers often never find their way to actually  helping the people of that country. Too much of our aid has been  syphoned off by local leaders and unintentionally we have helped  establish a system of corruption that has become so pervasive and so  predatory that people have, frankly, become less resistant to Taliban  inroads.   Without a functioning police force, local Governors establish their  own militias, and the mafia-style system that has developed has led to  this vast drug trafficking network, fueled by corruption and that poppy  production I talked about.   This has distorted Afghanistan's economy, and it has, frankly,  neutralized a lot of our economic aid. And yet the United States often,  over the course of the last 20 years, has tolerated these warlords,  these drug traffickers, and these corrupt defense contractors inside  Afghanistan because we consider the enemy of our enemy to be our  friend. Our entire mission there has often been built on a self- defeating strategy.   In fact, what began as a vital mission to eliminate the threat of  those who attacked us on September 11 has now, in some ways, become a  symbol of nearly everything that is wrong with American foreign policy.  Our armed presence in Afghanistan epitomizes this hubristic myth around  the power of U.S. troops abroad; that they can completely dismantle  terrorist networks by force, install and cultivate a stable democratic  government, and eliminate rampant corruption and illegal drug  cultivation.   Two decades and nearly $2 trillion dollars of spending later, we have  seen the limitations of those fantastical assumptions. Our generals  have offered PowerPoint presentation after PowerPoint presentation on  how this time it is going to be different, but it never is because the  failure really isn't in the execution. The failure has been in the  design.   A few thousand troops--and that is what we have there today--cannot  deliver security and political stability to a complex, multicultural,  multilingual nation, long resistant to centralized rule, on the other  side of the world.   We were right to pursue the al-Qaida terrorists who attacked us on  September 11, but that mission is completed, and it is time to face  facts about the limitations of American military power in Afghanistan  and bring our troops home.   Now, let's be clear, al-Qaida still wants to harm the United States,  but the threat that they pose today is nowhere near what it was 20  years ago when they attacked our Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania,  bombed the USS Cole, and killed thousands of Americans on September 11.   Intelligence estimates tell us that in Afghanistan, there may be only  200, 300, maybe 400 al-Qaida members total. The organization is no  longer capable of planning large-scale attacks against the United  States. That is what our intelligence estimates tell us. And, frankly,  there are far more al-Qaida members today in other countries, like  Yemen, for instance. Does that mean that we should also plant huge  numbers of U.S. troops in every place where there are security vacuums  to eliminate the terrorist threat from those countries? Of course not.   After two decades of the War on Terror, we have made a ton of  mistakes, but we have also gotten a lot better in terms of our  intelligence capabilities and our ability to strike against a terrorist  threat absent a huge in-country presence. Why not apply that lesson  learned to Afghanistan?   To their credit, the Trump administration was right to finally call  it like it is and state that the U.S. presence in Afghanistan couldn't  and shouldn't continue forever.   But as usual, the Trump team didn't put in the work to ensure that we  could do this responsibly by their deadline of May 1. So a 4-month  extension, announced by President Biden, will give us the space needed,  not to magically accomplish what we haven't been able to do in 20 years  but to realistically chart out the operational plans for pulling out  the 2,500 troops whom we still have there.   Now, finally, I want to be honest. When we withdraw, there is a real  possibility the situation in Afghanistan is going to get worse. It is  likely that fighting between the Afghan Government and the Taliban  escalates. At that point, either the Afghan Government will have to  lead the fight without the crutch of American support or the government  could collapse.   But this is the key point: That has been the dynamic for the last 15  years, and it is going to continue to be the dynamic for the next 15  years. It wouldn't be any different if we had stayed for another 5  years, another 20 years, or another year. There is simply no evidence  to suggest that things are going to change. After 20 years and billions  of dollars of investment in the Afghan Government, the onus has to be  on them to get their act together and to earn the support of the  people.   And one last point, being in Afghanistan is a choice, a choice to not  focus on other theaters that present more serious threats to  international norms, global stability, and American security. It bogs  America down having 2,500 troops there and thousands more contractors  and billions of dollars. It bogs us down in a theater that, frankly,  just matters less to us today than it did years ago.   Just within the last few days, China has leveled new threats to the  territorial integrity of its neighbors; Russia is amassing thousands of  troops on the border of Ukraine; and there are new worries about a  potential attack on NATO member states.   And remember, counterterrorism officials and our daily newsfeed  remind us that the most serious threat to America today is actually not  from foreign terrorist organizations but from domestic groups.   We spend more money than any other nation in the world on security,  but even given the gargantuan size of our global military footprint, we  cannot and should not be everywhere. We need to make choices every now  and again, and right now it is fantasy, not reality, that undergirds an  argument to stay in Afghanistan for another 10 years or 5 years or even  another year.   A big part of being President is making tough choices, and today  President Biden has made the right one to end this war   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   