 Madam President, we have had some bizarre weather in my  State in the last week or so. We are still reeling from a deadly winter  storm that hit all 254 counties in the State of Texas last week.   The snowstorm brought snow, ice, and prolonged subfreezing  temperatures. We don't have temperatures below zero in Texas--or at  least we haven't for a long, long time, but we did last week. As a  result, it paralyzed much of our critical infrastructure, leaving  millions without electricity, leaving them without heat, and leaving  them without running water for days on end.   The good news is that power has now been restored for the vast  majority of Texans, and cities are slowly lifting water boil notices as  water filtration systems come back online.   But a number of families are still facing outages, and as we have  seen during previous disasters, low-income and minority communities are  the hardest hit. Our top priority is to restore power and clean water  to every single Texan.   Throughout this episode--this tragedy, really--my staff and I have  been in contact with local, State, and, of course, Federal officials to  determine what kinds of things we can do to help and how we can  mobilize resources as soon as possible. As recovery efforts continue in  the coming days and weeks, I will continue to try to do that.   This is not unlike what we have to do periodically for hurricanes  that seem to find their way to the State of Texas. But in this case we  know that some of the problem was not an act of nature; it was a  failure to anticipate these subfreezing, subzero cold temperatures. So  we have got to ask not only ``What happened?'' but ``How can we prevent  it from happening again in the future?''   As I said, we experience, from time to time, hurricanes, occasionally  tornadoes and tropical storms or record-low temperatures, but we cannot  allow our infrastructure to go offline for days on end.   I want to thank the countless Texans who supported each other during  this crisis. There are those that have gone above and beyond the call  of duty in their official capacities, whether it is as first  responders, emergency dispatchers, utility and energy workers,  healthcare workers--the list goes on and on.   But there are also the unsung heroes--those who invited neighbors  into their homes, delivered hot meals to those in need, checked on an  elderly neighbor, those who towed vehicles stuck in the snow, and so  much more.   I just want to assure all of my constituents that we are in this  together, and we will do everything we can not only to find out how  this happened but what we can do to make sure it never happens again.   