 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here with my  friend, Mr. Perlmutter, and the bipartisan support that we are  receiving from Mr. Stivers. We are going to hear in a moment from the  distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Joyce), who has been a champion.   Sadly, I feel my good friend from North Carolina could have given his  speech 25 years ago. The legalization train has left the station. This  is a business in the United States that is approaching $20 billion of  revenue this year.   As has been pointed out, 97 percent of the American public has access  to some form of legal cannabis. Medical cannabis, 4 million patients  utilize it.   Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that has arrived, and it is being held  captive of the past practice by pretending that the Federal Government  can wish away the legalization of this subject. They can't. The flawed  Federal policies create serious problems.   As Mr. Perlmutter pointed out, we have had over 100 robberies in my  community, including a fatality. These cash-only enterprises are  sitting ducks for people who have nefarious aims. It is an invitation  for money laundering now because of the vast amount of cash that is  circulated.   It impacts so many legitimate businesses, real estate, insurance,  attorneys, accountants, who get caught up. We already heard reference  to what happened to Mr. Stivers' constituent in Ohio, a business that  provides gardening supplies, that risks losing their bank account.   It is time for us to address this inconsistency. It is time for us to  pass, again, the SAFE Banking Act. And it is time for us to move  forward with legalization on the Federal level with the MORE Act, which  will resolve these inconsistencies.   Once and for all, give the American people what they want and what  they repeatedly vote for across the country. Unleash this State legal  business to realize its full potential for health, the economy, and a  cry for racial justice.   I appreciate us being at this point for a critical first step along  the torturous path to full legalization, which I am confident will  happen this Congress and not a moment too soon.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the tragic passing of Steve  Fox, a pioneering advocate, strategist, a true leader in the marijuana  cannabis legalization effort.   It is fitting today that we are passing the SAFE Banking Act. We  wouldn't be where we are today without Steve and his amazing efforts.  His life work, leadership, and strategic brilliance are unmatched.   Passing this critical legislation today would be a small part of a  fitting memorial for a man whose efforts made it possible, indeed,  imperative to solve this problem.   I first met Steve as we were strategizing on the Oregon legalization  effort. Back in 2013, after the Colorado legalization campaign that he  orchestrated had passed and before Oregon joined the ranks of  legalization, he was already a legend. He pioneered so much of the  groundwork for the legalization movement that exploded after the  success of the Colorado campaign which owed so much to his strategic  brilliance.   Steve was thoughtful, hardworking, and self-effacing. While this has  become a national movement with many leaders now emerging, none compare  with Steve. Few will fully understand his many contributions and  importance. I for one will miss his genuine, quiet leadership.   As someone who's been working on this longer than anyone in American  politics, I know we are all deeply, deeply indebted to Steve. We mourn  his loss, extend our thoughts to his family and many friends.   This should be the year that we finish the pioneering work of his  career. It would be a fitting capstone to a lifetime of cannabis  leadership, activism, and progress.   