 Person Speaker, I thank the distinguished  ranking member from North Carolina for yielding.   Person Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the PUMP for Nursing  Mothers Act, or should I call it the pump for nursing persons act? I  can't keep up with the rules of this House.   At a time, Person Speaker, when we have 10 million job openings, why  does the Democrat majority have such contempt and disdain for  struggling businesses, job creators, and employers?   With businesses already suffering from endless regulations and the  resulting costs passed on to consumers, not to mention being saddled  with the vaccine mandates, endless COVID restrictions, why are  Democrats relentlessly consumed with making things worse?  [[Page H5803]]    The fact is, Democrats are economically illiterate. They don't  understand that the government doesn't have any money, they can only  take it from taxpayers, and businesses don't truly pay taxes or pay for  regulations. They have two choices: Close or pass on those costs to  consumers.   Democrats believe that employers are abusing and exploiting their  workers, and Democrats are working every day to punish them, with the  result being more lost jobs, greater supply shortages, and higher  inflation as we see around our country today.   We all believe in an equal workplace for men and women, but I oppose  legislation that falsely victimizes employees and is truly just another  payout for trial lawyers, otherwise known as Democrat donors. They are  seeking to exploit these excessive new penalties on businesses.   The fact is employers want happy and productive employees. They are  working hard to attract and retain those workers. And they are already  making these accommodations without the heavy hand of the Federal  Government.   I encourage my colleagues across the aisle to visit a business or  talk to an employer.   This regulation was written by trial lawyers, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I will be doing the same.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   There are so many crises in this country right now. While many of us  recognize that this President was a hard left radical, probably most of  us underestimated the speed and the effectiveness with which he could  ruin just about every situation, every issue in our country.   It is hard, therefore, to identify what is the greatest threat to the  country right now, what is the greatest crisis that faces our country  right now--with no hope on the horizon, by the way, for any of them to  get better under this administration; whether it is the vaccine  mandates, things we couldn't imagine just a year or two ago.   When this President ran for office, he said he wouldn't issue a  vaccine mandate if he would win, and now we see today where people are  being laid off. Those who were heroes over the last year and a half are  now zeros and are getting fired from their jobs. Those who kept us safe  on a daily basis, the first responders, the healthcare workers, our  military. So is it the vaccine mandates?   Is it the out-of-control reckless, irresponsible, unprecedented  spending that we see? I mean, we already have 28, $29 trillion worth of  debt, which is some 80 to $90,000 per American and yet, we find  ourselves today with the majority party trying to determine how they  can come together for another 5, $6 trillion, whatever the amount might  be. Is it the spending?   Is it our education system? Whether it is the product that we are not  getting with how much we spend on education, the Federal mandates, the  intrusion into local and State education. Whether it is the teaching of  CRT or that sort of philosophy where there is transgender policy.  Whether it is masks and vaccines on children, which as others have  submitted--and I would agree--is child abuse with no demonstrated  medical justification for masks on children or vaccines for young  adults who are at almost no risk from COVID.   Are those the greatest issues?   Is it foreign policy? We have got China saber-rattling, shooting off  missiles. We have the debacle in Afghanistan. North Korea, Iran, and  Russia certainly have no reason to fear us under this President.   Is it the 30 percent rise in violent crime while our police are at  threat of their funding being reduced or they are being undermined and  harassed? They are told to stand down in the face of looting and  violence in their cities.   Is it massive inflation? The hidden tax on every American, where  their savings, their hard-earned resources, are being depleted by too  many dollars chasing too few goods?   Is it the breakdown of the supply chain and what that is going to  mean in the coming months ahead?   Is it our declaring war on American energy, forcing us to again  depend on foreign provision from hostile nations for our energy; the  jobs that are lost in that? The higher gas prices?   But I submit to your point, Congressman Gohmert, immigration, illegal  immigration, and the invasion, the absolute invasion at our southern  border may be the biggest crisis.   As you know well, the Constitution says in Article IV, Section 4: It  is the responsibility of the Federal Government to protect the States  from invasion, and that is clearly not happening.   And I submit, as we talk about this issue, never in the history of  our country has our own President intentionally done more to harm the  Nation than what this President has done with the invasion at our  southern border.    This is the greatest country in the world, as  you know, Congressman Gohmert. There is a reason why people from all  over the world want to come to the United States. Never in the history  of the world has a nation been more welcoming to immigrants, to people  from all corners of the globe who are seeking a better life, seeking  freedom. No nation in the history of the world has given more  opportunity to people of all backgrounds, all ethnicities, all  nationalities who come here legally seeking to join us, to strengthen  us as a nation, to make us a stronger nation, a more perfect Union,  people from all religions, all faiths, all races, all ethnicities  seeking desperately to come to the United States of America, a country  that is under assault for who it is as a nation by those on the left,  by  [[Page H5826]]  those on the other side of the aisle who condemn this country and want  to change and transform this country into that from which these people  are fleeing.   I had a reporter say to me once, well, there is not an easy fix here  to the immigration situation. And I said, well, it may not be easy, but  it is simple: All we have to do is go back to the policies that were  working a year ago that had largely defeated illegal immigration at our  southern border.   We know that walls work. I have had the privilege of going to the  border three times, twice to Arizona and once to Texas, in my first  nearly 10 months here serving in this Congress, something that  apparently our President has never done, and our Vice President has  certainly never done during her time as the ``border czar.''   But as I went and saw firsthand for the first time in my life--I had  driven past the border previously just from a car and I could see the  meager fence that was there before the previous President, but I had  never actually gotten out and visited and walked and talked with the  people who live there, the people who are subjected to this illegal  invasion, these folks, some of which are very dangerous, but all of  which are coming very desperately for different reasons, coming on  their property, vandalizing, invading, threatening, and in some cases,  harming.   I met with a rancher family who had a family member killed by an  illegal alien. But meeting with ranchers, law enforcement officials,  border patrol, those on the frontlines living with and then also  working as best as they can under this administration--frankly, against  this administration--to try to do what they can to deal with the border  crisis.   Walls do work. The enforcement that we had in place a year ago was  working, ending catch and release, establishing MPP--the remain in  Mexico policy--turning folks away through Title 42 policies. We were on  the way to fixing our illegal immigration situation.   But this administration with complicit help and support from this  Democrat majority in this Congress is not just neglecting our southern  border, not just failing to fix our broken illegal immigration  situation, but they are part and parcel complicit and intentional in  facilitating this invasion, and as you know all too well, as you have  already touched on, hiding it from the American people as they do it.    Madam Speaker, once again, I'll say how  privileged we are to be among the some 5 percent of the world's  population that gets to live here, in spite of all the things that we  are battling through and we are struggling through as a Nation, the  crises we are facing, the tyranny of this current regime that is  leading us.   Our first President, who I believe was our greatest President, I  believe divinely inspired, appointed by God to be that first President  for the United States, who would not be king, refused to be king. And  instead, we find ourselves today with one who seemingly would be king,  if he could; or thinks that he is king, it seems, by actions.   In a free country, which we still are, to some degree----    To some degree, it is not the government's role  to protect us from ourselves. We choose, in a free society, to endure  or be exposed to some risks for our precious  [[Page H5827]]  freedoms. We are a Nation of the people, by the people, for the people.  A Nation whose founding documents proclaim our God-given right to life,  liberty, and the pursuit--not the government provided--but the pursuit  of happiness.   And here we find ourselves today, something we could almost not have  imagined even a year or two ago, where our most precious, most basic of  freedoms, have been under threat, under assault, or worse, stripping  away from us in the name of a pandemic, in the name of an emergency.   The American people should make no mistake, that COVID policy needs  to be viewed through a long-term lens. There is no such thing as a one- time exception. What we will endure or accept or submit to today  becomes the pattern, the model for the future.    And, again, our most basic freedoms we have seen are freedom of  movement, where we can go; our freedom of assembly, who we can be with;  our freedom to work and to provide for ourselves and our family, to  open our business, to frequent a business, to worship. And then the  most basic of freedoms of all--our freedom of our person. That we now  have a President, again, who a year ago, because he would not have  gotten elected otherwise, said he would not enforce a vaccine mandate,  later said he did not have the authority to enforce a vaccine mandate.  And you know better than I, constitutionally, has no authority to  enforce this vaccine mandate.   Setting aside whether or not it is helpful or justified medically,  just speaking legally and constitutionally, the Federal Government has  no authority to do this. Certainly, the executive does not have the  authority to act like a king and do this. And certainly, he does not  have the authority to compel businesses to do that which he does not  have the authority to do.   And yet, we see a total disregard. This was a President that ran as  the uniter in chief, and instead, he is the divider in chief,  separating and dividing people based on vaccine status. Demanding that  people disclose their most basic of personal information, whether or  not they have received a vaccine, and then under threat of penalty of  their job and worse, not be able to, again, go where they want to go  and do what they want to do, if they don't comply with the heavy hand  of the Federal Government.   And in this terrible, terrible spending package, which is not just  the trillions of dollars, but it is what is in it, one of many, many  terrible things in it that the American people need to know about it is  making the penalty for a business that doesn't comply with this vaccine  mandate up to $700,000 dollars per occurrence.   And to your point, what a shame, what a travesty that our own  government is lying to us about COVID and about the vaccine. Here, we  know that medicine and science is supposed to be challenged. It is  supposed to be debated. It is supposed to be learned from. We don't  want the same medicine from yesteryear. We want the very best from  today, that we don't just hold on to what was before. We get a medical  diagnose that is troubling, we get a second opinion; we consult with  more than one person. We learn. We establish the evidence.   But as you know, this government, this Federal Government, this  executive administration, with their complicit allies in the media and  in Big Tech, shuts down any dissent--to your point--on the stated  narrative, the approved narrative, no matter how many times over the  doctor in chief, the celebrity doctor in chief is proved wrong or  contradictory--whether it is on gain of function or whatever it might  be--any dissent is shut down on the risks of the vaccine. And there are  risks.   And some people understandably make the decision that for them,  because of their health, because of their youth, because of their  exposure, or because they have natural immunity because they have  already had COVID, or the religious reasons or whatever it might be,  they decide they don't want to have the vaccine. And this government  and their complicit allies that we have already mentioned, are lying to  us that there are risks to the vaccine.   They obviously have been lying to us about the efficacy of the  vaccine, because as you made the great point, we are going to force the  unvaccinated to get the vaccine that doesn't protect the vaccinated  from the unvaccinated. They are lying to us about the efficacy of  masks.   As you know, what we are forced to wear in this Chamber when we are  not speaking at the lectern, pretending that a cloth mask makes a  difference. There is medical documentation for that, which there is  very little conclusive evidence to that effect, as you know.    Yes, I yield to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, this administration, this  executive branch of government, as you said, is weaponizing its  agencies, its departments, its resources against the American people.   On the COVID vaccine mandate that you were mentioning, what greater  weapon can we use than to strip folks of their ability to earn a  living? But it is part and parcel with this government, this  administration, this Presidential regime which believes that the  greatest threat to America is Americans, conservatives, patriots, those  who vote the wrong way, as they see it, those who might have supported  the previous President, those who show up to school board meetings,  those who don't get a vaccine that they say you have to receive.  [[Page H5828]]    They are weaponizing the IRS. Here in this budget that they want to  approve, the trillions of dollars, they want to hire some 85,000 more  IRS agents so they can be more effective in their assault on the  American people.   Here we are turning the Federal Government against parents who show  up at school board meetings to express their concern for their children  or what is being taught in their schools, which they have to pay for,  by the way, that they have to fund.   You see that this administration looks with contempt upon the  American people, with contempt upon our law enforcement and first  responders, with contempt upon our military. They have told our  military that the greatest threat to the country, in addition to  climate, is white supremacy in the military, racism in the military. We  see the CRT forced upon our military, while we have the Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs saying he wants to understand what white rage is.   I would like for him to understand what China is doing, what is going  on in Afghanistan, what is up with North Korea, what is up with Iran,  what is up with Afghanistan. Instead, they are focused on weaponizing  the Federal Government and all of its resources against our very  citizens.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Gohmert for  allowing me to participate with him.   The final thing that I will add is we certainly have agreement and  recognition, as I think most Americans do, that we have surrendered  control of K-12 through college of our education system to the hard  left radicals, and it is refreshing to see parents engaged and parents  standing up and saying that this is not what they are paying for and  this is not what they are going to stand for.   That is the silver lining of the pandemic, as more parents became  aware of it.   I will make one more reference to my final words here on the spending  package that is being debated by the majority as they are trying to  come to an agreement to bring it to the floor for a vote.   It would take it a step further, as my friend knows, it would take it  to not only free community college, which is a step toward free college  and probably eliminating faith-based institutions that wouldn't be  eligible for the free college, by the way--the marketplace  [[Page H5829]]  would probably eliminate them as families chose the free public  education--but it would take it to the preschool and the childcare that  is now proposed to be free. Faith-based institutions would not be  eligible for the free childcare, daycare, and preschool. That is an  assault on the choice that families make.   Then the requirement in this bill would be that daycare workers and  preschool workers would have to have a college education, and that is  an assault on those home-based daycare and preschool facilities because  this administration and their allies in academia are determined to get  control of our children now from age 2 or 3 in preschool and beyond at  your provided taxpayer expense.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for allowing me to be with him.   