 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to today's  impeachment resolution, H. Res. 24, against President Trump.   First, it is a tragedy that we are here once again with this body,  the United States House of Representatives, moving forward with  impeaching President Trump.   This body impeached the president during the 116th Congress which  resulted in his acquittal in the Senate. Before President Trump, there  have only been two presidents impeached by the House of  Representatives.   Now, after the majority party in the House did not get what they  wanted the first time with impeachment, they are at it again a second  time.   Their blind hatred of the President and four years of denying the  results of the election have led them to one final moment of doing this  again.   This impeachment is being held in the court of public opinion. I have  found no constitutional grounding for President Trump's impeachment.   If Democratic leadership wanted us to take their stunt seriously, the  least they could have done was attempted to present some sort of  evidence in a formal trial.   Make no mistake, this is not the way the House should be conducting  business.   The nation and world have been through a global pandemic this past  year which has destroyed many small businesses and jobs across our  county.   Yet, the House majority leadership could not be bothered to  compromise on much-needed relief. They focused on playing politics with  people's lives and making sure the president had one less  accomplishment on his record ahead of the November 2020 election.   So why is the House spending its time on impeachment with H. Res. 24?  Simply there are many who never liked President Trump, never gave him a  chance, and have only sought to remove him from office since day one.   With just days left before the president leaves office, House  Democrats have decided to implement their double standard yet again.   Many of my House colleagues from the other side of the aisle have  spent an incredible amount of energy on fanning the flames of political  unrest. They have called for riots and said peaceful protests are not  enough.   President Trump called for his supporters to protest peacefully. When  things got out of hand, he called on them to stand down and listen to  law enforcement officials.   When violent protests got out of hand across the country this past  summer you did not see the same type of condemnation from the  Democratic Party.   President Trump has already said there will be an orderly transition  on January 20, 2021. We need to move forward and help to ensure that  the incoming Biden-Harris administration has everything they need to  assume office on day one.   We are deeply divided in this country right now. Impeachment without  constitutional grounding does nothing but disenfranchise the 74 million  people that voted for President Trump.   I strongly oppose these impeachment efforts in the House and do not  wish to create a further divide in our country.   