 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, as we celebrate Women's History Month, we do so with  an awareness that so much work in the fight for equality remains. Much  has been accomplished, but much remains to be done. This is one of  those.   That is what the House is focusing on this week, women's equality,  women's safety and justice, and women's opportunity. I am proud that we  are taking action to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act within  the first 3 months of the new Congress.   I was a cosponsor--and proud of it--of the original 1994 Violence  Against Women Act. We passed the original VAWA on a bipartisan basis  and reauthorized it with bipartisan support in 2000 and again in 2005.  Those were overwhelming votes of 371-1 and 415-4.   Now we are talking about the equal rights amendment, I understand.   In 2013, we did it again on VAWA, 87 Republicans joining all 199  Democrats in the House vote. Every time we reauthorized the law, we  made it stronger, ensuring protections for more women who were  victimized by domestic abuse, stalking, and other crimes.   Last Congress, our House Democratic majority passed a VAWA  reauthorization that included these expanded protections, but Senate  Republicans blocked it from consideration. Not that they offered an  alternative, not that they said: This is a problem and we need to solve  it. It has been bipartisan, so here is our view and we will go to  conference on it.    They simply blocked it.   It is essential, Madam Speaker, that Congress take action with a  long-term reauthorization of VAWA, made all the more critical by the  rise in domestic violence we have seen during the COVID-19 pandemic and  more people having to stay home; an epidemic of domestic violence.  Let's send a message to the women and men of America that Congress will  continue to do its part to root out domestic violence and abuse.   I was just with Congresswoman Jackson Lee, the sponsor and the chair  of the Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security Subcommittee. Chairman  [[Page H1424]]  Nadler is now speaking. I said then, as I say now: It is critical that  we pass this legislation.   I agree with President Biden, the author of the original 1994  Violence Against Women Act, that strengthening and renewing VAWA is  long past due. Once we pass it in the House, I hope the Senate will  send it quickly to President Biden to sign it into law.   Madam Speaker, I am speaking on both VAWA, obviously, and the ERA,  two very critically important pieces of legislation.   Last year, Virginia became the 38th State to ratify the equal rights  amendment. When I hear the opposition to the equal rights amendment,  you would think that we were organizing to defeat women's rights. I  think some of these speeches were written by Lewis Carroll.   After Virginia passed and became the 38th State, the House passed a  resolution to affirm that, with Virginia's action, the equal rights  amendment had been duly added to our Constitution as the 28th  Amendment. However, the Republican-led Senate refused to do the same.   Now, with the Democratic-led Senate, I am hopeful that Congress can  affirm the adoption of that amendment and provide strong, legal backing  to those seeking to have it recognized by our courts as a full part of  our Constitution.   What little faith we demonstrate in the courts of the United States  of America when it is going to be interpreted, according to some, as  not affirming equal rights for women, but somehow undermining equal  rights. That is why I say that I think these speeches were written by  Lewis Carroll.   The amendment simply states, as I am sure has been said: ``Equality  of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United  States or by any State on account of sex.''   How can that be misinterpreted to say somehow we are enunciating a  proposition that would undermine rather than protect and lift up the  rights of women?   It is long overdue that we, as a Nation, affirm this truth: that all  men and women are created equal. Not the same, quite obviously, but  equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that  among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   Madam Speaker, I have two granddaughters and I have three great- granddaughters. The late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg--the famous or, as  she would say from time to time, the infamous RGB--said this: ``I would  like to see my granddaughters, when they pick up the Constitution, to  see that notion--that women and men are persons of equal stature--I'd  like them to see that it is a basic principle of our society.''   Madam Speaker, that is what this amendment is about. It should have  been passed two centuries ago, but it is never too late to do the right  thing. And we can take a major step forward this week to make that  happen by passing the bipartisan resolution offered by Representatives  Jackie Speier and   Tom Reed.   I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting both H.J. Res. 17 and  the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. Both will  articulate our concern for women, for mothers, for daughters, for  sisters, for neighbors, for friends.   We have a chance this week to send a message that Congress will not  tolerate violence or discrimination against women, and we have an  opportunity to mark this Women's History Month, not just with words,  but with actions that mean something by making history in a very  positive way, benefiting not only women, but our Nation as a whole.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support these two very  important pieces of legislation.   