 Madam President, I rise this afternoon to announce my  support for this bipartisan infrastructure legislation. Coming to this  decision has not been easy or straightforward.   As the minority leader said recently, I am quite confident that out  of 100 U.S. Senators, there are 100 of us who believe this bill is  imperfect. I want to associate myself with that statement. The bill we  are now debating is far from perfect. If I were the only one with a  pen, I would have made many changes. But at the end of the day, I  believe this package will do a great service for the United States of  America and a great service for my home State of Mississippi.   Republicans and Democrats agree that roads, bridges, broadband,  ports, and rail are the building blocks of a healthy economy. This bill  makes historic downpayments on those core priorities.    I am pleased that this bill incorporates all of the Surface  Transportation Investment Act of 2021, which Senator Cantwell and I  cosponsored, and which passed out of the Commerce Committee by a vote  of 25 to 3, with the support of 14 Democrats and 11 Republicans. The  provisions of that bill ensure that Mississippi will get a fair shake  in the competitive grant programs included in this bill, which total  more than $20 billion.   This bill has a number of other vitally important provisions that  will benefit Mississippi. It provides my State a lump sum of $3.3  billion for roads and highways, as well as $225 million to replace and  repair bridges. We will also be able to compete for funding from  another $12.5 billion in bridge grants.   Mississippi has nearly 6,000 miles of highway in poor condition, and  over a thousand bridges are also in poor condition in our State.  Commute times in Mississippi are up 5.6 percent over the last decade.  According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, Mississippi  drivers, on average, are paying an extra $820 per year in extra vehicle  repairs and operating costs.   No one disputes that my State and other States are in desperate need  of significant new funding for roads and bridges, and this legislation  does that.   The historic investments in this bill mean that Mississippians can  have an easier time dropping off their children at school and shorter  commutes to work. First responders will also be able to reach those in  need much more quickly, potentially saving lives.   Separately, Mississippi will receive $223 million for public transit,  $283 million for water projects, and an estimated $100 million for  airport upgrades and repairs.   Our ports and rail systems also stand to benefit. This bill  authorizes $2.25 billion for U.S. ports; $5 billion for rail through  the Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvements--or  CRISI--Program; and $3 billion to provide safety features for grade  crossings, something that is desperately needed across this country.   This bill will also clear away obstacles for major construction  projects by streamlining the Federal permitting process. The Army Corps  of Engineers will get $9.5 billion, meaning Mississippi will have new  funding opportunities for flood control projects, which are badly  needed.   And high-need communities will be first in line for those projects,  thanks to an amendment I sponsored with the senior Senators from  Delaware and Oklahoma. This should benefit urban areas, like the Pearl  River Basin, as well as rural areas throughout Mississippi and  throughout our Nation, which have faced the constant threat of flooding  for far too long.   In another positive provision of this bill, the Senate adopted my  amendment authorizing the Minority Business Development Agency--MBDA-- for the first time ever. It had never been authorized. This will send  new business resources to rural areas and a boost of support to  historically Black colleges and universities, which are economic  anchors in their communities.   And I would add the good news we got just last month: Mississippi  will soon be home to a new MBDA center.   I also want to mention rural broadband, which will see a tremendous  boost because of this legislation. This bill lines up $65 billion to be  spent on broadband deployment, taking us one giant step toward closing  the digital divide.   Based on the Federal formula, Mississippi will receive a minimum of  $100 million from these funds. That is on top of the $495 million  Mississippi was recently awarded through the Rural Digital Opportunity  Fund--or RDOF--auctions, and the $275 million of COVID relief funds  that we are spending on broadband infrastructure in Mississippi.   No Senator has been a stronger advocate than I have on broadband  buildout. Reliable, high-speed broadband is critical to ensuring rural  States are competitive for the next generation, and this bill will help  us get there.   It is no secret that I have registered my concerns about the way this  bill waives some of the normal processes that make for good Federal  rulemaking. As written, this bill makes it so that the NTIA can choose  not to receive public comment on its broadband buildout plans; and it  short-circuits the judicial review section of the Administrative  Procedure Act, giving stakeholders a much smaller voice in the overall  buildout process.   I hope the NTIA will take care to avoid the wasteful and costly  mistakes of the past and make sure these broadband dollars are spent  efficiently, effectively, and with the benefit of stakeholder comment.   I was pleased that my colleagues included language to prohibit the  Federal Government from setting broadband rates. This would have been  an unwelcome intrusion into the private market, and the inclusion of  this clarifying language was absolutely critical.   The internet in this country has been able to meet the demands of the  COVID-19 pandemic in large part because of our light-touch regulatory  framework, which has encouraged more broadband buildout. This stands in  stark contrast to our European friends, who suffered severe slowdowns  because of their burdensome internet rules.   One pivotal moment of this debate on this subject involved a colloquy  that I shared last week with the senior Senator from New Hampshire,  Senator Shaheen, the chief negotiator for this title. Senator Shaheen  confirmed on the Senate floor that preventing regulation of internet  rates was the express intent of the language in the broadband title.  Without this specific language in the legislation and the assurance  made during that colloquy, I would not have been able to support this  bill on final passage.    Now, some have expressed concern about the cost of this bill. Offsets  have been provided, and the negotiators provided pay-fors for every  expenditure; but, admittedly, the Congressional Budget Office did not  agree with all the pay-fors.   Republicans, for decades, have advocated more use of dynamic scoring,  and I wish the CBO had used dynamic scoring in this instance. It is  unfortunate that the CBO refuses to acknowledge that economic growth  will result in higher revenues.   It should be clear to us all that the investments in this legislation  will generate a stronger economy and larger sums of revenue. Experts  have predicted these investments will make it less costly for  businesses to operate and will lead to greater productivity.   For example, the widely used Penn Wharton Budget Model has projected  this bill will increase hourly wages by .1 percent and reduce  government debt by .9 percent. You heard that right. The Penn Wharton  Model says this bill will reduce government debt, a prediction not to  be taken lightly.   Michael Strain of the American Enterprise Institute, a respected  conservative think tank, has said these investments in hard  infrastructure will ease the pressure on inflation rather than  contributing to inflation.   In other words, this investment in infrastructure will result in  tremendous economic growth--growth that some of our budgetary bean  counters are not willing to account for.   Now, it is important to make this point emphatically: This  legislation involving hard infrastructure, which I support, stands in  sharp contrast to the  [[Page S6054]]  Democrats' forthcoming bill, which will certainly not gain even one  Republican vote, and which the 50 Democrats in the Senate and a slim  majority in the House hope to pass with only Democrat votes.   They say their bill will be infrastructure part two, but a momentary  glance of what they are proposing should dispel any notion that their  bill counts as real infrastructure.   I will say it clearly and for the record: My Democratic colleagues  are teeing up for next week a reckless tax-and-spending spree that our  country does not need and cannot afford. The Democrats' reckless budget  bill will amount to a staggering $3.5 trillion. It threatens the  successful Trump tax cuts. It includes crushing tax hikes on job  creators; hundreds of billions in wasteful giveaways to green  corporations; and a slew of spending that would heat up inflation,  jeopardize our recovery, and drive our Nation deeper into debt.   Democrats are even considering an amnesty measure--in the midst of  the worst border crisis in recent memory--without giving a thought to  improving border security, which would count as real infrastructure.  But that is next week's bill, not this one.   This bill, the bipartisan bill that I am supporting tonight, is the  real infrastructure deal that America needs.   As the Senate moves forward with this important debate, and as I  consider the infrastructure needs of my own State of Mississippi, it is  instructive for me to recall the history of infrastructure programs I  have personally seen at the State level.   In 1968, my father was a first-term State senator from Pontotoc,  Union, and Benton Counties in north Mississippi. One of his major goals  that year was the passage of a comprehensive four-lane highway program.  That was 1968. The legislature met from January until September of that  year, with vote after vote on the highway bill, before finally  adjourning in frustration with the hope of trying again next year.  Sadly, the next year came and went, as did others, with no meaningful  highway legislation.   It was not until 1987--a full 19 years later, when I myself was a  candidate for the State senate--that a major four-lane highway bill was  finally enacted, and only then by the tiniest of margins in a vote to  override a gubernatorial veto.   If you ask almost anyone involved in economic development efforts  during the decades that followed, and even today, they will tell you  that the 1987 four-lane highway bill was one of Mississippi's most  significant pieces of legislation for job creation.   For this smalltown boy from Mississippi, this is just as pivotal a  moment. For my State's economy, today is such a moment.   When will it come again?   Maybe next year, maybe the next administration, maybe 19 years.   Can we afford to pass on this opportunity?   We cannot afford to pass this opportunity up.   I will be voting yes on this legislation.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   