 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the chairman for his  leadership bringing this very timely bill to the floor. I want to thank  Mr. Connolly for his leadership, and Mr. Chabot, who, I think, is  trying to get here as well.  [[Page H3170]]    COVID-19 could end up, at the end of the day, costing the global  economy upwards of $10 trillion. Of course, the full impact of viruses  like COVID-19 is not just measured in economic disruption around the  world, but also in the millions of lives that have been lost, somewhere  upwards of four million people.   COVID-19 has proven viruses know no borders, as the chairman said. It  is imperative the United States work to prevent future pandemics and be  prepared to respond to diseases with pandemic potential.   So, again, I want to thank my colleagues who have been involved in  this for introducing the Global Health Security Act and for their work  to address this important issue.   This bill ensures a whole-of-government approach to prepare for and,  hopefully, prevent future pandemics. It also establishes a new  multilateral fund that will ensure all countries have access to the  necessary resources to prevent and respond to future outbreaks.   Our committee has a history of working together to achieve bipartisan  success, but particularly on legislation related to global health. It  is not Republican or Democrat. This is an American issue. It is also a  human issue and an international issue.   The Global Health Security Act is just yet another example of this  great bipartisan work that we do and that makes me so proud to be a  Member of Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   Mr. Speaker, this is a very timely bill. We have seen utter  devastation, in terms of human lives, and the economy being impacted by  this.   We need to ensure, Mr. Speaker, this never happens again. There will  be another COVID-like virus that will be a variant. We need to work  with the global community to ensure this never happens again.   We also need to find out the origins of COVID-19, how this happened  in the first place. Not for revenge, but to find out how it happened so  we can stop it from ever happening again.   I give my strong support to this important legislation. The timing  couldn't be more relevant and appropriate. I thank Mr. Connolly for his  leadership and the chairman for bringing this bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the chairman for working  with me to bring this to the floor. We passed this the last Congress,  and I hope the Senate will pay attention, as this is a very important  issue.   In the last year alone, ISIS- and al-Qaida-affiliated terrorist  attacks in the Sahel have more than doubled, killing over 4,000 people.   Just two weeks ago, at least 130 civilians were killed in Burkina  Faso in an attack reportedly carried out by child soldiers. This was  the worst attack in that country in years.   As we speak, ISIS and al-Qaida affiliates are growing in strength,  they are increasing in size, they are becoming more violent, and they  are pushing further south into coastal West Africa. Innocent civilians  are paying the price.   A military solution alone will not stabilize the Sahel. Mali has  experienced two coups in a year. This is unacceptable and underscores  the importance of U.S. engagement, along with our partners, to address  governance challenges in the region.   Without adequate attention to the root causes of extremism, violence,  and community grievances, we will never meaningfully address security  challenges in the Sahel.   I want to thank my colleague, Representative Keating, for his support  of this legislation as well as the chairman. This bill will pass again.  It is time for the Senate to pass it and make it into law.   This bill mandates the State Department, the Defense Department, and  USAID to coordinate their efforts in the region, very similar to the  Global Fragility Act we passed and signed into law.   This will help balance our diplomatic, defense, and development  efforts to combat instability and terrorist activity in the Sahel.   The program also works with countries such as Chad, Burkina Faso,  Niger, and Nigeria to build their capacity to conduct counterterrorism  operations, prevent the spread of violent extremism, and strengthen the  rule of law.   We have learned firsthand that terrorists left unchecked and allowed  to exploit safe havens will pose great threats to the United States'  national security interest.   The situation in the region is dire, and we cannot afford to squander  critical taxpayer resources, if they are not achieving results. This  really provides for congressional oversight as well of the State  Department and the Department of Defense, in terms of how they are  monitoring this important program.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important measure,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, again, and Representative  [[Page H3174]]  Keating for their work. As we have seen around the world, COVID-19 has  made an already dire situation worse in this region.   As humanitarian needs are rising, forced displacement has increased  and local communities are becoming more vulnerable.   In June, the U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Peace Operations  testified to the U.N. Security Council that terrorist groups are trying  to capitalize on the pandemic to undermine and destabilize governments  in the Sahel.   This cannot wait. I urge the administration to work with  international partners to increase our engagement in the region. It is  imperative we address the underlying drivers of extremism in order to  truly combat rising terrorist activities.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, let me first say I support this bill to repeal the 1991  Authorization for Use of Military Force for the first Gulf war. That  law provided authority to use our military to enforce specific United  Nations resolutions opposing Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait.   With the success of Operation Desert Storm, the Iraqi troops were  expelled from Kuwait, and combat operations concluded in early 1991,  more than 30 years ago.   The specific point of this law was accomplished. Therefore, there is  no reason to leave it on the books.   It is, in that sense, very different from the 2002 Iraq AUMF we voted  on before. That authority has been used consistently since its  enactment to address terrorist threats in and emanating from Iraq and  was most recently used--not that authority--but we saw a strike from  the President against Shia militia proxies in Iraq and Syria. Those  threats continue to this day. Unfortunately, not all can be targeted  using the 2001 AUMF.   Real war powers reform means consulting with our military commanders  and intelligence experts. It means updating Article I authorities so  the President can use them to address the deadly terrorists who  threaten Americans today.   It does not mean repealing old AUMFs without replacing them, although  for this one, we don't need to. It does not mean telling the President  just to rely on Article II powers when there is no consensus about  their reach.   This law, which is tied to U.N. resolutions about the 1990 invasion  of Kuwait, legally cannot be used to launch new military engagements in  the 21st century.   I support this repeal. I thank Ms. Spanberger for bringing this. This  is an example of how we can work together to clean up these old AUMFs  and hopefully move forward with an updated AUMF.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Let me just say, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms.  Spanberger) for bringing this repeal. It is a real step forward. I also  want to thank her for her service in the intelligence community over  the years, protecting this Nation from the threats that we face. I also  want to thank the chairman for really exercising great leadership on  this issue.   I don't know the fate of the 2002 AUMF in the Senate, but I can tell  you this one, it should sail. It is a very historic moment because it  could be the first time in my memory that the Congress has finally  reasserted its Article I authority and cleaned up very outdated, old  AUMFs.   I see this as a very positive day, working together as Republicans  and Democrats on reasserting our congressional authorities, reasserting  the fact that, under the Constitution, it is the Congress that has the  power to declare war, not the President of the United States.   This committee addresses nothing more grave than issues of war and  peace. I think this is, again, a very historic opportunity.   I know, yesterday, the President did attack Shia proxies in Iraq and  Syria. I hope I can work with the chairman on updating the 2002 and  2001 AUMFs so we can repeal the 2001 and update it to what are the  modern threats that we face. After all, they are over 28 years old.  Many serving may not have even been born at the time those were passed  by Congress.   It is refreshing to see this kind of leadership from the chairman  coming out of this committee. I applaud him, commend him. I commend the  gentlewoman from Virginia for bringing this measure forward. I look  forward to it being passed by the Senate and cleaning up, as we say,  the housekeeping on the books. I also look forward to exercising our  authorities moving forward.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First of all, I thank the chairman for, again, exercising our Article  I constitutional responsibilities. That is what leadership is all  about, and this one is very bipartisan, and again, I think historic.  Because in my memory we have never done this before successfully.   I also thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Meijer) for introducing  this bill to repeal an aging AUMF that has never been used in the 64  years since it was enacted.   Now, I have to say, Mr. Speaker, I wasn't even born when this AUMF  was enacted. Just barely, though. I was born not long after that. But  that is amazing as I stand here at almost 60 years old. That law gave  the President authority to ``use Armed Forces to assist any Middle East  nation requesting assistance against armed aggression from any country  controlled by international communism.''   This unused relic of the Cold War should not be left on the books or  on the shelf for a creative President to dust off and put to unexpected  use. So I think we all agree, if a President was to commit U.S. troops  to new hostilities in the Middle East, he or she should come to the  Congress for authorization.   Mr. Speaker, for that reason I support this repeal, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), the ranking member of the House Rules Committee, a  man who has dedicated quite a bit of time to this issue, and I would  say is one of the leaders in the House on Authorizations for Use of  Military Force and the War Powers Act and reasserting Congress' role.    Mr. Speaker I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Meijer), the author of this repeal.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, while the chairman was a toddler when this was enacted,  I still was not born. I want to make that point. That is how old this  thing is. And it is time. It is great to exercise our constitutional  responsibilities and repeal these outdated AUMFs so that they can never  be manipulated or exploited by a future President.   Again, I view this as a historic moment that Congress and this  committee are exercising its powers as the Founding Fathers had wanted  us to.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the author of this, Mr. Meijer, I thank the  chairman for his leadership, and I yield back the balance of my time.   