 Mr. Speaker, on August 26th, 13 American families  experienced the worst day of their lives.   They received the knock on the door that every parent of a  servicemember prays will never come.   For those families, the conversation that followed was the most  devastating news a person can receive: their child has been killed.   One of the marines we lost that day was Lance Corporal Jared Schmitz  from Wentzville in Missouri's Third Congressional District.   Lance Corporal Schmitz was just 20 years old when the military  transferred him from Jordan to Afghanistan during the U.S. evacuation.   Shortly after arriving in Kabul, Jared died while achieving his  lifelong goal of serving the American People in the United States  Marine Corps.   Because of Jared's and his fellow servicemembers' sacrifice,  thousands of Americans were able to return home safely.   They ensured that thousands of families did not get the heartbreaking  news Jared's parents received early in the morning of August 27th.   Because our servicemembers displayed a bravery most of us are not  capable of, countless kids saw their mom and dad again.   Brothers reunited with their sisters.   And terrified parents got to hug their children after days of  worrying that day would never come.   Nothing we can say on this floor will erase the pain far too many  military families live with every day.   No amount of gratitude nor a Congressional Gold Medal will change the  fact that the Schmitz family and 12 others will forever have an  unfillable hole in their hearts.   But what we can do with this bill is remind them of what they  hopefully already know: their loved-one represents the best of us.   They are the American heroes who allow 300 million people to live  freely in the greatest country in the history of the world.   Their loss is absolutely heartbreaking, but their sacrifice and their  lives will never be forgotten.   They will be remembered as the heroes they are and will live in the  hearts of millions of grateful Americans forever.   