 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4369, the National  Centers of Excellence in Advanced and Continuous Pharmaceutical  Manufacturing Act, a bill I introduced with my colleague, Energy and  Commerce Committee Chairman Frank Pallone. I enjoyed working with him  on this bill.   In 2016, I was proud to work with my fellow committee members on the  21st Century Cures Act, which included legislation to issue grants for  institutions of higher education to study the process of continuous  pharmaceutical manufacturing.   H.R. 4369, which we are considering today, builds on this partnership  established in the Cures Act. Advanced and continuous manufacturing for  pharmaceuticals is a new technology that allows for drugs to be  produced in a continuous stream, helping drugs get into the market  faster.   This is something that has become increasingly important during the  COVID-19 pandemic. We need to ensure that our drug supply chain does  not depend too heavily on other countries, such as China.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4369, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, this is an important bill. We have all  seen what happened with COVID-19, our dependence on the global supply  chain, particularly in pharmaceuticals. It is a national security issue  that we have our own production here.   As we saw, we have had shortages during the height of the pandemic,  and we are still experiencing other supply chain issues. As we know,  those will work themselves out.   Having access to our own pharmaceuticals is not a luxury that we have  time for them to work out themselves. We are hopeful that we will get  things moving again in a normal supply chain, but we absolutely must  take the action necessary to make sure that we make it in America, and  we don't depend on countries such as China.   Madam Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2379, the State Opioid  Response Grant Authorization Act. This important bill authorizes the  appropriations for the State Opioid Response grant program administered  by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.   The United States still remains in the midst of an opioid crisis that  has only been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Federal grants have  provided a substantial level of support to States that are on the front  lines of addressing substance use disorders, including opioid and  stimulant use disorders.   H.R. 2379 would ensure continued, predictable support for substance  use disorder prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts for several  years. I support passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Maryland for the  kind words.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr.  Curtis), my friend and an important member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I think this is a good bill. It is an  important bill.   All of our States have been affected by the opioid crisis, so it is  good that we are here today focusing on this in a bipartisan way  working together.   Madam Speaker, I urge the support of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 654, the Drug-Free  Communities Pandemic Relief Act, which was introduced by  Representatives Joyce and Kilmer.   The Drug-Free Communities Support Program funds community-based  coalitions that work to prevent youth substance use disorders. Their  work at the local level is important, especially as we sadly saw a  record in overdose deaths last year.   We all know that the economic consequences of the pandemic have  impacted many sectors, and that includes the sustainability of the  Drug-Free Communities Support Program. Under current law, coalitions  that receive Federal grants must match part of the funding with non- Federal funds. But the economic consequences of the pandemic have left  many coalitions struggling to meet the matching requirement.   H.R. 654 temporarily permits the Office of National Drug Control  Policy to waive the local matching requirement if a coalition is unable  to fulfill this requirement due to the pandemic. Providing targeted  relief for these coalitions will help them continue to implement local  strategies to address the increases in substance use disorders and  overdose deaths in our communities.   I thank Representatives Joyce and Kilmer for leading the support  initiative, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce), who is the primary sponsor of this piece of  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, my friend from Ohio said it best. Local solutions to  community problems. It is a national problem. It is a statewide  problem. But it is happening in each community, and so local solutions  are part of the strategy moving forward. And giving these coalitions  the opportunity to participate in these grants as they have seen some  other funding and other resources dry up due to the pandemic, it is  something that is important for us to continue and move this forward. I  appreciate my friend from Ohio and my other good friend from Washington  State for moving this forward.   Madam Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3635, Strengthening  America's Strategic National Stockpile Act, which was spearheaded by  Representatives Hudson and Slotkin. This legislation includes several  critical initiatives that will improve the Strategic National  Stockpile, or SNS.   First, the bill allows the SNS to transfer products between federal  agencies and to ensure they are used before their expiration.   Second, the bill directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services  to examine user fee agreements, ensure the SNS products are in working  order, and allows agreements with domestic producers to improve the  supply chain to refresh and replenish existing stocks.   Third, the bill directs the Federal Emergency Management Agency and  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to report on  distributions from the SNS, as well as requests for supplies from  State, local, Tribal, and territorial agencies.   Finally, the bill authorizes a pilot program to establish State  stockpiles. We must ensure our country is prepared to combat the next  health crisis, no matter if it is from a disease, disaster, or  terrorism.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation to improve and sustain the Strategic National Stockpile,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Hudson), my colleague, and a primary sponsor of  this piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Walorski), a member of the Committee on Ways and Means.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield  myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this piece of legislation.   Fortunately, the last big pandemic that came across the country was  in 1918, the flu pandemic, so over 100 years. What we learned, although  it was well-planned and all, the Strategic National Stockpile, until  you really face a pandemic like we have, you don't truly understand  exactly everything you need to do, although the Strategic National  Stockpile was there, it was drawn from, it was used. There were a lot  of lessons learned.   Madam Speaker, it is important that we apply these lessons. I  appreciate my colleagues for doing this, moving forward. Hopefully, it  will be another 100 years or more before we have to use the Strategic  National Stockpile, but it certainly is prudent that we are ready.   Madam Speaker, I urge the passage of this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4032, the  Open RAN Outreach Act.   Untrusted telecommunication companies, such as Chinese Communist  Party-backed Huawei, are able to offer low-cost equipment to small and  rural providers across the globe due to the Chinese Government  subsidizing them.   Due to congressional action, untrusted vendors can no longer provide  telecommunications equipment in the U.S., and bills I have supported,  such as Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act and USA  Telecommunications Act, help remove untrusted equipment to secure our  networks and promote competition.   The Open RAN Outreach Act further builds on our efforts to strengthen  our supply chain and ensure untrusted equipment is kept out of American  telecommunications networks.   Open RAN technology can help diversify telecommunications technology  and help increase competition. This technology is an open network  infrastructure that can have multiple components from multiple  manufacturers.   The Open RAN Outreach Act requires the National Telecommunications  and Information Administration to provide small and rural providers  information on the opportunities and challenges of implementing Open  RAN compatible technology.   If providers would like to use this technology, this bill also  requires NTIA to support implementation of Open RAN technologies.  Promoting a more competitive market of trusted alternative vendors to  provide 5G equipment remains an important component in the strategy to  protect U.S. networks.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Representatives Allred, Hudson, and  O'Halleran for working with me on this legislation, and I encourage my  colleagues to support this bill.   