 Mr. President, it is no secret that this Senator has  been a leader in promoting renewable energy sources. Iowa has done even  more to lead the Nation in biofuels production. This leads to a cleaner  environment and really increases America's energy independence.   Last week, Reuters reported the Biden administration is considering  ways to allow U.S. oil refiners to not meet their biofuel blending  requirements. This same administration has proposed hundreds of  billions of dollars in subsidies for electric vehicles but failed to  include any support for biofuels infrastructure, which play a vital  role in our Nation's transportation sector as well as our efforts to  reduce greenhouse gases.   Need I remind my colleagues, President Biden promised in his campaign  to ``promote and advance renewable energy, ethanol, and other biofuels  to help rural America and our nation's farmers.'' President Biden is  not keeping that promise.   Unfortunately, despite the administration's emphasis on the  environment and climate, their recent actions contradict that and  undermine their entire credibility. The biofuel industry has proven  that ethanol reduces greenhouse gas emissions from motor fuel by almost  half.   Almost every vehicle on the road can run on at least E10 ethanol.  Many retailers are now selling more E15 ethanol and other higher blends  like E85, if you have a vehicle that can use E85. Whether it is 10  percent, 15 percent, or 85 percent, it is cleaner than 100 percent  petroleum.   According to the Energy Information Administration, by 2050, 81  percent of new vehicle sales will still be gas-powered or flex fuel.   In my introductory telephone conversation with EPA Administrator  Regan, when he was nominated, he told me that biofuels are a major tool  in the Biden administration's plan to combat climate change. I stressed  to him at that time the importance of the biofuels industry to both  agriculture and energy, and Iowa happens to be the No. 1 producer of  ethanol.   No matter what the EPA or Big Oil says about the impact of its  waivers to oil companies making billions in profits, farmers and  biofuel producers know and feel the negative impact. Any attempt to  exempt oil refiners from their biofuels obligation is a blatant  bailout.   The law is simple: Blend biofuels or buy credits from those who do.  By adding more biofuels to our energy mix, we can reduce emissions from  dirty oil while keeping transportation costs low for working families.   Unfortunately, despite the administration's emphasis on environment,  it seems like biofuels don't appear to be much of a priority and well  short of what nominee at that time, now-EPA Director Regan said that it  would be. Now it looks like labor unions have been co-opted by Big Oil,  and we are doing their bidding in the White House.   President Biden is now faced with a decision. He can lower greenhouse  gases with biofuels or he can side with Big Oil to destroy biofuel  demand by illegally tampering with the renewable fuel standard, just as  we had problems with previous administrations, both Republican and  Democratic--referring to what the Obama and Trump administrations did  with the small refineries exemption.   Whether it is labor unions or Big Oil, I won't tire in standing up  for homegrown clean biofuels. I did that whether we had Democratic or  Republican administrations. I will continue to advocate for Iowans and  the biofuels because it strengthens U.S. energy independence, makes for  a cleaner environment, and creates jobs in rural America.   I encourage President Biden, EPA Administrator Regan, and my  colleagues from across the aisle to keep it clean.   Does President Biden want to be known as ``Big Oil'' Biden? I don't  think he does.   I yield the floor.   