 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from  New York, for organizing tonight and for inspiring rising generations  of Americans, including my own daughters, to dream bigger and to do  better.   I want to start my remarks by addressing those who have belittled,  dismissed, minimized, or criticized anyone who has experienced trauma  of any type, at any time, in any form. To you, I say I take pity on  you, and I say shame on you.   I was in this very room on January 6 when the insurrection began. I  was 1 of 20 colleagues up in the gallery, just over my shoulder, who  had to take cover behind our seats, on the floor, and struggle to  activate our gas masks, the whizzing sounds, the collective whizzing  sounds in this room, which none of us will ever forget.   We know the sound of the breaking glass, of the screams, and of the  furniture being moved in front of the doors. We know the feeling of  being trapped in this room and believing that being taken hostage may  be the best-case scenario.   We know what it feels like, searching for something, anything, with  which to defend ourselves, and realizing a pencil is about all we had.  We know what it feels like thinking that it is a real possibility that  we would not see our families and loved ones again.   We won't forget. We won't forget.   But I am not here this evening to seek sympathy or just to tell my  story--rather, to make a public apology.   Recognizing that we were sitting ducks in this room, as the Chamber  was about to be breached, I screamed to my colleagues to follow me  across the aisle to the Republican side of the Chamber so that we could  blend in--so that we could blend in--for I felt that the  insurrectionists who were trying to break down the doors right here  would spare us if they simply mistook us for Republicans. But within  moments, I recognized that blending in was not an option available to  my colleagues of color.   So, I am here tonight to say to my brothers and sisters in Congress,  and all around our country: I am sorry. I am sorry, for I had never  understood, really understood, what privilege really means.   It took a violent mob of insurrectionists and a lightning bolt moment  in this very room, but now I know. Believe me, I really know.   I want to close with an invitation, a hopeful invitation at that, to  everybody watching or listening. Whether you experienced January 6  right here in this room; whether you were barricaded in an office  across the street; or whether, like most Americans, you experienced it  through a television screen, please do not allow that day to change you  for the worse. Rather, please find something in it to improve yourself,  to improve our country, and to improve our world.   I surely did, and I hope you will join me.   