 Madam Speaker, 100 years ago this month,  hundreds of Black men, women, and children were brutally terrorized,  brutalized, and murdered in a massacre in the Greenwood district of  Tulsa, Oklahoma. Their homes, businesses, and churches were burned to  the ground. Their land was stolen from them. The thousands of survivors  were locked down and deprived of their liberty without charges.   As the 100-year anniversary of the Greenwood massacre approaches, it  is important that we bring a focus to and examine this piece of history  that has been swept under the rug lest we be bound to repeat it.   If the events of January 6 showed us anything, it is that we are so  close to repeating history. That is why I stand today in full support  of passing H. Res. 398, a resolution offered by my good friend,  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, that commemorates in the  Congressional Record for posterity the 100th anniversary of the Tulsa  Race Massacre.   This resolution serves as a reminder that Black people in America to  this day continue to fight to end racist violence perpetrated against  Black people in America.    H. Res. 398 also heralds a Congressional Black Caucus initiative that  CBC chair Joyce Beatty entrusted to my friend, Congresswoman Brenda  Lawrence and I to co-chair; that is, a commemorative virtual event  which will commemorate and examine this horrific massacre. The virtual  event we are hosting will take place on Thursday evening, May 27, at 8  p.m., and is entitled, Remembering the Greenwood Massacre: 100 Years  from Tulsa to the Insurrection (Reconciliation, Restoration, and  Reparations).   Again, this virtual event will be held on May 27, Thursday, from 8 to  9 p.m. This event will be on Zoom, and we are encouraging all to  attend. It is meant to both educate the public about this horrific  attack on a thriving Black community and the massacre of its  inhabitants. It will highlight the relevance and significance of this  race-based attack, especially as it relates to the events of January 6  and the many similarities that exist between these two events.   Anyone interested in attending this virtual event--and, again, I  encourage all to do so within the sound of my voice--they can go to my  website, HankJohnson.House.gov to sign up and receive the Zoom  information.   It is important that we all participate in this event, even if it is  just by listening or hearing from others.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H. Res. 275, which is  legislation introduced by my friend, Congresswoman Judy Chu, which puts  the House on record condemning the racist shootings in Atlanta.   That is what it does. That is all it does, plain and simple. There  are no politics, no hidden meanings, no digs at ex-President Donald  Trump. That has nothing to do with it. It is just putting Congress on  record condemning the racist shootings in Atlanta.   Atlanta and the South are no strangers to White folks utilizing  violence to terrorize and harm communities of color, but even though  the cities past and present are marred by white supremacy, Atlanta is  also a city too busy to hate. It is a city that continues to be a  catalyst for progress and triumph.   Madam Speaker, it is a hotbed in the South for justice. The city's  heart bled for the victims killed on March 16, but that heart did not  stop beating.   Last summer, we marched for Black lives. Today, I stand for my Asian  brothers and sisters, calling for a stop, an end to Asian hate.   I thank Representative Chu for her leadership, and I am proud to  support this commonsense, straightforward legislation. I urge as  strongly as I can, with as much moral clarity as I can, every Member of  this body, both on the other side of the aisle and also on this side of  the aisle, to support this legislation.   