 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  hosting this Special Order on this very important and increasingly  pervasive issue in our society: Cancel culture.   I hold very deep concerns about how this ugly movement is corrupting  our youth and stands to seriously threaten the many core values shared  by those in my district, those from north Georgia: altruism,  patriotism, faith, and integrity, just to name a few.   While calling people out on their actions and/or behaviors is nothing  new in our society, there is something inherently dangerous about  fringe groups of people moving in a calculated manner to strip people  of jobs, to strip businesses of revenue, and shutting down entire  thought groups altogether, without a fair and just consideration being  afforded to the targeted party.   Each of us has an understanding of what is right and wrong, just as  we, as lawmakers, have our own ideas for what is good policy and what  is not. We can debate and defend our personal opinions and sincerely  held beliefs all we want, but when rights enshrined by the Constitution  are at risk, I believe we have a duty to step up and defend those  rights.   Whether we are talking about standing up for God-given, unalienable  religious liberties, Second Amendment rights or First Amendment  protections, I wholeheartedly believe that we should also be pointing  to the truth within the Constitution.   It is easy to point to the Constitution as a blanketed rationale for  countless issues. Both sides do it, and I find it does the public a  disservice at large on two fronts, especially when one side just  doesn't tell the truth.   For one, I believe blanketed statements pointing to enumerated rights  inadvertently desensitizes Americans, especially our youth, to the  importance of the Constitution.   Secondly, we are not challenging ourselves to push beyond the  emotional sphere of these issues and to think critically and  analytically to find the truth.   So we, as conservatives, need to stand up to cancel culture in two  ways.   First, the Constitution has provided the basis for which the canceled  individual and the ``cancelor'' engage in debate to begin with.  [[Page H2190]]    Second, we should be putting truth behind our decision to stand up in  defense of those being targeted.   For example, I stand here today to oppose the progressive push to  cancel biological genders, to cancel religious liberties, and to cancel  the Second Amendment. Probably the most bold example of cancel culture  that I have ever seen is that of Facebook and Twitter trying to cancel  the sitting President of the United States, Donald Trump.   I stand in defense of biological genders because the truth is that  women are biologically different from men. Young men should not have to  compete against self-identified transgenders who are biological men.  Moreover, the truth is that women are the bearers of life, and only  women can give birth. Call them what they are. Moms are moms, not  birthing people.   How ridiculous is that term, ``birthing people''?   How about H.R. 5, the Equality Act. That was another brazen attempt  by progressives to cancel biological sex by normalizing transgender  equality.   As I have said before and will say again, transgender medical  treatment for children is child abuse, and any effort to normalize such  treatments is a serious violation of the welfare and bodily integrity  of our children. Allowing children to undergo life-changing alterations  to their bodies should be a violation of the law, and the child abuser  should be criminally prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.   I oppose efforts by progressives to cancel religious liberties in  their entirety. While I could speak at length about the various targets  of cancel culture that fall under religious liberties, there is no  better example than the Democrats' bill on the floor this week, H.R.  1065, that blatantly and knowingly leaves out protections for religious  entities, as prescribed under the Civil Rights Act of 1964.   Under this act, a religious employer could have to consider allowing  an employee to take paid time off to have an abortion procedure. While  religious liberty protections are the center of this cancellation  attempt, the truth is that an unborn child is a living, human child,  and we must protect it as such.   I stand strong against the Democrats' all-out attack on the Second  Amendment, because it is no secret they are trying to cancel Americans'  right to keep and bear arms in a piecemeal manner. The truth is that  law-abiding gun owners are not the perpetrators of violent crimes.  However, law-abiding gun owners will bear the brunt of the impact from  this ploy. The facts are on the side of the law-abiding gun owners.   The Democrats know that and they just can't stand it. That is why  Democrats are rolling out rules to ban guns piece by piece so that guns  in the homes of Americans, as we speak, become outlawed over time.  They do this under the guise of abolishing firearms made at home by  individuals by calling them ghost guns.    The truth is that we see through this thinly veiled facade, and we  will not sit by and allow them to cancel our rights.   Finally, I challenge all of my colleagues to not just stand up to the  cancel culture in the name of the Constitution, but to do so by adding  truth to the dialogue.   