 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, I represent the Third District of  Pennsylvania, which includes part of Philadelphia, the birthplace of  America. It was in Philadelphia that the Constitution of the United  States was written and signed, the very Constitution that we are all  sworn to uphold as Members of the House of Representatives.   We are elected to serve our constituents, and it is our job to  represent them and their interests in Congress.   Yesterday, I spoke to the son of the late Dick Thornburgh, who is a  two-time Republican Governor of Pennsylvania and was Attorney General  under President Ronald Reagan and President Bush. His son stressed to  me that his father would have wanted the rule of law to prevail  regardless of the political outcome, because he cared more about the  safeguarding of democracy than partisanship.   In addition, Al Schmidt, who was a Republican commissioner of  elections, said, when Philadelphia certified its results on November  23: ``I'm proud that the birthplace of our Republic held the most  transparent and secure election in the history of Philadelphia.''   Instead of using this time to dispute the results of our fair and  lawful election, we should be spending this time making sure vaccines  are quickly given to essential workers and our most vulnerable  communities, that people are getting housing.   We should look at rental assistance. We should ensure that that is  available.   Small businesses, the engines of our economy, should be getting  needed grants and loans.   That should be our focus.   Hospitals desperately need support and help. We should be paying  attention to the needs of hospitals.   We are in the middle of a pandemic where hundreds of thousands of  people are dying, and we are in a recession that is putting millions of  Americans at risk of hunger, homelessness, or both. It is time we start  legislating for the people.    One last person I want to mention is our junior Senator, Senator  Toomey. There are very few things that he and I agree on, but he has  stated very clearly that Joe Biden has won this election. He has stood  up on the Senate floor and he has stated that.   So it needs to be very clear that the late Governor Thornburgh;  Albert Schmidt, the commissioner; and our current junior Senator all  have one thing in common: democracy first, partisanship second. Let's  keep that in mind.   