 Mr. Speaker, there is one thing that all sides can  agree on: This is the most leftwing bill ever passed by the Congress.   But beware. There is no such thing as free money. All of it must be  borrowed from the same capital pool that would otherwise be available  as loans to consumers, home buyers, and small businesses. And it will  be repaid entirely from your future earnings in the years ahead.   Divided by the number of U.S. households, the bill, for an average  family, comes to roughly $15,000. Now, that is money that has to be  taken from your family through future taxes and inflation, through  lower wages and earnings as businesses pass along their costs. That is  the only way that government debt can be financed.    Government lockdowns have devastated America's prosperity. The answer  is to end the lockdowns, not rob Americans of their futures by crushing  their families under debt that will destroy their opportunity,  independence, and prosperity in the years ahead.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8 is brought to us by the same  organizations and politicians who have made no secret of their  intention ultimately to strip law-abiding citizens of their right to  defend themselves. Now, they know they can't do it outright, so they do  it through cynical measures like this, which weave a web of laws so  intricate that, sooner or later, everyone can be caught up in them.   This law affects not only sales but any transfer of a weapon for any  period of time. A couple of years ago, a 10-year study by Johns Hopkins  and UC Davis concluded that California's background check law had no  effect on gun homicides or suicides. None.   The purpose of this bill is not public safety. That is its deceptive  facade. Its purpose is to make gun ownership so legally hazardous, so  fraught with legal boobytraps and draconian penalties, that no honest  and law-abiding citizen would ever want to take the risk.   Most criminals already get their guns illegally. They are  unconstrained by laws like this. This bill is aimed squarely at law- abiding citizens, moving us closer to a society where decent people are  defenseless and armed criminals are kings.    Mr. Speaker, what is the so-called Charleston  Loophole?   It is a provision that gives the FBI 3 days to provide a background  check for a citizen to buy a gun. Now, 3 days for a background check  doesn't seem unreasonable since a credit card check takes about 3  seconds.   Now, if the FBI fails to give a clear ``yes'' or ``no'' in 3 days,  the sale can proceed. That protects our Second Amendment right from  arbitrary denial by inaction, and the clearance is good for 30 days  from when you begin that transaction.   Now, this bill repeals the 3-day limit and replaces it with a  multistage bureaucratic review process that can span up to 20 business  days.   It is really quite clever. Your clearance is good for 30 calendar  days from the day you begin the transaction, but the clearance can be  delayed for up to 20 business days. So if you applied on January 15 of  this year, 20 business days takes you to February 16. By then, your  purchase window will have expired 2 days earlier, on February 14. You  have to start the process over, applying for a new background check in  a perpetual cycle. They never have to say ``approved.''   Would a government abuse its citizens like that?   I don't know. Maybe we should ask Lois Lerner or Andrew McCabe.   