 Mr. President, I want to use the opportunity of the Senate  floor today to call to the attention what I think is an alarming  proposal that would allow the Internal Revenue Service to track nearly  all inflows and outflows of Americans' bank accounts.   I heard this story--I heard this proposal while I was home in Kansas,  and my reaction was: I assume this is just something on the internet,  something that people are perhaps fabricating. Surely no one seriously  is proposing that every transaction of $600 in one's bank account and  $600 out of one's bank account is something that the Internal Revenue  Service should be monitoring and recording, or that records would need  to be provided to the IRS with that information.   It is one of those thing I thought, well, that is just some crazy  something that somebody is talking about. But, lo and behold,  unfortunately, I have learned that, over the years--sometimes my  constituents have brought me things in the past that tell me the story.  It is, like, I can't believe that would be true, but let me check it  out; and far too often, it turns out that it really is someone's  proposal in the Nation's Capital.   Most Kansans would react to this concept by saying: I can't believe  it is true. And then: Make sure you do something to keep it from  happening.   In this case, it is apparently true. And not only is it true, it is  true because it is supported, it is proposed by the Biden  administration.   It is the Secretary of the Treasury, Janet Yellen, who believes and  testified that this is a good idea. It is Charles Rettig, the IRS  Commissioner, who believes that this is important to accomplish. It is  not just somebody's ideas. It is somebody who has something that-- because they have something to say that matters that can cause it to  happen is for this.  [[Page S6962]]    For the IRS knowing how much money a Kansan earns, that just isn't  enough. How much an American earns, it isn't enough to know our income.  Now the IRS wants to know how you spend that income.   This is an invasion of privacy that focuses on account flows, not  just on income, and it intrudes on virtually every American.   The claim that this will help tax wealthy cheats--I am all for taxing  wealthy cheats, but instead, this isn't that. It gives the government  the unprecedented access to nearly every working American's bank  account.   Rather than listening to the enormous pushback from Americans and  eliminating from consideration this invasive mandate, Democrats are  simply suggesting to tweak the proposal depending on the revenues  needed to fund this massive tax-and-spend spree that is around the  corner.   In recent weeks, I have heard from more than 1,000 Kansans who are  alarmed at this massive expansion of IRS reach and authority, this  invasion of privacy. The last thing my Kansas constituents would want  when it comes to their own bank account is more bureaucrats watching  and dictating how they live their lives. This provision is a threat to  their privacy. They see it that way, and it is.   Kansas relies heavily on small-town banks and credit unions to  provide rural communities and their citizens with lending services to  finance a small business expansion, to allow a family to pay for  college, or to buy a home.   The relationship between our bankers, our credit unions, and their  customers and clients is a special one. It is personal. That private  relationship between a banker and their customer is one that is based  upon trust. The banker no more wants to be in the middle of invading  their customers' privacy. Mandating that banks report to the government  their customers' account activities will significantly breach the trust  that a customer, a client has with their banker.   These financial institutions are often run by just a handful of  employees, and are often a family operation handed down from one  generation to the next. We have lots of small local banks and credit  unions already knee-deep--perhaps waist-deep--in red tape; something  they have to deal with every day, and something we have tried nearly  every day to reduce or eliminate.   Our bankers and credit unions spend millions of dollars to comply  with the anti-money laundering policies, and those often yield minimal  results.   This proposal would turn our banking system into an extension of the  Internal Revenue Service while forcing local banks to shoulder the  cost. And these costs, of course, ultimately would be paid for--guess  who--the customer, the citizen.   So not only are we--would this proposal allow our privacy to be  intruded upon, but we would be paying as it happens.   Unfortunately, the IRS has increasingly politicized and--has been  politicized and has a history of targeting disfavored groups and  individuals, and has proven incapable of protecting taxpayers' data  from leaks.   Entrusting this bureaucracy, the IRS, or, really, any other  bureaucracy in Washington, DC, with the supervision of your personal  finances is no way to close a tax gap.   At a time when the American people are more weary than ever of the  Federal Government and their Agencies, this proposal will do nothing  but further increase that distrust.   Democrats in Congress and particularly in the Biden administration  should prioritize strengthening the faith in the financial service, not  pursuing these kinds of policies that will push underbanked Americans  away.   Ultimately, this plan will not achieve its stated goal of increasing  tax revenues. Rather, it will lead to more harassment of average  Americans and those who work at their financial institutions.   It is clear to me that there is an attempt here to leave no stone  unturned to find every possible way to tax everyday Americans in order  to fund a massive spending spree.   So while we hoped that this proposal was just idle talk, something  that somebody said over a cup of coffee at the local doughnut shop or  the cafe, something that when we went to find out if there was any  truth to it we discover: Oh, no, I could tell my constituents this  isn't happening, this is just something that somebody is gossiping  about.   But no. It is a serious proposal by the Biden administration, and it  has serious consequences to the well-being, financial, but perhaps more  importantly, the privacy, something that Americans deserve, something  that Americans request, and something that is already too often lacking  in our lives--privacy--and in this case, privacy from the Federal  Government.   I yield the floor.   