 Madam President, I am on the floor this afternoon to  discuss the issue of student athletes having greater control over their  name, image, and likeness.   Over the years, intercollegiate athletics have become a staple in  American culture and higher education. No other country in the world  has a sports college model that compares to ours, which affords  thousands of young adults each year the opportunity to leverage their  athletic ability into a quality education and continue playing the  sport they love. But over the years, college athletics have grown into  an increasingly profitable, billion-dollar industry, and the rules  surrounding athlete compensation have not kept pace.   Now, individual States have created laws that will guarantee an  amateur athlete the ability to profit off their name, image, and  likeness without fear of being reprimanded. Again, I highlight that  individual States have made those decisions and are creating laws.  Nineteen States have now passed NIL legislation, and of those 19, 6  will go into effect in less a month--July 1, just, really, a few days  away.   As more and more States continue to pass their own legislation, we  are quickly headed for a system of inconsistent State laws that will be  cumbersome and in some cases unworkable for athletes and the schools to  navigate. Intercollegiate athletics are an inherently interstate  matter. Our model makes certain the best teams and the best athletes  compete against one another no matter their geographic location. This  requires a single Federal standard that all schools and all athletes  can operate under.   College sports and the opportunities they provide student athletes  will be dramatically harmed if we are unable to pass a Federal  standard. Each year, we will have States introducing or updating their  NIL laws in order to gain just a bit more of an advantage in attracting  athletes to their institutions.   We have already seen this begin to play out. Following California's  passage of the first State NIL law in September 2019, there has been a  rush of action by 18 other States to quickly follow suit, hoping to  remain competitive as athletic departments recruit athletes to their  States' schools. The floodgates will fully open on July 1--only 16 days  away--when State NIL laws begin to take effect.   The time to act is now. There is a compromise to be found to both  empowering amateur athletes to profit from their name, image, and  likeness and guaranteeing greater protections, while at the same time  maintaining the integrity of our one-of-a-kind collegiate model that  has provided millions  [[Page S4508]]  of people the opportunity to get a quality education. We can accomplish  both of these goals and provide college athletics with the certainty  that it needs.   In February, I introduced the Amateur Athletes Protection and  Compensation Act--my proposal to accomplish this necessary balance. My  legislation would create a single set of guidelines that would enable  amateur athletes to profit from their name, image, and likeness by  prohibiting conferences, schools, and athletic associations, like the  NCAA, from rendering an amateur intercollegiate athlete ineligible on  the basis of receiving that NIL compensation. It would also codify  serious athlete protections like extended healthcare coverage for  athletic injuries or illness and scholarship guarantees.   I understand this legislation is not perfect in everyone's eyes. It  is not perfect in its current form, but it offers not only the quickest  but the best path towards enacting meaningful Federal legislation on  issues of amateur athletic name, image, and likeness.   When I say it may not be perfect, there are certainly things that we  can negotiate to improve, and it is not the extreme on either side of  this issue, but it is something that a broad set of Senators, Members  of the House, and a President could come behind and certainly is  perhaps the only piece of legislation that has a chance of being  enacted anytime soon. I recognize there are many ideas on what should  and should not be included in an NIL bill, and I welcome those  conversations with my colleagues.   I strongly encourage the U.S. Senate, the Commerce Committee, and my  colleagues on that committee to act quickly on this urgent matter and  join us in this legislation to make progress on this important issue.  The time is short, but if we work together, we can accomplish a goal  that is needed in this country and accomplish it by the time that it is  needed to occur.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   