 Mr. President, the methane problem is not a new one. It  has quickly and drastically warmed our planet since the Industrial  Revolution, and today it accounts for one-quarter of global warming.   We have no time to lose. In the short term, methane is more than 80  times more powerful and damaging than its better known cousin named  CO2.   And while we have made more progress reducing our carbon dioxide  levels, methane pollution has continued to surge in the background.  Even last year, with more cars off the road and many stuck in their  homes, methane pollution levels just kept rising.   And it rose in record amounts. In 2020, we saw the largest ever  annual increase in methane emissions. If we continue to fail to act,  methane pollution from the oil and gas industry is projected to cause  as much near-term global warming as 260 coal-fired powerplants every  year by 2025.   This is a crisis brought on by humanity, but, thankfully, it is one  that we can solve as well by humanity. We have the technology and we  understand the science and we need now to summon the political will and  the regulatory leadership in order to solve this methane problem.   Last week, I sent a letter to President Biden asking him to lead the  world in developing a bold domestic methane strategy, and although the  administration's economy-wide goals for greenhouse gas emissions are a  good baseline start, we need robust and specific targets for methane.   By voting today to rescind the Trump-era attacks on methane  regulations, we can protect the Clean Air Act instead of undermining  it. By reinstating strong standards, we can protect public health and  create new jobs in detecting and repairing leaks. By taking a stand  today for environmental progress and good governance, we can begin to  repair the immense damage done by Donald Trump. He was an enemy of  science, a roadblock to progress, and a willing saboteur of American  jobs and health as long as he could pursue his anti-environmental  agenda.   Today, we have an opportunity to recommit to climate action and to  environmental justice. The COVID-19 pandemic has helped expose the  deep, systemic, and historic injustices our communities of color and  low-income neighborhoods continue to face, communities like those in  Chelsea, MA, which has been affected by both poor air quality and some  of the highest COVID-19 infection rates in the State and the Nation, or  Weymouth, MA, which grapples daily with the public health and public  safety threat of a natural gas compressor station.   Big oil and big gas corporations have used places like Weymouth as a  way station for pollution, without fear of reprisal for emissions of  methane and toxic compounds. This week, we can stand up for justice for  these communities instead of idly standing by.   By passing this resolution on the floor this afternoon, we can make  real progress for the climate, for our global community, and for all  Americans who breathe different air because of their race, their ZIP  Code, or their income level.   In Massachusetts, Ralph Waldo Emerson said that health is the first  wealth. Today's vote is a decisive victory for our families. It will  give the Biden administration the tools it needs to shut in this  methane for a very inexpensive cost to the oil and gas industry,  providing real benefits to the health of our planet and the health of  families in our country. As a result, I urge an ``aye'' vote on that  CRA   