 Madam President, I, as well as Senator Cantwell, rise in  support of Jessica Rosenworcel, President Joe Biden's nominee to serve  as the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission.   In her time on the Commission, Chair Rosenworcel has been a tireless  advocate for consumers in today's fast-changing media and digital  landscape.   She stands up for consumers. She stands up for competition. She  stands up for children. That is what the job of Chair of the Federal  Communications Commission is all about, is standing up for all of those  core principles that our country believes in.   She has made it very clear that she does believe that title II of the  Communications Act is something that can be and must be used in order  to ensure that we give full protections to broadband users in our  country.   Now, more than ever, we need strong leadership at the Federal  Communications Commission, as Senator Cantwell was just speaking.   We have 12 to 17 million children in the United States who did not  have the internet during the first year of the COVID crisis, and we  were able to build in huge funding that has reduced dramatically the  number of children who do not have the internet at home, but more work  must be done.   The best way to do it is to add even more money into the Build Back  Better bill. If we do that, we will see that we are dealing with the  fact that especially Black and Brown and immigrant children in our  country have access to the tools which they are going to need to be  able to get an education.   The coronavirus is coming back. It is taking a U-turn, and its  implications for the education of poor children in our country is  dramatic. That is why Chair Rosenworcel is the right person at the  right time in order to serve as the Chair of the Federal Communications  Commission.   We have to ensure the competition is at the heart of our policy. That  is Chair Rosenworcel. We have to make sure the consumers benefit from  these innovations in technology. That is her agenda. And we have to  make sure that children--every child in our country--gets access to the  technologies that are going to be necessary for every one of them to  maximize their God-given abilities. That is what Chair Rosenworcel is  all about.   I recommend with the strongest possible voice that I have to have a  very strong vote on the floor of the Senate to confirm her for the  Federal Communications Commission.   I yield the floor.   