 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise this afternoon to bring further  attention to the growing humanitarian and national security crisis we  see at our southern border.   President Biden's and Vice President Harris's handling of the  southern border has been as incompetent as it has been inhumane. This  is not a partisan view: their own special envoy to Haiti has resigned  in protest.   This administration is in denial; it is in denial about the scope of  this crisis. Migrant crossings into the United States have already  reached historic levels and, as I speak, thousands continue to arrive  along our U.S.-Mexico border.   Since taking office, President Biden and Vice President Harris have  shirked responsibility for this crisis by placing blame on the historic  levels of illegal crossing on everything from COVID-19 to climate  change, to former President Trump. They are hoping Americans will  forget that President Biden's first order of business was to repeal  nearly every immigration policy of the previous administration.   The Biden administration's talking points say our borders are closed,  but their actions indicate just the opposite. More than 12,000 of the  Haitians who gathered under the bridge in Del Rio over the past week  have been released into the country.   This is not a new policy--tens of thousands of migrants who have  illegally crossed our border have been released since President Biden  took office. Many were released without a court date and given nothing  more than a list of ICE offices around the country, with instructions  to report within 60 days.   Unsurprisingly, it was reported in July that nearly 87 percent of  50,000 individuals released without a court date fail to report as  directed. This is a clear message that, if you make it to the United  States, you will be allowed to stay without facing repercussions. This  encourages families to make the dangerous trek north and entrust their  safety to dangerous drug cartels at the risk of being murdered,  assaulted, or trafficked because the reward is worth the risk.   The Haitian refugees who recently began arriving at the U.S.-Mexico  border are evidence of that mindset. They believed the administration's  actions, not their words. They watched as thousands were allowed to  stay in the country, and they gambled that they, too, would get the  same treatment; that after living nearly a decade in countries like  Brazil and Chile, now is the time to come.   Nearly 9 months into the Biden Presidency, it is irrefutable that  this administration's policies are fueling, are increasing the crisis  both for our security and the humanity of people.   The historic levels of crossing at the southern border have not only  created this humanitarian crisis and put an incredible strain on our  immigration system, but have seriously compromised our national  security.   In April, a few months ago, I visited the border and had the  opportunity to speak with Agents of the FBI and DEA to hear firsthand  how the crisis has affected their operations and the challenges it has  created for them in carrying out their mission to disrupt transnational  criminal organizations and apprehend major drug traffickers.   The cartels that operate in Central America are sophisticated,  adaptable, and ruthless. Not only do they take advantage of individuals  attempting the trek to our southern border by forcing them to pay  thousands of dollars to fund their operations and subject them to  abuse, rape, and murder, they use these individuals to their strategic  advantage. They will send thousands of individuals across the border at  the same time in an attempt to overwhelm while cartels bring drugs and  guns undetected.   Just today, the DEA issued a public safety alert to warn against the  alarming increase in counterfeit prescription pills containing fentanyl  and meth that are being trafficked in the United States. Thus far this  year, more than 9.5 million counterfeit pills have been seized--a rate  that puts 2021 on a path to more seizures than the last 3 years  combined. This is no coincidence.   The administration's decision to continue ignoring this humanitarian  and national security crisis is allowing a horrible situation to get  even worse. Actions always speak louder than words. The Biden  administration must take immediate action to secure the border and  enforce our immigration laws.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   