 Madam Speaker, when I speak to families back home, they  understand that there are individuals and children in the country who  were brought here through no fault of their own. They are understanding  and compassionate people who want a solution that is fair and just. But  something that I also hear from these same families is their concern  and fear for providing green cards and paths to citizenship to gang  members and criminals.   The text of this bill only compounds those fears--preventing the  United States Government from using readily available information to  remove gang members who are national security threats and other public  safety threats.   This motion to recommit ensures that those individuals whose  applications would be denied on the basis of criminal grounds, national  security grounds, public safety risks, or as gang members, are  considered by the Department of Homeland Security for removal from the  United States.   Madam Speaker, under H.R. 6, information provided in an application  for a green card may not be used for the purposes of immigration  enforcement, even if the DHS denies the application or it is withdrawn.  This means that if an applicant has a murder conviction, a rape  conviction, or if the applicant is a gang member, and DHS knows about  it because of the application, DHS can't even refer that person for  removal.   To be clear, this MTR does not direct the DHS to remove an applicant  if they are denied on any other basis. Only applicants who are denied  on criminal or national security grounds as public safety risks or as  gang members would be affected.   As crime rates skyrocket in cities across the country, the American  people are asking for serious solutions. They are crying out for help.  And this bill only further enables murderers, rapists, and gang members  to exploit our system.   If the Democrats see fit to listen to the American people and exclude  these criminals and gang members from receiving green cards under H.R.  6, then they should vote for this motion to recommit to ensure  dangerous individuals are denied a safe haven here in our neighborhoods  and communities where our children go to school and play.   