 Madam Speaker, this is a dangerous piece of legislation  that comes at a time when our national security and our public health  are being threatened by a dire crisis at our southern border.   Only Democrats would bring a bill to the floor during a surge at our  southern border that would make it easier for terrorists to enter our  country. As someone who served in the war on terror and served in  Operation Iraqi Freedom, the last thing we should be doing as a Nation  is making it easier for terrorists in Iran, Iraq, Syria, and other  terrorist-harboring nations to travel to the United States.   Despite the harrowing statistics we see coming from the southern  border with record-setting numbers of illegal crossings and  unaccompanied minors, my colleagues on the left continue to ignore and  downplay the actual facts, while terrorists and COVID-positive illegal  immigrants are granted unprecedented access to our country.   The Biden administration has driven illegal crossings up to historic  highs by encouraging more illegal immigration and loosening  restrictions to give criminals a free pass. These policy reversals, and  now this legislation, will be directly responsible for what will go  down in history as our biggest failure of border security in our  lifetime.   Now, rather than addressing the hundreds of thousands of illegal  border crossings this year, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are still spending their time trying to attack the successful  policies from the Trump administration that actually drove our border  numbers down and kept Americans safe.   Rather than attacking the Trump administration at the expense of the  American people, my colleagues on the left should instead think about  spending their time trying to reinstate some of his policies that were  proven effective, like continuing border wall construction or ending  chain migration.   Even more hypocritical, while telling American citizens to stay home  from work, school and to refrain from normal life due to a global  pandemic, legislation like this keeps sending the message to illegal  aliens, even those from dangerous countries, that the United States is  open for them to flood our borders and be taken care of by our  taxpayers.   At a time when there is a border crisis, a global pandemic, and  emerging national security threats, we should not be handicapping any  current or future President from exercising their executive authority  to keep our country safe.   In fact, the Obama-Biden administration used this authority 19 times  during their administration. The only reason why my colleagues are  pushing this is because of their hatred for President Trump and his  actions to restrict entry from certain countries that protected our  national security.   