 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about  President Biden's runaway spending proposals.   Of course, as a conservative Republican, when I look at this thing, I  have to say: Wait a second. This is not something that I can support in  any way.   We have a 50-50 Senate here in the United States. The Democrats have  won a narrow margin in the House, but the Democrats in Washington are  acting like they have won in a landslide and have a national mandate.  They do not. If there is any mandate when you have a 50-50 Senate and  when you have such a narrow range in the numbers between the  Republicans and the Democrats in the House, you would say it is a  mandate to move to the middle. That is what the American people voted  for. They said: Let's get to the middle. Let's find solutions to move  our country forward.   It does seem, to me, what the Democrats are doing is an unprecedented  overreach. The Democrats have only had control in Washington for about  a month and a half, and it has already cost the American people $1.9  trillion. It is an astonishingly large figure. It was supposed to be  for coronavirus relief, but 1 percent of the money went for vaccines,  and only 9 percent went to actually fighting the coronavirus. Yet,  before they passed the bill, that is what the Democrats said it was  for. It does seem to be the oldest page in the Democratic playbook.   We all remember the old ObamaCare bill and debate and discussion.  They said it was a tax. When they needed votes in Congress, they said  it wasn't a tax. Then they realized they were going to lose in court,  and they said it was a tax all over again. Well, we have seen the same  playbook here. They said we needed more coronavirus relief, and then  they passed this liberal wish list. Once they had the votes, they  admitted the bill was not about coronavirus medical relief, healthcare  relief or vaccines or fighting the disease. No--a liberal wish list.   Now, don't just take my word for it. The Democratic majority leader,  standing right there, called it a ``turning point'' that transforms the  United States. The White House Press Secretary called it the ``most  progressive bill in American history.'' One Democratic leader in the  House called it an ``ideological revolution.'' I guess they forgot it  was supposed to be about the coronavirus. It doesn't sound like  coronavirus healthcare relief to me.   After the bill passed, Speaker Pelosi admitted this was the same bill  that she put forward last summer. Back then, the New York Times looked  at it and called it ``more a messaging document than a viable piece of  legislation.'' POLITICO called it a ``Democratic wish list filled up  with all the party's favorite policies.''   This was never a coronavirus relief bill. They used the coronavirus  to cover the payoff to all of the most powerful people in the  Democratic Party: $85 billion to union pension plans, irresponsibly  run; $26 billion for California Gavin Newsom; $12.5 billion for New  York and Governor Andrew Cuomo; a big payoff for teachers unions and  potentially millions for Planned Parenthood.   President Biden signed the bill, and then he gave a speech a few  hours later. In effect, he admitted the bill doesn't get us 1 day  closer to reopening our country. This is what this was supposed to be  about--getting kids back to school, getting people back to work, and  getting the virus behind us. President Biden said ``there is a good  chance'' that small groups of people can get together outside in July.  Well, he said, ``that doesn't mean large events.''   The Democrats spent $1.9 trillion, and, once again, they moved the  goalposts. Congress has already paid for enough vaccines for every  American to get vaccinated by the end of May. The Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention says that getting vaccinated means getting your  life back. This is what they told us. It means you can have indoor  gatherings without masks. America needs to be fully open before the  Fourth of July.   The Democrats haven't even finished their victory lap over the  spending bill, and they are already telling us they want more. Here are  just a few examples of what they propose to do, not with their money  but with the American people's money--the taxpayers' money, the hard- earned dollars of the people who go to work every day and send their  tax dollars to Washington.   In their $1.9 trillion wish list, the Democrats tried to double the  minimum wage by Federal mandate. They failed, but they are going to  keep trying.   Now, of course, the Office of Management and Budget, which took a  look at this thing, said: Well, if they had succeeded, it would have  forced 1.4 million Americans who have jobs right now to be out of their  jobs because, when you mandate a doubling of the minimum wage, small  businesses are either going to have to close or lay off certain people  so they can pay the wages to others in an effort to keep the doors  open. It means less tax revenue overall for the country, and it means  more spending for unemployment insurance. If you add it up, it would  increase the national debt by about an additional $54 billion.    In their $1.9 trillion wish list, the Democrats also wrote a big  check to the teachers unions.   Now, they actually didn't need the money because, in the five  bipartisan coronavirus bills that we have passed in overwhelming  majorities, we sent schools $113 billion. The schools haven't even  spent most of that money yet. In fact, they have only spent about $16  billion of the $113 billion. There is almost $100 billion yet to spend.  On top of that, the Democrats have just put up another $170 billion in  their wish list. If you add it up, that is nearly $270 billion to spend  with no promise--none--to reopen the schools.   The Democratic leader wants to forgive $1 trillion in student loans.  Subsidizing student loans just lets colleges raise prices. That is  exactly what would happen if Leader Schumer's plan were to become law.  Colleges don't need to raise prices. They need to lower the cost of  education.   Senator Sanders has an even more radical proposal. He wants to  forgive  [[Page S1548]]  all Federal student loans, and that would cost $1.6 trillion. Forgive  them all. Just forgive all of the loans. It doesn't matter. Rich or  poor, forgive all of the loans. Well, that would drive up the price of  tuition even higher. If it allows colleges to get the money directly  from the Federal Government without having to go through the students,  the costs will escalate dramatically.   Let me remind my Democratic colleagues that most Americans don't have  college degrees. Yet, under the Democratic plan, all taxpayers--all  taxpayers--would have to pay for the college tuitions for all of the  students, including those who have families who can clearly afford to  pay the tuitions to the colleges which they attend. It doesn't matter.  If you go to the most exclusive college or if you go to your State  college, if you have a debt, we are going to get rid of it, says the  Democratic proposal, and the hard-working taxpayers of America are  going to be stuck with the bill. Count me out on that one.   The Democrats want to take tax dollars from people who don't have  college degrees or who never went to college and give it to the  leftwing professors at so many universities, and this is wrong.   President Biden also wants to double down on ObamaCare. He thinks  ObamaCare didn't go far enough. According to one estimate, President  Biden's healthcare plan would cost about an additional $2.25 trillion.  These are astronomically large figures. His housing plan would cost  $640 billion. The Democrats have proposed another $2 trillion in  infrastructure spending. One Democratic Senator even called for  doubling that amount--$4 trillion in new infrastructure spending.   This is just the tip of the iceberg. I could go on and on. If you add  up all of the new spending proposals by the Democrats and the White  House and the Senate, it could cost nearly $12 trillion. By the end of  this year, the national debt is going to be bigger than our economy,  and we have the biggest economy in the world. Even before the Democrats  passed their wish list, we were on track this year to have the second  biggest deficit since World War II.   When the Democrats increase spending, we know what is next--massive  tax increases on the American public. We heard it yesterday in the  news. It was in the headlines. That is President Biden's plan--the  first major tax increase in 28 years. He is proposing the biggest tax  increase since 1993. He wants to raise taxes on businesses and on  families, and he even wants to resurrect the death tax. Let me remind  President Biden what happened after 1993. A year later, the Republicans  took back the House and took back the Senate.   The 2020 elections were close. The American people didn't vote for  this radical agenda, and it is a radical agenda. They didn't vote for  $12 trillion in new spending and new taxes with increased tax rates and  increased taxes on long-term investments like your home and increased  taxes like the death tax--oh--and more money for the IRS so it can send  agents to investigate the American public even further.   I would urge the Biden administration and my Democratic colleagues to  listen to the people and to the people from whom I hear every weekend  in Wyoming. It is time to put down the credit card. It is time to stop  the spending spree. It is time to move to the middle to solve  problems--that would be best for our Nation if we would address them-- for the people of this great Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   