 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here this afternoon to speak in  opposition to H.R. 1, the so-called For the People Act. Every  American--no American should be fooled by the wholesome title of H.R.  1. H.R. 1 is an affront to the U.S. Constitution, and the drastic  impact this legislation would have on federalizing elections,  restricting free speech, and accelerating the divide in this country-- that divide between left and right, rural and urban, red States and  blue States--would be terribly damaging to our Nation.   We often hear that elections have consequences. In November,  Americans voted for a Congress that is nearly a 50-50 split between the  parties in the House and precisely a 50-50 split in the Senate. If  elections have consequences, then the consequence American voters may  have had in mind was to encourage Congress to put aside partisan  differences and to work together to do its job on their behalf.   Americans did not vote to give one party free rein to implement an  unprecedented power grab, to nationalize elections, and to strip power  from States and localities from now into perpetuity, forever.   I am a conservative, and I believe in the primacy of individual  liberties and in a Federal Government that exercises restraint. I  believe that State and local units of government are inherently more  responsive to the wishes of our citizens. Article I, section 4 of the  Constitution states that ``Time, Places and Manner'' of congressional  elections ``shall be prescribed [by the States].'' My adherence to the  Constitution thus instructs deference to State governments to oversee  their own elections, as they always have and always should.   There are so many problematic and, frankly, unconstitutional aspects  of  [[Page S1452]]  this legislation, particularly as it pertains to the micromanagement of  local elections by the Federal Government.   With regard to the bill's intent to Federalize State elections, I  draw your attention to page 44, section 1004. Democrats, in sponsoring  and pursuing passage of this legislation, seek to eliminate voter  identification laws. Voter identification laws have a lot of merit. It  is required that you be a U.S. citizen to cast a vote in the United  States. American people generally have common sense, and the Gallup  poll indicates that 80 percent of Americans support voter ID laws. When  you explain to Americans what voter ID really is, they do support it.  Yet, under this legislation, voters showing up to the polls without an  ID could simply sign a statement claiming they are who they say they  are. If you want to dispel the notion that voter fraud occurs in our  elections, this is not the place, this is not the way to accomplish  that. I don't want our laws to discourage people from voting, but I  want people to be legal who do vote.    On page 166, this bill requires that ballots be counted outside a  voter's precinct, removing a local government's ability to verify voter  rolls. That authority would instead go to a bureaucrat in Washington.   The requirement to allow third parties, including those politically  affiliated, to pick up and deliver absentee ballots, known as ballot  harvesting, further erodes confidence in elections. Such a requirement  is directly at odds with recommendations from a 2005 bipartisan  Commission on Federal Election Reform led by former President Jimmy  Carter, which recommended that States prohibit this practice due to an  increased likelihood of fraud.   H.R. 1 doesn't even keep the bipartisan nature of the Federal  Election Commission in place. It alters its structure deliberately to  make it work on behalf of the party in power.   One last point on local elections. This bill allows for in-person  voting 15 days before an election. This is the typical, the classic  unfunded mandate. I talked to local election officials about this  provision specifically, and it would kill their budgets, maintaining  rent and staff for weeks on end in rural counties across Kansas where,  realistically, you might get fewer than a handful of people to show up  on a day that far before the election. There are plenty of other ways  to vote in advance when necessary. This would create real-world  consequences, real consequences in rural America and in rural Kansas. A  one-size solution from Washington, DC, does not solve all problems and,  in fact, in many instances creates more problems.   While this provision alone probably wouldn't have contributed to  voter fraud, this bill does so by prohibiting officials from reviewing  voter eligibility or barring local officials from removing ineligible  voters from the voter rolls.   It is imperative that we restore America's faith in our elections,  and that is why I am a supporter of S. 13, legislation led by our own  Senator, Tim Scott of South Carolina, to establish a bipartisan  advisory committee to make recommendations that will improve the  security, integrity, and administration of Federal elections. This is a  measured approach that will help us regain the trust of American  voters.   H.R. 1 goes as far to the other end of the spectrum as is imaginable.  It drastically changes the rules of our election, implementing every  leftwing policy idea pertaining to Federal elections--ideas that are  evidently so good, they must be made mandatory. If they were good, they  might find their way into existence across the country because they are  good, not because the Federal Government requires them.   This legislation would sow immense doubts among voters about the  integrity and administration of our elections--something we further do  not need. It would corrode our entire system of elections, and for what  purpose? Because, simply put, I think Democrats believe passing H.R. 1  would render rural voters, red State voters, impotent and therefore  help them win elections.   At a time when our country is so divided, when we should be working  together, for example, to end the consequences of the COVID-19  pandemic, to get America vaccinated, and get our economy back on track,  this is a very damaging policy to our Republic, and it is contained  within the 800 pages of H.R. 1.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle take time to read and  understand this bill and see and determine for themselves what it truly  is. I am interested in making sure that all people have the opportunity  to vote. All people who are legally eligible to vote, I want them to  vote. But we ought to not skew our elections to see that those we want  to vote are the only ones who are eligible to do so and that those who  are not eligible to vote are able to do so.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   