 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Levin for yielding and  for organizing this special order. We are so grateful to you for making  sure we take this time to stop and honor the great legacy of Rich  Trumka.   I first came to Congress in 2017, and one of the first things I did  was request a meeting with Rich Trumka, and he took me to breakfast. I  have always been a prolabor person through my time as mayor and county  executive of Nassau County. And I talked to him, and he made it very  clear that what he was looking for and what the labor movement is  looking for are champions that will be with you no matter what; not  with you on some issues and not on other issues, but with you 100  percent.   Everything he said to me that morning really resonated with me. And I  decided from that moment on that I would make it clear that I would be  a true friend of labor because of the instruction of Rich Trumka.   The country has changed so much from the time from when he served as  president of the United Mine Workers Union in the 1980s. And since the  1980s, we have seen tremendous growth in wealth in America. We have  seen the Dow Jones go up 1,900 percent. We have seen the GDP go up 900  percent. But workers' wages during that same period of time have gone  up less than 20 percent. So we have created enormous wealth in our  country, but we are not sharing it with the men and women who go to  work every day.   Rich Trumka has reminded us how important it is that for this great  system of capitalism to survive in our country, the best system that  has ever been in human history, which has created more wealth, more  innovation, has lifted more people out of poverty, for it to survive  for the long-term future, we have to learn how capitalism and our  economic system can share the great production of wealth with the  people who go to work every day.   Because the American Dream is based upon a very simple concept: if I  go to work, I will make enough money. And with that money I can buy a  home; I can educate my children; I can have health insurance; and I can  retire one day in security without being scared.   Rich Trumka reminded us of that every day of his life, that we need  to recreate the American Dream for people in this country; that hard  work will be rewarded with sufficient wealth so that you can live the  American Dream.   So my condolences to the Trumka family. Thank you to my colleague for  setting this up. And thank you to Rich Trumka, a good and faithful  servant, who has made our country a better place. And let's honor him  by making  [[Page H5920]]  sure we do everything we can to support the labor movement in this  country.   