 Mr. President, we talk a lot in this Chamber, as well we  should, about the least among us, about how we can protect and lift up  the powers. And that is a good thing. I can't think of any person who  has less power than a potential human life, than an unborn baby. Now,  Roe v. Wade is, of course, about abortion. We know that. But it is also  about something  [[Page S8819]]  else. Roe v. Wade is also about--it is about federalism.    Roe v. Wade is also about the American people. Roe v. Wade is about  whether a finite group of the managerial elite--and by the ``managerial  elite'' I mean the entrenched politicians, the bureaucracy, the media,  the academics, the corporate phonies, all of whom think they are  smarter and more virtuous than the American people--should have the  right to make moral decisions for the American people, instead of the  American people making those decisions for themselves.   That is really what Roe v. Wade is about.   Now, I am pro-life and I am anti-Roe v. Wade. So I want to say up  front: I do have an opinion.   But even pro-choice legal scholars who believe in legalized abortion  on demand understand, as does every fairminded person who knows a  lawbook from a J. Crew catalog, that Roe v. Wade is one of the most  arbitrary, it is one of the most ad hoc, and it is one of the most  poorly reasoned decisions in the history of the United States.   In Roe v. Wade, as you know, Mr. President, the U.S. Supreme Court  held that a generalized right to privacy, not explicit in the  Constitution, means that a woman has the virtually unfettered  discretion to terminate a human life--some, to be fair, would say a  potential human life--before viability.   What is viability? As my colleagues talked about, that is a really,  really good question.   But I digress.   Anyone who knows a lawbook from a J. Crew catalog also knows that  there is absolutely no foundation--not in the text, not in the  structure, not in the history, not in the tradition of the  Constitution--for a constitutional right to abortion, and certainly not  on the basis of some unmoored general right to privacy that is not  enunciated in the Constitution.   And don't even get me started on Roe v. Wade's trimester analysis and  the ruling. Try to find ``trimester'' in the U.S. Constitution. You  won't. You can't.   The truth is--and people on both sides of this issue who are  fairminded and reasonably objective--and by that, I mean can see the  other point of view. The truth is that Roe v. Wade's constitutional  right to an abortion is a 48-year-old, judge-invented rule that  represents the U.S. Supreme Court winging it.   Now, I know what we were told. We were told back in the 1970s: Look,  we have got to have a national rule to settle this issue. Only  Washington, DC, can settle this issue. We have to have a rational rule.  We need some peace in the land. We need consensus.   How is that working out for us?   Roe v. Wade didn't settle anything.   Now, in the Dobbs case, which the U.S. Supreme Court is about to  hear, the U.S. Supreme Court has a really rare opportunity to say, as  Justice Scalia wrote in one of his opinions, that value judgments made  on behalf of people should be voted on by those people and not dictated  from Washington, DC.   In the Dobbs case, the United States Supreme Court has the rare  opportunity to say what we all know, and that is that America is this  big, wide-open, diverse, sometimes messy, sometimes dysfunctional,  sometimes imperfect, but always trying-to-get-better group of good  people. That is what America is.   And we don't always agree--especially not on value judgments,  especially not on the ultimate value judgment--like when it is  appropriate to take a human life. That is why we get to vote. That is  why we get to vote, and that is why we have elected representatives who  oftentimes vote on our behalf--elected representatives who also can be  unelected if we don't like how they vote.   And, finally, in Dobbs, the U.S. Supreme Court has the rare  opportunity to defederalize and deconstitutionalize abortion and return  the issue to the States, where it was before Roe v. Wade.   The U.S. Supreme Court, in Dobbs, does not have the opportunity--and  this is important--to say ``no right to an abortion in America.'' Let  me say that again because some of the proponents of Roe v. Wade, I  think, have shaded the truth on this. At issue before the Supreme Court  in Dobbs is not the right to have an abortion. It is the right--the  issue before the Supreme Court in Dobbs is, What is the appropriate  political form to make these value judgments? Is it the government or  is it the people?   And I hope that the U.S. Supreme Court takes advantage of this rare  opportunity before it.   I yield to the Senator from Mississippi.   