 Mr. President, in the last few weeks, I have been back  home, and many, many people were finishing up wheat harvest. It is  absolutely one of the joys of the entire year, when a year's work of  hard work comes to fruition. Every corner of the State was speckled  with combines, tractors, grain carts, and trucks, all doing their part  in the harvest process. Inside those implements were fathers and sons,  sisters, mothers, brothers, and my cousins, all working side by side to  harvest the crop that will provide the financing for land payments,  equipment loans, operating loans, and next year's inputs, like seed and  fertilizer.   Now, agriculture is a capital-intensive industry, much more than I  could have ever imagined. Harvesting wheat requires at least four  different pieces of machinery, many costing $250,000, $500,000, or more  each. It takes years for a farmer building up equity to purchase a new  piece of equipment or land. And for many families, it is only by  passing down the land and equipment that a family farm can remain  viable. This is the only way a young farmer can truly survive.   Now, the common saying in Kansas is that farmers live poor but die  rich. Across this great Nation, contrary to most people's beliefs, 98  percent of farms and ranches are family-owned--  [[Page S5000]]  98 percent, family-owned. Those families produce much of the food,  fuel, and fiber we consume here in the United States and around the  globe. These family farms, many in their fourth, like mine, fifth  generation--and even sixth and seventh generation farms and ranches are  out there now. They endure turbulent weather, inconsistent market  conditions, and tight labor markets. It seemed like, growing up, a week  never passed that my dad never looked at me and said: You know, farming  has to be the biggest gamble there is in America.   In 2017, Republican-led government passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  which provided sweeping tax changes to encourage private  entrepreneurship and economic growth. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  the exemptions for the estate tax--as we call it, the death tax--more  than doubled, keeping most family farms safe from redundant government  taxation.   But now, the current administration and some of my friends across the  aisle want to tax hard-working agricultural producers with the  financing of their roughly $5 trillion reckless tax-and-spending bill.  I think President Eisenhower--or Ike, as we call him, a fellow Kansan-- hit the nail on the head when he said: ``You know, farming looks mighty  easy when your plow is a pencil, and you're a thousand miles from a  corn field.''   First, they proposed not only eliminating stepped-up basis on  realized property but also on unrealized assets at the time of the  owner's death. Their proposal would tax unrealized capital gains over  $1 million at ordinary income tax rates, which would be levied at the  top marginal rate of 39.6 percent. That means the next generation  inheriting land and equipment would have to pay taxes on the increase  in value, even if the property is never sold.   Secondly, the administration has proposed lowering the exemption to  the death tax from $11.7 million, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, to  $3.5 million per person and increasing the top tax rate from 40 to 45  percent. Consequently, a family farm commonly would have to sell off a  third of their land to keep going from generation to generation. And  the buyers, unfortunately, will be large corporations or foreign  entities.   According to a report published by Texas A&M's Agriculture and Food  Policy Center, under current law only 2 of their 94 representative  farms would be impacted by an event triggering a generational transfer  of property--2 out of 94. To contrast this, up to 98 percent of their  representative farms would see new higher tax burdens if certain parts  of the administration's plan were enacted   From 1997 to 2020, in Kansas, cropland values have risen 220 percent.  In some parts of the United States, they have increased over 500  percent. If there was a 20-percent capital gains tax on those valuation  increases, the average Kansas farmer would have a new tax obligation of  nearly a quarter of a million dollars. These numbers are simply  unbearable.   I stop and pay homage to my grandfather and both of my grandfathers,  who have had fourth and fifth generation family farms. These farms were  bought in the early 1900s. Both farms have been in the family over 100  years. I would suppose my grandfathers paid less than $100 per acre.  Today, those farms maybe are worth $1,000 or $2,000 an acre. But if you  can imagine the tax burden of trying to pass down that farm and pay for  that stepped-up basis, for the tax on the increase of net property, it  simply isn't going to happen. None of us have brothers and sisters and  cousins that have that type of cash available. We want to encourage the  next generation to return home to the family farm, not tax them into  bankruptcy.   America will see millions of acres of land and billions of dollars of  equipment change hands over this next decade. While the current  administration contests that only a small percentage of our farm  families will be impacted by the proposed changes, all evidence really  indicates otherwise.   The administration fails to consider the several realities of  multigenerational farms, with some siblings staying on the farm and  some selling their interest. Any changes to the estate tax and  opportunities to pass assets from one generation to the next will lead  to further consolidation in the ag industry, fewer young families  returning home to their rural communities, and more rural Main Street  businesses closing shop.   We can't allow this administration to saddle our hard-working farming  families with the responsibilities of funding their socialist agenda.  Agriculture is still responsible for 40 percent of the Kansas economy.  We must all do what we can to ensure our family farms have every  opportunity possible to continue their way of life and bring the next  generation back to the farm and keep rural America alive and well.   I yield the floor.   