 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  recognizing this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 3723,  the Consumer Safety Technology Act.   H.R. 3723 will encourage the use of emerging technologies,  specifically artificial intelligence and blockchains, to help keep  consumers safe. It will aid our consumer protection agencies with  carrying out their missions.   H.R. 3723 incorporates the AI for Consumer Product Safety Act  legislation that I authored with Representative Burgess. These  provisions direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission, CPSC, to  establish a pilot program for the agency to use AI in furtherance of  the agency's work to protect consumers from unsafe products.   For example, the CPSC could use artificial intelligence to more  quickly and efficiently identify consumer product hazards, such as  exploding laptops that have faulty batteries, defective USB chargers,  furniture that tips over, and unsafe infant sleeping products.   Being able to identify these hazards more quickly will enable the  CPSC to  [[Page H2946]]  help also recall products more quickly and, in turn, help save lives.   We have heard firsthand from CPSC commissioners when they testified  before the House Energy and Commerce Committee that artificial  intelligence can benefit the agency's work in serving the American  people.   I am pleased that last year my legislation, the AI in Government Act,  was enacted into law. Among other things, the AI in Government Act  establishes an AI Center of Excellence to facilitate adoption of AI  technology in the Federal Government. This will provide a central  resource within the government to aid agencies with AI adoption and  help agencies share best practices.   But it is also critical that agencies build up their capacity  internally to adopt AI technology. H.R. 3723 will empower the CPSC to  do just that. The CPSC's experience here will also serve as an example  for other agencies that are looking to integrate AI in furtherance of  their agency's missions.   H.R. 3723 also incorporates the Blockchain Innovation Act introduced  by Representative Soto and Guthrie. These provisions will help ensure  that we use the benefits of blockchain technology to help stop scams  and fraud.   Additionally, H.R. 3723 incorporates the Digital Taxonomy Act from  Representatives Soto and Davidson. These provisions will help ensure  the scammers and fraudsters don't get ahead of consumers and law  enforcement in the realm of blockchain and digital tokens.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Burgess, Soto, Guthrie, and  Davidson for their work in H.R. 3723, and Chairman Pallone and Ranking  Member Rodgers for helping to move this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I  urge all of my colleagues to support it.   