 Mr. Speaker, going back to my days as the county  supervisor, I fought to make sure the Central Coast was a leader in the  clean energy economy. I helped get the first large-scale solar project  in Santa Barbara County across the finish line and called it a win-win- win. That is because investing in renewables is one of the best  investments we can make. It means a healthy planet, clean air, and  good-paying jobs.   Since 2014, the Central Coast has emerged as a renewable energy  powerhouse. We are now home to several major solar farms, and soon, we  could be home to one of the largest battery storage plants in the  world.   After years of negotiation, I helped secure an agreement to realize  an offshore wind project and the jobs it will create for the Central  Coast. According to a study conducted by a local organization called  REACH, this project alone could create 650 good-paying jobs and  generate $262 million in revenue each year.   Renewable energy is also a vital tool to address the climate crisis.  Some claim renewable energy funding doesn't belong in an infrastructure  package. I say modernizing our energy infrastructure and tackling the  climate crisis go hand in hand.   Last year, the U.S. spent nearly $100 billion responding to extreme  weather events and disasters fueled by climate change. Instead of  rebuilding each time a disaster strikes, we need to be proactive to  keep our communities safe from the realities of climate change. That  means weatherizing millions of homes, retrofitting buildings, and  shoring up our water infrastructure.   We also must curb emissions in the transportation sector, which is  responsible for 29 percent of our greenhouse gas emissions. If we want  to tackle climate change, the transportation sector must be part of the  solution.   The measures included in President Biden's American Jobs Plan will  modernize our transportation system to do just that. It will create  millions of jobs in the auto industry building electric vehicles and  expanding our network of electric vehicle charging stations.   Transitioning away from fossil fuels to renewable energy is also an  environmental justice issue. Sadly, minority communities are  disproportionately impacted by air pollution. For example, Latino  Americans are exposed to 11 percent more fine particulate pollution  compared to the average American.   Burning fossil fuels pollutes our air and destroys our planet. We  cannot afford inaction any longer. We also cannot afford to pass up the  opportunity to create millions of good-paying jobs that will propel our  economy forward.   It is time for Congress to pass a bold infrastructure plan that  protects our planet, air quality, and economy.   As we on the Central Coast know, investing in clean energy is a win- win-win.   