 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman  from Pennsylvania (Ms. Scanlon) for yielding me the customary 30  minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the rule before us today provides for consideration of  S. 475, a bipartisan bill establishing a national holiday on June 19,  known as Juneteenth National Independence Day. The June 19th date marks  the date that Major General Gordon Granger arrived in Galveston, Texas,  and announced the end of slavery and the Civil War.   I am honored to stand here with my colleague from Pennsylvania as the  Battle of Gettysburg, of course, took place in Pennsylvania, involving  the largest number of Civil War casualties, and marked the turning  point of the war.   In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Keystone State played a crucial part in the  Civil War. My State provided over 350,000 soldiers and sailors, more  than any other Northern State except New York. Pennsylvania also served  as a vital resource for military equipment and food for the Union Army.  As I already mentioned, the Commonwealth was the site of the world's  largest battle, that of Gettysburg.   So, it probably comes as no surprise that Pennsylvania already  recognizes Juneteenth. In fact, since 1980, 47 States, including, as I  said, my home State of Pennsylvania, as well as the District of  Columbia, have issued legislation recognizing Juneteenth as a holiday  or as a day of observance.   Designating June 19 as a national holiday would increase awareness  and education on Juneteenth; it would celebrate Black history and  culture; and it would recognize the Americans who fought and died to  end slavery.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time. I would like to thank my good friend and colleague from Texas  (Ms. Jackson Lee) for the kind words for my home State of Pennsylvania,  and for recognizing the descendants of those who fought to end slavery,  especially those in Pennsylvania.   Additionally, I would like to commend her on working on the House  companion for, from what I am understanding, years and years. So this  certainly says volumes about the work she put into the bill, and I  would just like to thank her.   Mr. Speaker, President Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation  in 1863, but it took 2\1/2\ years for slaves in Texas to learn of their  freedom. S. 475 will finally designate June 19 as a national holiday  and highlight the important history and contribution of Black Americans  and those who fought and died to end slavery.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   