 Mr. President, ``free, fair elections are the lifeblood  of our democracy. Charges of unfairness are serious, but calling an  election unfair does not make it so. Charges require specific  allegations and then proof. We have neither here.''   Those aren't my words. Those are the words of a judge on the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, rejecting President Trump's  legal challenges to the Pennsylvania election--a judge who, I might  add, was a longtime member of the conservative Federalist Society and  was nominated to the bench by President Trump.   Mr. President, the 2020 presidential election was hard-fought, but  the American people spoke clearly and decisively: 81.2 million votes  for Joe Biden, 74.2 million votes for Donald Trump, 51.3 percent of the  vote for Joe Biden, 46.8 percent of the vote for Donald Trump, 306  electoral college votes for Joe Biden, 232 electoral college votes for  Donald Trump.   Accepting the outcome of an election can be difficult when our  political party doesn't win, but calling an election unfair does not  make it so.   More than 60 Federal and State courts, involving more than 90 judges,  many of whom were nominated by Republican Presidents, including  President Trump, are all in agreement. No evidence of widespread fraud,  wrongdoing, or other irregularities have been uncovered during the 2020  election.   Unfortunately, some of our colleagues today ask us to do the same  thing Donald Trump asked of the secretary of state of Georgia: to  overturn the results of the 2020 election without specific allegations  and without proof. Our colleagues are asking us not to abide by the  will of the people but to bend to the will of one man, Donald Trump.   In 1787, delegates from 13 States convened in Philadelphia to debate  the future of our country. Our Founders disagreed on many things, but  they did agree that they didn't want a King, and they set up an  intricate system of checks and balances to ensure that we would never  have an all-powerful King. That system of checks and balances is being  pushed to a dangerous limit here today, but it will prevail.   Here are just some of the claims Donald Trump and his legal team have  made and that our colleagues lend credence to today: that Venezuela,  Cuba, and China rigged our country's voting machines in favor of Joe  Biden; that dead people voted in this election and they only voted for  Joe Biden; and that poll watchers and election observers--who risked  their lives during this pandemic to uphold the integrity of our  elections--stuffed ballot boxes with Biden votes and shredded Trump  votes. Not one--let me repeat--not one of these things is true. There  is no evidence to back up these ridiculous claims.   Many of these absurd claims from Donald Trump and his legal team are  nothing more than conspiracy theories circulating online. This  misinformation and dangerous rhetoric from the President and his  allies, including calls for violence, have polluted our discourse and  imperiled our peaceful transition of power. And when our colleagues  show indifference or outright support for these unsubstantiated claims  and conspiracy theories, they lead our nation and our Constitution down  a dangerous path. We all swore an oath to support and defend our  Constitution--not our political party, and certainly not any individual  candidate.   Colleagues, for the safety of our citizens and our Republic, we must  lead by example and turn the temperature down. It was a hard-fought  campaign, but the campaign is over, the votes have been counted, the  count has been certified in all 50 States, and in 2 weeks, on January  20th, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris will be sworn-in as President and  Vice-President of the United States.   We have serious and urgent challenges that will require working with  our new President and Vice President and with one another, including  making sure hundreds of millions of Americans can be vaccinated,  getting our kids back to school, and getting their parents back to  work, just to name a few.   It is time to stop trying to overturn the will of the people and get  back to working on their behalf.   President Lincoln observed at the end of the Gettysburg Address that  ours is a ``government of the people, by the people, and for the  people.'' Even in the midst of a Civil War, President Lincoln put his  unwavering faith in ``the people'' to chart our Nation's course. We  would be wise to remember Lincoln's words in this moment. We are not a  government of Trump, by Trump, and for Trump. We are a government of  the people, by the people, and for the people. And the people have  spoken. Our only job today is to listen to them.    Mr. President, ``Free, fair elections are the lifeblood  of our democracy. Charges on fairness are serious.'' I think we will  all agree. ``But calling an election unfair does not make it so.  Charges require specific allegations and then [they require] proof. We  have neither here.''   Those are not my words. Those are the words of a judge on the U.S.  Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit rejecting President  Trump's legal challenges to the Pennsylvania election. I might add, a  judge who was a longtime member of the conservative Federalist Society  and was nominated to the bench by none other than Donald Trump.   The 2020 Presidential election was hard-fought--we will all agree.  But the American people spoke clearly, and they spoke decisively: 81.2  million voters voted for Joe Biden--81.2; 74.2 million voted for Donald  Trump; 51.3 percent of the vote went for Joe Biden; 46.8 percent of the  vote was for Donald Trump; 306 electoral college votes for Joe Biden;  232 electoral college votes for Donald Trump. Four years earlier,  Donald Trump referred to that kind of outcome as a ``landslide'' for  him, and he lost the popular vote by 3 million votes.   But accepting the outcome of the election can be difficult when our  political party doesn't win. We have all felt that before. But calling  an election unfair does not make it so. More than 60 Federal and State  courts involving more than 90 judges--many of whom were nominated by  Republican Presidents, including Donald Trump--are all in agreement.  That is pretty amazing, isn't it? All in agreement. No evidence of  widespread fraud, wrongdoing, or other irregularities have been  uncovered during the 2020 election. That is a victory for democracy,  for our democracy.   Unfortunately, some of our colleagues today ask us to do the same  thing that Donald Trump asked of the secretary of state for the State  of Georgia--to overturn the results of the 2020 election without  specific allegations and, more importantly, without any proof. Our  colleagues are asking us not to abide by the will of the people but to  bend to the will of one man--one man--Donald Trump.   In 1787, delegates from the Thirteen Colonies convened in  Philadelphia to debate the future of what would become the United  States of America. Our Founders disagreed on a lot of things, but, you  know, they all agreed on one thing for sure: They did not want a King;  they did not want a Monarch. Many of them had been there, done that.  They didn't want to see it and feel it again, and they set up this  intricate system of checks and balances to ensure that we would never  have that all-powerful King in this country.   That system of checks and balances is being pushed to a dangerous  limit here today, but that system will prevail--along with it, our  democracy.   Here are just some of the claims Donald Trump and his legal team have  made and that our colleagues lend credence to here today: that  Venezuela, Cuba, and China rigged our country's voting machines in  favor of Joe Biden; that dead people voted in this election, and they  only voted for Joe Biden; that poll watchers and election observers who  risked their lives during this pandemic to uphold the integrity of our  elections stuffed ballot boxes with Biden votes, and then they shredded  Trump votes.   Not one--let me repeat--not one of these things is true. There is no  evidence--no evidence--to back up these ridiculous claims. Many of  these absurd claims from Donald Trump and his legal team are nothing  more than conspiracy theories circuiting online.   This misinformation and dangerous rhetoric from the President and his  allies--including calls for violence--have  [[Page S36]]  polluted our discourse and imperiled our peaceful transfer of power.   When our colleagues show indifference to outright support for these  unsubstantiated claims and conspiracy theories, they lead our Nation  and our Constitution down a dangerous, dangerous path.   All of us who serve here swore an oath to support and defend our  Constitution. I swore that same oath as a naval flight officer many  times and as midshipman before that. But all of us here have sworn to  support and defend our Constitution, not our political party and  certainly not any individual candidate.   Colleagues, for the safety of our citizens and our Republic, we must  lead by example. We must turn the temperature down. It was a hard- fought campaign, but the campaign is over. The votes have been counted.  The count has been certified in all 50 States.   In 2 weeks, on January 20, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris will be sworn  in as President and Vice President of the United States, as they should  be. We have serious and urgent challenges that will require working  together with our new President and new Vice President, with one  another in this Chamber--Democrats, Republicans, and Independents--and  with our colleagues over in the House of Representatives.   What is on our ``to do'' list?   We can start with making sure that hundreds of millions of Americans  get vaccinated--that we get off the dime and start vaccinating. We  vaccinated 4 million people last month. We were supposed to have  vaccinated 20 million. How are we ever going to get to 250 million at  this rate?   What else is on our ``to do'' list?   We are getting our kids back to school. We have kids who are unable  to get on the internet, who are unable to participate in their classes,  and who may not have any adult supervision at home. They are  struggling, and they are falling even further behind. We need to do  something to help them.   What else is on our ``to do'' list?--getting their parents back to  work, just to name a few things. Think of all of the millions of people  who have lost jobs and don't have skills anymore to fill the jobs that  are needed. They need our help. They need to be retooled and retrained.  It is time to stop overturning the will of the people. Let's get back  to working on their behalf.   Abraham Lincoln has been quoted a couple of times here tonight, but  he observed at the end of the Gettysburg Address that ours is a  ``government of the people, by the people, for the people.'' Even in  the midst of a civil war, President Lincoln put his unwavering faith in  the people to chart our Nation's course. We would be wise to remember  Lincoln's words at this moment, at this special moment, in our Nation's  history.   We are not a government of Trump, by Trump, and for Trump. We are a  government of the people, by the people, and for the people, and the  people have spoken. The people have spoken. Our job here today is to  listen to them. I intend to do that. I trust that my colleagues will  join me in doing that as well.   I yield the floor.   