 Mr. President, first, on Build Back Better, Democrats  continue their work this week to iron out the details of our Build Back  Better agenda--a once-in-a-generation opportunity to rebuild ladders  for working families to reach the middle class, to help people stay in  the middle class who are already there, and to secure another century  of American prosperity.   Last night, I held another round of extensive talks with top  officials from the White House, with the Speaker, and with my Senate  colleagues. We made good progress, and we continue our talks later this  week. There is more work to do, so we are going to keep at it. We are  going to work at this every day until we can get it done.   I want to thank my colleagues, the Speaker, and the White House for  everything they are doing to finalize this important bill. It is a rare  opportunity to do something big for the American people, and we will  press ahead until we pass both a bipartisan infrastructure bill and our  Build Back Better agenda into law.    Mr. President, first, let me thank my friend, our  chairman of the Judiciary, Senator Leahy, not only for introducing this  legislation but for his dedication to voting rights over the many  decades that he has served in this body. Few have done more to push  voting rights to make sure people have the right to vote without some  of the barriers that have always been placed in the way by people who  want to discriminate against people--particularly people of color--when  it comes to voting. So I thank him.   Mr. President, the story of American democracy is a messy tale of  starts and stops. For over 240 years, our march to establish the United  States as a full democracy has always seemed to involve two steps  forward, one step back.   Today, I am proud to join my colleagues, Senators Leahy and Durbin,  as they lead this Chamber in another bold step forward by introducing  the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, a long-overdue update to  the Voting Rights Act of 1965. No piece of legislation has done more to  protect the franchise than the Voting Rights  [[Page S6917]]  Act of the sixties. Its critical preclearance provision compelled  jurisdictions with recent histories of discrimination to secure Federal  approval before amending their election laws.    For decades, the Senate reauthorized the VRA's preclearance  provisions with bipartisan votes because both parties understood that  this powerful Federal tool made our democracy stronger. Sadly, in 2013,  a conservative majority on the Supreme Court gutted the VRA's  preclearance and cleared the way for some of the most repressive voter  suppression laws we have seen in generations.   For those Supreme Court Justices who said this is not necessary, I  think they should look at what as happened since preclearance was  eliminated. It is just awful, and it was one of the lowest moments of  the Supreme Court in recent memory: the Shelby decision.   Now, because of that Shelby decision, in 2021, 19 States, just in  this year, 2021, have enacted 33 laws that will limit Americans' access  to the ballot, according to the Brennan Center for Justice at New York  University. What we are seeing across the States today is nothing short  of Jim Crow in the 21st century, aided and abetted and allowed by the  Shelby decision, which so tied the hands of the Justice Department when  discriminatory legislation was being enacted at the State level.   The Senate must fight back. We must restore the preclearance  provisions of the Voting Rights Act and retailor it to meet the  challenges of the 21st century. That is what the John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act will do. As an important complement to the  Freedom to Vote Act, it will reestablish the VRA's preclearance  coverage formula--based on an updated, robust catalog of modern-day  voter suppression laws--while adopting new provisions to address the  next generation of suppressive voting. This new bill also responds to  the Court's troubling ruling in Brnovich earlier this year, which even  further weakened the VRA's protections against State practices that  hinder minorities seeking to vote.   We have to be brutally honest. This country has to look at itself in  the mirror. Racial barriers to the ballot are, regrettably, part of our  past, our present, and now, with some of these decisions, part of our  future. When the Nation was founded, you had to be a White male  Protestant property owner in many of the States to vote. Today, we have  come a long way in our struggle to live up to our country's founding  promise, and this bill takes the next step by restoring the proper role  of the Federal Government to protect Americans' constitutional right to  participate in our democracy.   As Senator Warnock has so eloquently stated, we must put out the fire  that is presently engulfing our democracy, and that is what the Freedom  to Vote Act will do. We must build a state-of-the-art fire department  to prevent future fires. That is what the reforms of the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act will do.   This is a good bill. This is an urgent bill. As majority leader, it  is my intention to hold a vote on this legislation in the near future.  I am proud to designate this ``S. 4'' to mark its critical restoration  of the section 4 preclearance formula.   We hope that all of our colleagues will join us in good faith in  advancing solutions to ensure all Americans have their voices heard in  their democracy. If some of our colleagues on the other side have  different ideas of how to protect free and fair elections, we urge them  to put them forward. But we will not be deterred just because some of  our colleagues choose to stand silent with their arms crossed, content  to play politics with the health of our Republic. On this issue, the  Senate must act, and we will act.   I want to thank again my colleagues Senators Leahy and Durbin for  their diligence and leadership on this important piece of legislation  and for all they do to make sure this Chamber always works to  strengthen our precious democracy.    Mr. President, first, let me thank my friend, our  chairman of the Judiciary, Senator Leahy, not only for introducing this  legislation but for his dedication to voting rights over the many  decades that he has served in this body. Few have done more to push  voting rights to make sure people have the right to vote without some  of the barriers that have always been placed in the way by people who  want to discriminate against people--particularly people of color--when  it comes to voting. So I thank him.   Mr. President, the story of American democracy is a messy tale of  starts and stops. For over 240 years, our march to establish the United  States as a full democracy has always seemed to involve two steps  forward, one step back.   Today, I am proud to join my colleagues, Senators Leahy and Durbin,  as they lead this Chamber in another bold step forward by introducing  the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, a long-overdue update to  the Voting Rights Act of 1965. No piece of legislation has done more to  protect the franchise than the Voting Rights  [[Page S6917]]  Act of the sixties. Its critical preclearance provision compelled  jurisdictions with recent histories of discrimination to secure Federal  approval before amending their election laws.    For decades, the Senate reauthorized the VRA's preclearance  provisions with bipartisan votes because both parties understood that  this powerful Federal tool made our democracy stronger. Sadly, in 2013,  a conservative majority on the Supreme Court gutted the VRA's  preclearance and cleared the way for some of the most repressive voter  suppression laws we have seen in generations.   For those Supreme Court Justices who said this is not necessary, I  think they should look at what as happened since preclearance was  eliminated. It is just awful, and it was one of the lowest moments of  the Supreme Court in recent memory: the Shelby decision.   Now, because of that Shelby decision, in 2021, 19 States, just in  this year, 2021, have enacted 33 laws that will limit Americans' access  to the ballot, according to the Brennan Center for Justice at New York  University. What we are seeing across the States today is nothing short  of Jim Crow in the 21st century, aided and abetted and allowed by the  Shelby decision, which so tied the hands of the Justice Department when  discriminatory legislation was being enacted at the State level.   The Senate must fight back. We must restore the preclearance  provisions of the Voting Rights Act and retailor it to meet the  challenges of the 21st century. That is what the John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act will do. As an important complement to the  Freedom to Vote Act, it will reestablish the VRA's preclearance  coverage formula--based on an updated, robust catalog of modern-day  voter suppression laws--while adopting new provisions to address the  next generation of suppressive voting. This new bill also responds to  the Court's troubling ruling in Brnovich earlier this year, which even  further weakened the VRA's protections against State practices that  hinder minorities seeking to vote.   We have to be brutally honest. This country has to look at itself in  the mirror. Racial barriers to the ballot are, regrettably, part of our  past, our present, and now, with some of these decisions, part of our  future. When the Nation was founded, you had to be a White male  Protestant property owner in many of the States to vote. Today, we have  come a long way in our struggle to live up to our country's founding  promise, and this bill takes the next step by restoring the proper role  of the Federal Government to protect Americans' constitutional right to  participate in our democracy.   As Senator Warnock has so eloquently stated, we must put out the fire  that is presently engulfing our democracy, and that is what the Freedom  to Vote Act will do. We must build a state-of-the-art fire department  to prevent future fires. That is what the reforms of the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act will do.   This is a good bill. This is an urgent bill. As majority leader, it  is my intention to hold a vote on this legislation in the near future.  I am proud to designate this ``S. 4'' to mark its critical restoration  of the section 4 preclearance formula.   We hope that all of our colleagues will join us in good faith in  advancing solutions to ensure all Americans have their voices heard in  their democracy. If some of our colleagues on the other side have  different ideas of how to protect free and fair elections, we urge them  to put them forward. But we will not be deterred just because some of  our colleagues choose to stand silent with their arms crossed, content  to play politics with the health of our Republic. On this issue, the  Senate must act, and we will act.   I want to thank again my colleagues Senators Leahy and Durbin for  their diligence and leadership on this important piece of legislation  and for all they do to make sure this Chamber always works to  strengthen our precious democracy.   