 Madam President, I rise today to discuss  another issue in the Democrats' massive COVID spending bill that we  need to fix.   My Democratic colleagues want to keep spending into oblivion, taking  our national debt to $30 trillion. This would be bad enough on its own,  but tucked into the bloated spending package were new tax hikes on  self-employed individuals.   President Biden and the Democrats didn't talk about it, and they  certainly aren't talking about it as they travel the Nation to brag  about their bad bill.   Democrats are quietly raising taxes, hoping the American people don't  notice. The $1.9 trillion so-called American Rescue Plan Act, of which  less than 10 percent went to actually help fight COVID and 1 percent to  vaccines, had several tax increases and burdensome reporting  requirements, including one that significantly impacts the gig  workers--those who have been severely impacted by the coronavirus  pandemic.   Starting in 2022, this bill requires many contractors with gig  economy companies like Uber, DoorDash, Airbnb, and Lyft to file 1099  forms when they previously would not have. The new requirement  dramatically lowers the annual 1099 reporting threshold from $20,000  and 200 transactions to just $600 and eliminates the transaction  minimum.   In late February, before the Democrats rushed their spending bill  through Congress on a purely partisan basis, a coalition of groups  wrote to Speaker Pelosi and Leader Schumer, asking that this onerous  new provision, which has nothing to do with addressing the coronavirus  crisis, be removed or at least reconsidered. The letter was signed by  groups such as the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, the  National Asian American Chamber of Commerce, National Association for  the Self-Employed, United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and the  National Association of Women Business Owners.   After receiving such a letter, one would think that Democrats would  want to reconsider. Raising taxes and reporting requirements in the  midst of a pandemic? This is never good policy, but I can't think of  any worse timing. Of course, Democrats kept the provision buried deep  within the bill, hoping the American public wouldn't notice.   The Democrats' new reporting requirements are effectively a tax hike  and will ultimately hurt low- and middle-income contractors, the self- employed, and freelancers, many of whom have been devastated by the  pandemic,  [[Page S1739]]  while Federal and State Governments will collect billions more in  income tax revenue.   My Democratic colleagues want the American public to believe this is  about catching tax cheats. And, to be clear, any attempt to evade taxes  and defraud the public by not following the law should be condemned,  and Congress should appropriately address it. However, a massive new  reporting requirement of gig workers, many just trying to make ends  meet in the midst of this pandemic, is not about catching tax fraud. It  is about punishing the self-employed and raising revenues for the  Democrats' massive spending plans.   It wasn't that long ago that President Biden promised that he  wouldn't raise taxes on anyone making under $400,000. Obviously, that  was not true. But this isn't the first time Democrats have tried to  quietly increase taxes and saddle the self-employed with new  requirements like this. They did it with ObamaCare when they required  businesses to send 1099 forms for all purchases of goods and services  over $600 annually. They quickly learned how unpopular and harmful this  provision was, and they quickly repealed it. The Obama administration  even praised the repeal as a ``big win'' for the self-employed. I guess  some never learn.   What I am proposing is very simple. It is what the Democrats  supported in 2011 when they repealed this bad tax increase in  ObamaCare.   Today, I want to remove this new reporting requirement and simply  reinstate the previous law back into U.S. code.   Increasing reporting requirements on our gig workers will create new  and unexpected challenges for independent, self-employed workers and  entrepreneurs, who are already facing an incredible burden created by  the coronavirus.   Increasing costs and regulations on already struggling Americans is  wrong, and I hope all of my colleagues will join me today and repeal  this bad policy.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  948, introduced earlier today. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, that sounded good, but this is  clearly a tax increase. It is a massive tax increase, and it is a  massive new reporting requirement on already struggling Americans. Our  focus ought to be on helping support American workers, especially these  gig economy workers who have been hurt so badly.   I am disappointed my colleague wants to increase costs and  regulations on American families. What is strange is that my colleague  from Oregon voted to repeal this bad provision when Democrats added it  to ObamaCare. So what is crazy is, why is he OK today with raising  taxes on the American people now? This is all part of the Democrats'  tax-and-spend agenda, and it is just the beginning.   Let's remember, with the last spending bill the Democrats passed, we  will have $30 trillion of debt. As Governor of Florida, I worked so  that we cut taxes 100 times, and we paid off a third of our State debt.   We have to think that way here. How can we grow this economy and  reduce the costs for Americans, not increase the costs to Americans?  These bad types of policies will ruin our economy and a shot at the  American dream, which we all believe in.   I am going to fight every day to get the government out of the way  and make sure that doesn't happen.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   