 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wanted to come to the floor very briefly  today to thank Chairman Menendez and Ranking Member Risch for the great  work they did on the Foreign Relations Committee to add to the pending  legislation a title developed in the Foreign Relations Committee that  makes sure that we are building the kinds of capacities inside the  State Department and USAID that are able to make sure America can  compete with China and a host of other developing, advancing nations  all around the world.   The fact is, we are often fighting our competitors with one hand tied  behind our back. For instance, the size of the Chinese international  development bank dwarfs the capacities of the similar institution that  is used by the United States of America, the DFC.   We have added new capacities to the DFC in this legislation that will  allow the United States of America to be able to make sure that we can  do development deals around the world and compete with other nations  that are fast investing significant amounts of money and trying to use  that money as leverage to gain political interest and political  influence.   Included in that title, midwifed through the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee, is a provision that builds upon the expectation that  Congress should have that the administration share with us agreements  that they have entered into on behalf of the United States. If we want  to play our constitutional role to be a coequal branch with the  executive on the setting of American foreign policy, then, of course,  this body needs to have access--immediate access--to any agreements,  whether they be binding or nonbinding, that the Federal Government,  through the executive branch, has entered into on behalf of the  American people.   I am very pleased that the legislation includes a requirement that,  in an expeditious manner, the executive branch, whether there is a  Republican President or a Democratic President, share with Congress any  agreements that they have entered into on behalf of our constituents.   That section of the bill goes a little bit further than that, though.  It also says that the administration shall notify Congress anytime that  the administration is beginning a negotiation over a prospective  agreement with a foreign nation. Again, that, on its face, makes a lot  of sense, the idea that the administration should be communicating with  Congress when they have begun a significant negotiation with a foreign  country that may ultimately obligate the United States or this Congress  with respect to an international agreement.   I raised, during the consideration of this bill in the Foreign  Relations Committee and I have continued to raise both publicly and  privately, concerns I have that I think are shared by current and  former diplomats that there is a potential that by going too far in our  request that the administration inform us of negotiations, we could  provide a chill on both our government's willingness to enter into what  are sometimes very sensitive, early negotiations with foreign  governments but also a chill on foreign nations' interest in entering  into negotiations with the United States of America if they were to  understand that anytime they began a conversation with the United  States about a very sensitive matter, there would be a notification to  Congress that could easily become public.   In fact, there are good reasons sometimes where the executive branch,  early on in a negotiation, before they know whether it is even going to  become an agreement a year, 2 years down the line, would want the space  to conduct that negotiation without the public eye coming down on those  proceedings.   So I think there is a way to get this right. I think that we want to  make  [[Page S3845]]  sure that any agreements are sent to Congress. I can even understand  how, in some circumstances, when you are talking about big negotiations  of national significance, we would want to know at some point when  those negotiations have begun. But I think you have to understand that  there are two equities at play here. One is transparency, the right of  Congress to get information from the executive branch, but the other  equity is that we don't want to do anything here that would  disincentivize diplomacy, that would create a massive bureaucracy  inside the State Department that would serve as a barrier to  negotiations with countries that may avoid a war or may end up in a  more efficient expenditure of U.S. taxpayer dollars.   So I want to raise this concern about this language that is included  in the substitute amendment. I know that there is a long way before  this bill is law. Obviously, the House will take up their own version,  and there will be some reconciliation between the House and the Senate.  And I am glad to have Senator Menendez's commitment to continue to have  this discussion to make sure that we balance these equities--the equity  of Congress's right to know with the equity to invest and incentivize  in American diplomacy.   I yield the floor.   