 Madam President, with the Presiding Officer's help, and  the help of 48 others--48 others in this body, we provided back in  March an amendment; and then in final passage, we provided the biggest  tax cut--the largest tax cut for working families ever.   It is called the Child Tax Credit. It has been several years in the  making. We didn't make so much progress the last 4 years, but an  election and a new President, coupled with a new U.S. Senate, has made  all the difference in the world.   In my State, 2.4 million children are eligible. And 2.1 million of  those--I will get to that in a moment; we haven't reached everybody  yet. But 2.1 million saw last week in the mail--in their mailbox or  direct deposits in their bank accounts--2.1 million children were the  beneficiary of $250 or $300 last week.   So every month--July 15, coming up August 15, September 15, October  15, children from zero to 5, their parents will get $300 each of those  months. If their children are 6 to 17, those families will get $250 per  child. Almost every child--92 percent of children in Ohio, roughly the  same; 9 out of 10 in the State of Wisconsin, the Presiding Officer's  State, will be getting--their families will be getting checks in the  mail--these checks in the mail.   In sort of a macro big way, we know this does a number of things.  First of all, it drops the poverty rate among America's children by  almost 50 percent. Imagine that. One bill we do drops the poverty rate  among children in this country by 50 percent, something government has  never been able to do. And because of this Child Tax Credit, the  largest tax cut for working families in American history, it will make  a huge difference.   In another macro sort of way, the people of Wisconsin and Ohio and  other  [[Page S5213]]  States will benefit because we are injecting this kind of money. In  Ohio last week, $550 million was sent to the State from the Federal  Government to these children, to these families. And for most of these  families--the wealthiest people don't get this--it is 90 percent; 9 out  of 10 families do, but they have children.   This money goes directly into these communities. They are going to be  spending this money at the local grocery store, the local hardware  store, to fix their car so they don't miss work, and maybe take their  kid once in a while to a restaurant. So the money is not going to be  put in a Swiss bank account. It will be spent in local communities,  making a difference. That is sort of the big picture.   The joy of working on this bill and starting--I started working on  this in 2013, joined by Michael Bennet and Senator Booker, and then,  since he came, Senator Warnock and Senator Baldwin and Senator Ossoff  have been helpful and Senator Wyden, the chair of the Finance  Committee. The joy of this is to see how this affects individual  families' lives.   So a couple of weeks ago, before the checks were sent out, I did a  series of roundtables in Defiance, in Findlay, in Ryan, in Cleveland,  in Dayton, in Toledo, in--where else?--in Youngstown, and in  Cincinnati, and I just asked families: What are you going to do with  this money? Many families didn't know it was even coming; the word  wasn't out yet. I just heard some interesting comments. But then after  the checks were sent out, I also heard stories, and here is what this  means to families:   One mother said: You know, for the first time, I can now send my son  to camp for a week, to a summer camp--for the first time in her life.   A father said: You know, I am now going to be able to buy for my  daughter--she loves fastpitch softball. She is really good. I am going  to be able to buy her the equipment to do that.   A number of families said: We are now in a position where we can  actually, without scrounging--so many American families can barely  afford their rent. Twenty-five percent of American families pay half  their income in rent. Think about that. One out of four renters pays  half their income in rent. One thing goes wrong in their lives--their  car breaks down--they can end up being evicted.   So what this $300 per child or $250 per child--for a lot of families,  it just relieved the anxiety of the difficulty of putting together the  money they need to pay their rent, because the last week of a month for  many families is different from the first three because, the last week,  they start making cuts and not spending as much money on food, all the  things they have got to do to pay their rent. Look, this is going to  alleviate--it is going to lift that burden off so many families.   Other families who are a little more affluent but still, you know,  hanging on to being middle class are now able, they told me, to put  $100 aside every month. Because of this child tax credit, because of  the largest tax cut for working families ever, they are going to be  able to put aside $100 a month for their child to go to Ohio State or  to Denison or to Cleveland State or to Sinclair Community College in  Ohio.   So all the kinds of things--and you know, Madam President, I know you  have, in Wisconsin, have thought about this. The best thing about this  is, you know, it is not Senator Baldwin or Senator Schumer or Senator  McConnell or President Biden--it is not them saying to a family: OK.  Here is some money. Here is where you are going to spend it. We are  going to help you with this. We are going to help you. It is trusting  these families. This $250 a month or $300 a month these families get,  they get this money, and they decide what is best for their family.   It is still, frankly, Madam President, inexplicable to me that  everybody on this side of the aisle voted no, every single one of them.  They had two chances. They voted no on an amendment on the bill, and  then they voted no on the bill to give the largest tax cut for working  families ever.   We all know around here--it is no secret--that this side of the aisle  likes tax cuts; they just like them for rich people. But they always  argue: You know, if we cut taxes on the rich, it will trickle down; it  will help everybody. Well, there is kind of no evidence for that, but  they keep doing it because they know that it plays really well with  their rich contributors.   But this is what tax cuts are really about. The child tax credit puts  money in people's pockets, it gives them the choice on how to spend  those dollars on behalf of their families, and it helps the community  because there is more money in the community. We know that, and we know  that the best kind of infrastructure, the best way to build  infrastructure in this country is to build a foundation for families.   I am for this bill that we are considering now: water, sewer,  highways, bridges. I want to do that, but I want to build a foundation  for families, too, not just the physical--a better highway system, a  better water and sewer system--but I want to give families broadband. I  want to give families a little bit of money like this does. I want to  build and help families with housing because then that foundation-- these families can launch their children into a more prosperous future,  and that is, to me, what this is all about. That is why the child tax  credit is the most important thing I have ever worked on in my career,  and I think it is one of the most important things Congress has done in  a quarter century.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. BROWN assumed the Chair.)   