 Mr. President, for the second time in over a year, events  compelled the Senate to hold an impeachment trial for President Donald  Trump. By once more acquitting the President despite overwhelming  evidence of his guilt, the Senate has again abdicated its  responsibility to the American people and our democratic Republic.   The Founders fashioned our constitutional system to at once defy  history and reflect its enduring lessons. They understood that since  the first human societies, rule of the strong had prevailed across ages  of warlords, monarchs, emperors, and tyrants. From the examples of  ancient Greece and Rome, they also knew that rule by the people was the  fragile, flickering exception.   To ignite America's experiment in self-government, the Founders  handed us a constitutional system unique in human history, with  inalienable rights for the people, free and fair democratic elections,  the rule of law, and coequal  [[Page S944]]  branches of government to check the unbridled ambitions that risked  dragging us into tyranny. Our system was never perfect--far from it-- but over 234 years, Americans have fought and sacrificed to make it  more democratic, more fair, and more free.   The Founders also understood that, however well-crafted the  Constitution may be, its fate would inevitably depend on the public  officials sworn to protect it. They could give the Senate the unique  power to convict a President, but they could not guarantee Senators  would exercise that power when the moment required it.   Their fears were realized on February 13, 2021, when the Senate  failed to convict President Trump, a man who defied every standard of  conduct and decency the Founders expected of public officials.   Months before Americans cast their ballots, Donald Trump made our  democracy his enemy--manufacturing false claim after false claim to  undermine the 2020 election. He warned the election would be stolen or  rigged, dead people would vote, and voting machines were not  trustworthy. He repeated these claims incessantly on social media, at  his rallies, and in interview after interview on cable news. He repeats  these lies to this day.   When Donald Trump lost the election by over 7 million votes, he  refused to concede. Instead, he waged a months-long war against the  peaceful transition of power. First, he challenged the election results  in court. He lost 61 out of the 62 cases, often being howled out of  court by Federal judges, many appointed by the President, for failing  to produce any evidence of widespread fraud. Former Attorney General  William Barr, one of the President's most steadfast allies, confirmed  that there was no such evidence.   So the President changed course. He threw the weight of his office  against State and local officials hoping he could coerce them into  overturning their States' lawfully conducted election. He called  election officials in Wayne County, MI. He summoned State senators from  Michigan and Pennsylvania to the White House to urge the legislature to  intervene. His aides hounded the Governor of Arizona to echo the  President's baseless claims about the election. Most notoriously, he  browbeat Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger in a recorded  phone call to ``find'' another 11,780 Trump votes and badgered the Vice  President to reject the certification of the electoral results. In my  view, these actions alone warranted impeachment. But he didn't stop  there.   In the end, President Trump stopped at nothing. As Congress gathered  on January 6 to certify the electoral college results, he incited a mob  to invade the Capitol and ``stop the steal.'' They scaled, as if it  were an enemy rampart, the platform built for President-elect Biden's  inauguration and the peaceful transition of power. They chanted  President Trump's name as they smashed doors, broke windows, and looted  private offices. They repeated the President's lies as they cursed,  speared, and bludgeoned the men and women of law enforcement who  defended our democracy.   At virtually every step of the way, our constitutional system held  its ground because patriotic Americans fulfilled their obligation to  our Republic. From the Capitol Police to the nonpartisan election  officials, to the State and Federal judges, to the Vice President of  the United States--all refused to bend to the President's lawless  demands. We should shudder to think how events would have unfolded if  these Americans had made a different choice.   Yet somehow, confronted with these examples of individual patriotism  and the overwhelming evidence of the President's impeachable offenses,  43 Senators still voted to acquit, including the Senator minority  leader, Mitch McConnell.   The minority leader refused to contest the case laid out by the House  managers. He conceded that President Trump was ``practically and  morally responsible for provoking the events'' of January 6, committing  what he called ``a disgraceful dereliction of duty.'' Instead, the  Senator hid behind a strained reading of history and dodged his duty to  hold President Trump accountable on the feeble ground that the Senate  lacked jurisdiction. Through this sophist sleight of hand, the minority  leader tried to place one foot on the right side of history without  taking the hard vote it actually required. In doing so, he provided  cover to every Republican Senator who joined him to acquit President  Trump, including many who have failed to denounce the former President  for anything he has done to undermine American democracy.   The Constitution grants the legislative branch authority to hold  accountable any President who would seek to undo our democratic system  of government. This Senate's refusal to exercise this authority and  convict Donald Trump is a stain on this body. We had the responsibility  to serve as a check on his anti-American actions and reassert the  standard of government our Founders imagined. We chose otherwise.   With the permission of the Senate's acquittal, Donald Trump refuses  to admit his defeat and continues to mislead his supporters that the  election was stolen. In so doing, he continues to perpetuate, in  another form, the insurrection he unleashed on January 6.   Our democracy stands today, not as a result of our actions, but those  of law enforcement officials at the Capitol and State and local  officials in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona, and Wisconsin-- men and women who didn't surrender to President Trump's tyrannical  demands.   Nearly 2 months later, the U.S. Capitol remains ringed with razor- wire. As I have walked through the perimeter each morning, I have  reflected on those who kept us safe from the President's anti- democratic mob--the law enforcement officials, the people who maintain  and clean the Capitol, congressional staff. They risked life and limb,  not only to defend Senators and Representatives but to defend basic  American principles of our constitutional order: free elections, the  peaceful transition of power, the rule of law, and the separation of  coequal branches of government.   And then I think about the State and local officials, many  Republicans, who held their ground under pressure from the President of  the United States, often accompanied by threats from angry citizens  caught up in his ``Big Lie'' that an election he lost by over 7 million  votes was somehow stolen from him. These brave men and women did their  duty to protect our constitutional system.   They are true patriots no different than the millions of other  citizens who have done their part to defend the way of life we share  under our Constitution. They join the African-American regiments who  defended the Union in the Civil War, the code talkers in World War II,  and the sons and daughters of immigrants who have defended our country  from Yorktown to Normandy to Kandahar.   The Constitution of the United States is not a machine that runs  itself; it is an exercise in self-government. American citizens-- including those elected to serve them in the Senate--must keep it  working and always ensure that it becomes more democratic, more fair,  and more free.   As Americans, we should take comfort that there have been many, from  Frederick Douglass and Susan B. Anthony to the other courageous  citizens who rose to moments far more difficult than our own to protect  the Republic and push it closer still to our highest ideals.   They are why the United States remains, for now, the longest lasting  government by the people in human history. But as the Founders  understood, democracy will always be vulnerable to demagogues who stop  at nothing to hold on to power. History will record the names of those  who stood on the side of the Constitution, passing down to the next  generation the high standard of citizenship our democracy demands.  Hopefully, a future Senate will meet that standard.   