 Madam Speaker, parliamentary privilege.    Madam Speaker, point of order.    It seems to me that my friend, the gentleman from  Maryland, disparaged the gentleman from Indiana here personally and  should have his words taken down.    Yes, I am.    Madam Speaker, further parliamentary inquiry.    Accusing a decorated naval officer in the United States  military is never in good form and should be out of order in this  Chamber.    Madam Speaker, I am proud to represent south central  Pennsylvania, where there is a large community of Ahmadiyya Muslims,  the most persecuted--the most persecuted Muslims--in the Muslim faith,  but yet there is nothing in this bill to safeguard them.   As a matter of fact, many of my colleagues have and will continue to  speak about the lack of definition because it is going to be made up,  ladies and gentlemen, it is just going to be made up based on your  political proclivities. You are either going to be persecuted or you  are not, depending on who you are and who you vote for.   Let's face it, aside from the attempts to placate an anti-Semitic  Member of this Chamber, all that is really happening here is that House  Democrats are deflecting from the real issue confronting the House of  Representatives, and that is that the maker of this bill has no  business sitting on House committees, has no business in this Chamber-- a myriad of anti-Semitic comments and those of support of violence and  terrorisms against the United States are wholly unacceptable. But we  are not going to deal with that because we are going to deal with this.  [[Page H7798]]    Let's not forget the moment the author of this bill breathtakingly  referred to the murder of nearly 3,000 Americans on 9/11 by Islamist  terrorists as some people who did some thing--some people who did  something.   During last week's markup of this legislation in the Foreign Affairs  Committee, I was assailed by my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, they told me I was Islamophobic, nasty, mean, and rude. Why?   Because I offered amendments that would have prevented American tax  dollars from going to organizations with ties to terrorism. Ties to  terrorism. You would think that that would be something we could agree  on because we all agree that nobody should be persecuted based on their  faith. We all agree on that.   But American taxpayers shouldn't be forced to pay terrorist  organizations; organizations that the maker of this bill is affiliated  with, like the one that is an unindicted co-conspirator in the largest  terror finance case in the United States of America's history. Not  because I say so, because the judge says so.   By intentionally leaving the definition of Islamophobia blank in this  bill, the gentlelady and my friends on the other side of the aisle are  creating an office in our State Department that will likely spew anti- Semitic hatred and attack Western ideas throughout the world under the  farce of protecting Islam.   As you can see by this debate, the goal is to silence dissent and  critics of terrorism.   