 Mr. President, I am here today to honor the lives of our  World War II Medal of Honor recipients who bravely served our Nation,  including the last surviving recipient who just celebrated his 98th  birthday, Hershel ``Woody'' Williams.   My colleague is here with me. We have known Woody for years and years  and years. This is a person who has never quit serving his country from  the day he was born to the day he fought and won the Congressional  Medal of Honor in Iwo Jima.   If you ever saw any pictures and basically the war videos we see, you  see a little guy running around Iwo Jima shooting the flame thrower in  the pill boxes. That was Woody. It is just unbelievable.   He is a fellow West Virginian. He was a marine, a Medal of Honor  recipient for his heroic efforts at the Battle of Iwo Jima that I have  been told involved the flame thrower, which I have seen. And it is not  just one. I think he went through five flame throwers because when he  ran out, he went and reloaded and went at them again. It is just  unbelievable.   Woody has dedicated his life to our great and our beautiful United  States through his service in the military and his dedication to  supporting veterans and advocating for their needs for decades after.   There is not a time when I know that Senator Capito and myself don't  hear from Woody and there is something going on, whether it is at the  cemetery, or whether we are having a ride for the Gold Star families.  We do a motorcycle ride, which I would like to invite the Presiding  Officer to.   I say to the Presiding Officer: You would enjoy it. It is wonderful.   Senator Capito has been with us before on that. It is just a  wonderful thing, and Woody has never failed to be part of it. Now, he  rides in a sling shot, but, by golly, he makes the whole route.   He has dedicated his life fully to our veterans and to the Gold Star  families.   He is bound and determined to get a committal shelter built at the  Donel C. Kinnard Memorial State Veterans Cemetery. Again, Senator  Capito and I, both serving on the Appropriations Committee, have  committed that we are united in getting this done. We will get that  done, and it needs to be.   That basically would ensure that the families of our fallen soldiers  and veterans, they have a safe place to lay their loved ones to rest,  protected from the weather, rain, Sun, and snow throughout the year.   In this year's Military Construction and Veterans Affairs  appropriations bill, we include a language to create a pilot program  that allows Federal veterans cemeteries to build shelters for those  purposes. But we must ensure the pilot program includes State veterans  cemeteries, like the Donel C. Kinnard Memorial State Veterans Cemetery.   The families of our fallen servicemembers deserve to honor their  loved ones in peace, and I am proud to help Woody fight for this simple  request.   Americans like Woody Williams answered the call to serve our great  Nation during World War II, and he fought to ensure democracy  prevailed. Their sacrifices allowed the rest of us to enjoy the  freedoms we hold sacred and help make the United States the strongest  Nation in the world.   I am going to share with you one story that Woody has told all of us  back home. He says the thing that he remembers most and the thing that  he stills grieves the most about, he had two marines that were  protecting him with gunfire while he ran around, and their lives were  sacrificed for him. I think both got shot and perished. And he says:  They gave their life for me to do my job and protect and save my life.   There is not a day that goes by, he says, he doesn't think about  that, how the Good Lord spared him and the sacrifices that were made  for him and our country.   So I believe that honoring all of those who served in World War II by  allowing the last surviving--and I want to make sure we understand.  Woody Williams is the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from  World War II.   We are asking that he be allowed to lay in State at the U.S. Capitol  Rotunda. And what better way to honor this generation, their sacrifices  than the President to authorize the State funeral for that brave  individual.   And Woody--there is not a better person to represent all of those who  sacrificed and given their all, all of those who were basically  decorated for their valor, to do this. And bestowing this great honor  on the last survivor and the World War II Medal of Honor recipient  would be the perfect way to come together as a nation to salute the  ``greatest generation.''   So I am honored to be here with my colleague and my friend Senator  Capito in a bipartisan--you know, I have always said this: The glue  that holds this country together is the people who put themselves in  harm's way for all of us.   They didn't say: Well, I will put a uniform on and I will take a  bullet for the Republican, but not the Democrat, or I will take a  bullet for the Democrat and not the Republican.   Senator Capito's father took a bullet for all of us too, and she will  speak about that, I am sure, and the bravery that he had. He was my  dear friend, and we all miss him. But the sacrifices that my parents  and Senator Capito's parents and the generation--that was the  ``greatest generation,'' I think, that we will ever see because they  took responsibility and took responsibility for their action. They held  themselves accountable for their actions, and that showed the character  that generation has.   And that is what I would hope these young interns and all the young  pages that we have here understand, that your character is defined the  day that you take responsibility for the actions--good, bad, or  indifferent--and be able to look yourself in the mirror and say: I made  a mistake. I can do better. That is my fault. I will fix that. That is  character.   So I am honored to be here and to honor every World War II veteran,  every World War II Medal of Honor recipient.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join us in our  efforts to honor these brave veterans. And I call on our President,  President Biden, to grant our request.   With that, I yield the floor to my colleague.    I say to Senator Capito, if you could just wait a  minute.    I know you remember this very well.   Woody is a person who taught us all how to say the Pledge of  Allegiance. Because we think we know how to say it. We all memorized it  as a little kid: ``I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States  of America and to the Republic for which it stands.''   Woody would always say: One Nation under God--do not stop, do not  hesitate at ``one Nation.'' It is ``one Nation under God.'' It is not  ``one Nation.'' ``Under God with liberty and justice for all.''   He corrected us, and he never would let us say it without going with  no pause because he said we are a nation under God.   And I will never forget. He drove that home so many times to all of  us. So the young pages here, I hope you will remember that.   With that, maybe we should do a ``happy birthday'' together to Woody  because he is probably watching. So together, you and I? Happy  birthday, Woody.   