 Mr. Speaker, full disclosure, I actually do not sit on  the Financial Services Committee, but my career has actually been in  financial services. I spent the last 17 years of my life working in  banking, insurance, and financial services.   I understand the importance of protecting investors and ensuring  fairness in the market, which is part of the mission of the SEC. In  fact, it was so important to me that during my time in the Florida  legislature, I introduced legislation that was designed to protect  vulnerable investors, and that legislation has actually become law in  the State of Florida.   H.R. 1187 is inconsistent with the mission of the SEC. It does not  protect investors; it is not fair or efficient. It is the exact  opposite. It is nothing more than a government-run litmus test that  politicizes the SEC and contradicts the very important mission of the  SEC.   Mandating public companies to disclose details that are not  financially relevant or material is an abuse of power. Not to mention,  we see companies who are willing to disclose this information on their  own, and they are taking steps to address some of the issues that my  friends on the other side of the aisle might want to mandate. Just the  other day, Ralph Lauren came out and they said they were going to  publicly disclose this information. It is good for them to do, if they  choose to do so, but this puts companies in a position to compete for  capital based off of virtue signaling rather than the metrics that are  relevant in capital markets.   I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle: How does this move  the needle for everyday Americans? Does disclosing diversity quotas and  carbon emissions impacts, does that promote efficiency in the market? I  know it does not. And it also doesn't promote capital formation in  these markets.   This mandate only promotes what we have seen from this Congress and  the administration, an out-of-touch and misguided political agenda.  This is nothing more than liberal fascism, yet another way to push a  social agenda in our capital markets. This bill will essentially create  good companies and bad companies, and have their future be based off  the opinions of the mob and not their business success.   Just last year, we saw a company like Goya Foods come under fire for  its president's affiliation with the Republican Party.    Mr. Speaker, the attempt to cancel Goya Foods failed,  but it exposed the underbelly of the left's attempt to coerce companies  into bending the knee to the extremists in the court of public opinion.   In short, Mr. Speaker, this is a bad bill. It does not promote  efficient markets, it destroys them. And it sends our financial markets  into a place where we should not go in the United States of America.   