 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As we turn on the news every night and we think again and again about  all of the changes to America that have happened in the last 4 months,  it is so easy to just focus on the border or focus on the inflation or  focus on the constant drumbeat that America is a horrible, racist  nation. And by doing so, we forget the huge changes we have had in  American law and American funding that affect the number of abortions  that happen not only in the United States, but around the world.   It is hard to believe that throughout most of this country's history,  even before ultrasounds were invented, the consensus in this country  was that abortion was horrific; it was murder.  [[Page H3073]]    What have we done in the last few months?   First of all, we have repealed the Mexico City policy so that funds  are once again going to organizations abroad that don't directly but  indirectly fund abortions.   Secondly, we have overturned President Trump's Protect Life rule,  which will reopen Title X Family Planning funding for Planned  Parenthood. We believe that under this, Planned Parenthood has received  $60 million a year, which not only, in part, goes to fund abortions,  but also goes to fund an organization that is designed to encourage or  change America's traditional dislike of abortion.   We are restoring funding to the U.N. Population Fund, which supported  China's birth limit law, and is also proselytizing for abortion.   In the latest attack on unborn babies and pro-life Americans,  President Biden released a fiscal year 2022 budget that removes the  Hyde amendment, the longstanding provision that prohibits Federal  funding of abortions.   We don't believe this is what Americans want. The vast majority of  Americans do not support taxpayer funding of abortion. So much for the  unity that President Biden promised us.   There is, over time, more and more scientific literature that  demonstrates unborn babies can feel pain at a very earlier gestational  age, at the 15-week-old gestational age. So much for science. This is  pro-abortion extremism. We can start by making the Hyde amendment  permanent by passing H.R. 18, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.   