 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to Vanessa Le, a  dedicated member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff,  an integral part of the committee's investigation into Russia's  interference in the 2016 U.S. elections, and my designee on the  committee staff since March of 2019. While with the committee, Vanessa  proved herself time and again to be more than just another capable  lawyer. Although there is no debating her strengths as an attorney, it  is--and I hope always will be--Vanessa's courage in the face of  corruption and expedience that distinguishes her counsel. As an  unrelenting advocate for virtue, sensibility, and the common good,  Vanessa lives the axiom, ``What is right is not always popular, and  what is popular is not always right.''    Vanessa's work for the committee covered a waterfront of complex  national security challenges that ranged from investigating Russia's  election interference to conducting oversight of the U.S.  counterintelligence apparatus. As lead investigative counsel for the  majority on the Russia investigation, Vanessa worked tirelessly to  secure witness interviews and document production, draft and serve  committee subpoenas, interview witnesses, and liaise with the  Department of Justice,  [[Page S6901]]  the Office of Special Counsel, and the Senate legal counsel. In  addition, she helped conduct witness interviews, drafted and reviewed  chapters of the committee's report, and provided crucial legal advice  on the committee's constitutional and Senate procedural authorities.   Vanessa was also responsible for overseeing the FBI and helping to  actualize my policy objectives relative to the Bureau and the Nation's  broader counterintelligence enterprise. Vanessa brought a keen mind,  exacting questions, and a heartfelt passion for the role of the  committee in keeping this Nation secure to work with her every day.   Vanessa's professional experience prior to joining the committee  staff includes time as a litigation associate at the Drinker, Biddle &  Reath law firm branch in Chicago, and as an Honors Attorney in the  National Security Agency's Office of General Counsel. Vanessa is  leaving the committee staff to work for the Office of the Director of  National Intelligence, where she will serve as a special advisor to the  DNI. I can most assuredly say that our loss is Director Haines' gain.  Vanessa will achieve incredible things at the ODNI, and it is to the  country's benefit that her contributions to work with this intelligence  community will continue. Although I am hopeful the transition will  afford her more time with her husband Gary and son George and baby girl  Margaux, anyone who has ever met Vanessa will tell you that she is not  really the relax-at-home type. I suspect she will bring the same  intensity and ``let's get this done'' attitude that she was known for  on the committee into her role at the DNI.   Therefore, it is with a little reluctance and a lot of pride that I  wish Vanessa well and thank her for all she has done for the committee.  Her wit, intellect, boundless energy, and unparalleled mastery of the  culinary arts will be impossible to replace.   Thank you, Vanessa. The vital investigative work of this committee  would not have been accomplished absent your dedication, your clear- minded judgment, and your unwavering moral compass.   