 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan  bill, the fiscal year 2021 Major Medical Facility Authorization Act.   As the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq come to an end, as a Nation, we  are reminded of our profound and sacred commitment to ensure that each  and every one of our veterans gets the support, services, and care they  need when they return home.   We owe this commitment to every generation of veterans who have  served. I know this from when I visited Afghanistan in 2019 as a member  of this committee.   Whether it is exposure to toxic air, coping with the stress and  mental toll of their service, or trying to find a good job as they  transition back to civilian life, we must do all we can to support our  veterans who have served us so well.   That is why I was proud to lead this bipartisan bill in the House.  This bill would create jobs by authorizing the construction of several  major VA medical facilities across the country, including a spinal cord  injury center in Dallas, my hometown and just outside of my district.   The Dallas project, currently underway, will construct a 30-bed,  long-term care spinal cord injury center with the capacity to expand to  60 beds. These funds will ensure this center has all the tools it needs  to best serve veterans in its care, including a warehouse  administration building, parking garage, and central plant  improvements.   In addition to providing long-term care for the medical complications  of spinal cord injuries and disorders, the center will provide a  residential setting in which highly dependent or medically complex  veterans could live on a long-term basis, receiving the specialized  environment, staff skills, and equipment that they require.   In 2020, I worked with folks in both parties to help secure a new VA  hospital in Garland, in my district. This was a vacant hospital that we  were able to get donated to the VA system. It took months and months of  meetings and calls, but we were able to get it done. It has now been up  and running for over a year, and the folks there are doing  extraordinary work. It proves that when we provide the VA with the  resources it needs, the hardworking folks there will go above and  beyond to serve our veterans.   The facility is expected to eventually create 5,000 jobs and is  helping us to better serve 174,000 veterans in north Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to keep building on this work with the  passage of this bill because, like our veterans' service and sacrifice,  our commitment to them must be sacred.   I thank my House cosponsors, Representatives Derek Kilmer, Kim  Schrier, and   Mike Levin. I also thank Chairman Takano and Ranking  Member Bost for their leadership on this bill. I thank the Senate  leads, Senator Jon Tester, chairman of the Senate Committee on  Veterans' Affairs, and Senator Jerry Moran as well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure.   