 Mr. President, I am going to start with a mask because  it is a message to all of America: Vote. Today is voting day. Please  vote. If you haven't voted already, make sure you vote.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 312.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, thank you. I have some brief remarks, and  I want to thank my friend, the Senator from New Jersey, who will move  in a few moments to have this Chamber approve a number of critical  nominees for our national security and is going to be, shamefully,  blocked.   He has been a great fighter not only for these men and women, but on  foreign policy in general, one of the great leaders. And his passion  for this issue comes from a desire to have us have the greatest  strength abroad diplomatically and geopolitically as well. So I cannot  thank him enough.   Mr. President, of all the mandates of the government, the most  important is  [[Page S7592]]  protecting the American people from threats foreign or domestic. To do  so, the President relies on an army of dedicated public servants--our  expert Ambassadors, Diplomats, Under Secretaries, and Assistant  Secretaries, who play a critical role in our government.   But for months, Senate Republicans have gone to great lengths to  place pointless holds on over 100 of these nominees. The consequence is  scores of empty desks in the State Department and in our Embassies and  the Department of the Treasury and other Agencies.   These nominees are not controversial. They are routinely confirmed by  consent in this Chamber, until a few people decided that they wanted to  make a big show of this for whatever reason. No one ever did this  before. No one ever did this--maybe one individual nominee here or  there, but not all of the nominees. It is so risky to the security of  the United States.   By this point in the Trump administration, for instance, both sides  worked together to confirm 32 Ambassadors by voice vote. Most of us  didn't like the Trump administration or the people he was appointing,  but we had enough integrity, enough faith in the future of this country  and the strength of this country not to let politics enter into what  had been routine decisions.   Right now, Republican obstructionism has meant only four nominees  have been agreed to. So the bottom line is--let me be clear-- Republicans who are holding up these nominees are endangering our  national security, making it harder for our country to respond to  threats at home and abroad.   We hear a lot of talk about national security on the other side, but  what it comes down to is that they are preventing 32 State Department  nominees and 10 Defense Department nominees for quick confirmation.  That is wrong, and I would hope that they would think about it and let  these fine people go through the way that has been done under  Democratic and Republican administrations in the past.   Mr. President, of all the mandates of government, the most important  is protecting the American people from all threats, foreign and  domestic. To do so, the President relies on an army of dedicated public  servants: our expert diplomats, ambassadors, Under Secretaries, and  Assistant Secretaries who play a critical role in our government.   But for months, some Senate Republicans have gone to great lengths to  place pointless holds on over 100 of these nominees. The consequence  has been scores of empty desks in the State Department, in our  embassies, in the Department of the Treasury and countless other  agencies.   These nominees are not controversial; they are routinely confirmed by  consent in this Chamber. By this point in the Trump Administration,  both sides worked together to confirm 32 ambassadors by voice vote. But  right now, Republican obstruction has meant only four such nominees  have been agreed to.   Let me be clear: Republicans who are holding up these nominees are  endangering our national security and making it harder for our country  to respond to threats at home and abroad.   Our Republican counterparts always like to talk a good game on  national security concerns, but when it comes down to it they are  preventing 32 State Department nominees and at least 10 Department of  Defense nominees from quick confirmation. All of these are career  national security professionals who are eager to return to public  service and project American strength abroad.   This is not how the Senate normally works to process these dedicated  public servants. Indeed, a number of our colleagues on the other side  have complained that the Senate is taking up a lot of time processing  these individuals.   If Republicans take issue with the amount of time we are taking, they  should speak with their own members who are directly prolonging the  process through their obstruction. Republicans could decide right now  to allow these nominees to go by consent.   This Chamber, under this leadership, is not tolerating a few Members  who want to muck up the confirmation process just to make a scene.   In the weeks and months to come we are going to work through these  nominees as long as it takes. I hope that our Republican colleagues  immediately drop their objections and give President Biden the  officials he needs in place to keep the American people safe.   I yield the floor.   