 Mr. President, I rise today to join Senator Leahy and a  number of our colleagues to remember our friend, John Lewis, and  reflect on his legacy.   It was a little over a year ago when John shared his final message to  the American people. He wrote, ``Democracy is not a state. It is an  act, and each generation must do its part to help build what we called  the Beloved Community, a nation and world society at peace with  itself.''   John devoted his entire life to building that ``Beloved Community.''  And in  [[Page S5003]]  his final moments, he called on all of us to carry that mission  forward. He told us it is now ``your turn to let freedom ring.''   We have an obligation to live up to John Lewis's legacy--and his call  to action to protect our most fundamental freedom of all: the right to  vote. And we can do that by restoring and revitalizing the Voting  Rights Act of 1965.   When President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law, it  marked the beginning of a new era of American democracy. It ensured  that our constitutional rights were not merely sketched onto a piece of  paper, but enforced as well. It ensured that poll taxes, literacy  tests, and other Jim Crow laws could no longer be used to deny Black,  Brown, and indigenous voters access to the ballot box. In the words of  John Lewis, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 ``helped liberate not just a  people but a nation.'' It brought America closer to our foundational  ideals.   But today, this monument to American freedom is under attack. At this  very moment, Republican State officials are working to pass laws that  make it harder for people, particularly racial and ethnic minorities,  to vote.   Nearly 400 of these bills have been introduced in 48 States. Some of  these laws set new limits on voting by mail, others cut hours for  polling locations, but the hundreds of restrictive voting provisions we  have seen in recent years have achieved the same outcome: erecting new  barriers to the ballot box.   The proponents of these laws claim they are designed to help prevent  so-called voter fraud. But the truth is, ``voter fraud'' is nothing  more than a fabricated phenomenon. Nearly every investigation into the  2020 election, for instance, has found no meaningful evidence of voter  fraud. The Department of Homeland Security called last year's election  ``the most secure in American history.'' And more than 80 judges,  including many conservative judges appointed by President Trump  himself, have thrown out baseless challenges brought by the former  President's lawyers.   But even though the ``Big Lie'' of widespread voter fraud has been  debunked, many Republican lawmakers are still standing by it. In fact,  they are using the Big Lie to wage an assault on voting rights in  America. You see, the laws I mentioned really aren't about securing our  elections; they are about preventing eligible Americans from voting.   Under section 5 of the original Voting Rights Act, many of these  efforts to suppress voters would have been prohibited by the Department  of Justice or Federal courts. But that authority has been greatly  diminished. In 2013, the conservative majority on the Supreme Court  essentially nullified section 5 of the Voting Rights Act with its  decision in Shelby County v. Holder. And just this month, the Supreme  Court weakened a remaining key section of the Voting Rights Act-- section 2--with its decision in Brnovich v. Democratic National  Committee.   This is the trend that has emerged over the past decade: State  officials make it harder for Black, Brown, and indigenous Americans to  vote, and the conservative majority on the Supreme Court upholds those  laws by whittling away at the protections guaranteed under the Voting  Rights Act of 1965.   In her dissent to the Court's ruling in Brnovich, Supreme Court  Justice Elena Kagan wrote ``in the last decade, this court has treated  no statute worse'' than the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Those are  unequivocal words. The Supreme Court has severely hobbled the Voting  Rights Act of 1965. And only Congress has the power--and the  constitutional obligation--to restore it to its full potential.   You know, it really wasn't that long ago that reauthorizing the  Voting Rights Act was a unifying cause. Just a few years before the  Supreme Court's Shelby decision, the minority leader, Senator  McConnell, joined his Republican colleagues in supporting its  reauthorization. In expressing his support he said, ``This is a piece  of legislation which has worked.''   To him, and to all of my Republican colleagues, I say: Let's make  sure it can keep working. Let's honor John Lewis's legacy by joining  together, on a bipartisan basis, to support a piece of legislation that  will revitalize and strengthen the original Voting Rights Act: the John  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.   I am proud to be working with Senator Leahy and our counterparts on  the House Judiciary Committee to update and reintroduce this bill soon.  Last Congress, it received bipartisan support, and we hope that we will  be able to expand that support this year. What remains to be seen is  whether the bill will receive the votes necessary to overcome a  potential filibuster.   For those of my Republican colleagues who have yet to decide where  they stand on the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, let's show  the American people that we can stand together. This Senate has the  power--and the responsibility--to protect our most fundamental right as  Americans.   Let's heed John Lewis's call and defend it together.   