 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from behind screens  and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in defense of the Second Amendment and  in opposition to H.R. 8, the universal background checks act.   Federal law already restricts transferring firearms to prohibited  individuals. Instead of working to strengthen the enforcement of laws  currently on the books, this legislation will criminalize many  activities that are common practice among law-abiding gun owners, while  failing to prevent guns from getting into the hands of criminals.   Criminals do not follow the law when obtaining their firearms, and  nothing in the bill would prevent them from continuing to obtain  firearms through avenues like the black market, theft, or illegal straw  purchases.   Federal law already strictly prohibits the possession, receipt, or  purchase of firearms by prohibited individuals, including convicted  felons, fugitives from justice, unlawful users of controlled  substances, illegal aliens, and individuals subject to protective  orders or convicted of a crime of domestic violence.   Meanwhile, law-abiding citizens could face up to a year in prison and  a $100,000 fine for common practices such as trades, private sales,  gifts, or temporary loans of firearms if this bill becomes law.  [[Page H1185]]    Lastly, I will note that under the rules of interpretation in H.R. 8,  it says: ``Rules of interpretation. Nothing in this act, or any  amendment made by this act, shall be construed to: authorize the  establishment, directly or indirectly, of a national firearms  registry.''   That is false. This bill will create a national registry. That is  because every firearms transfer has to go through a Federal firearms  licensee's acquisition and disposition logbook. And every time a  Federal firearms license is not renewed, those records must be sent to  the ATF for storage, which, in turn, scans those records into a  database for a future use. That is, in effect, a national firearms  registry in the making.   If the rules of interpretation of H.R. 8 are correctly followed, then  one could logically argue that this bill actually prohibits itself by,  in its own words, prohibiting, directly or indirectly, a national  firearms registry.   