 Mr. President, after Watergate, Congress passed the  Inspector General Act, creating independent watchdogs who would ensure  integrity, transparency, and accountability for executive branch  Agencies and officials.   Since then, inspectors general have played a vital role in exposing  misconduct by administrations of both political parties. Over the  years, IGs have proven indispensable--so much so that Congress has  repeatedly expanded their ranks--originally 12 after the 1978 Inspector  General Act, to now 74 separate, independent inspectors general in the  Federal Government.   In 1988, Congress created several new inspectors general, including  an inspector general for the Department of Justice. The IG oversees  Justice Department components ranging from the FBI to the Federal  Bureau of Prisons and the Drug Enforcement Administration.   But there is a problem. There is a loophole. There is one clear  omission when it comes to the authority of the inspector general.  Listen. The Justice Department inspector general cannot investigate  professional misconduct by Justice Department lawyers. Let me repeat  that. The Justice Department inspector general cannot investigate  misconduct by Justice Department lawyers.   This means the Department's independent inspector general cannot  investigate allegations of misconduct by lawyers in the Department's  National Security Division, Criminal Division, 93 offices of U.S.  attorneys, or even the Attorney General himself.   Well, what does this result in?   All too often, Justice Department officials from the administrations  of both political parties have escaped independent scrutiny by the  inspector general.   The IG was unable to investigate, for example, discovery violations  during the prosecution of our former colleague Ted Stevens. The  inspector general was unable to investigate the unethical non- prosecution agreement with sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. And absent  approval by the Attorney General or his deputy, the inspector general  cannot investigate professional misconduct by high-ranking Department  of Justice political appointees.   This lawyer loophole, of all places, is unique to the Justice  Department. The Department of Justice--I want this clear for the  record--is the only, only, Agency in the Federal Government whose  inspector general cannot investigate professional misconduct by Agency  lawyers. I hope that is clear.   Inspectors general investigate the activity and conduct of lawyers in  every other Federal Agency other than the Department of Justice.  Instead, DOJ lawyers get special treatment. They aren't subject to the  inspector general like every other Federal agency. Instead, they are  under the supervision of the Department's Office of Professional  Responsibility, known as OPR.   Now, I don't dispute the skill or dedication of OPR. The problem is  not their qualifications; it is their independence.   Listen to this. Unlike the inspector general, OPR reports to the  Attorney General, who can control and even terminate investigations.  This doesn't happen in any other Federal Agency. This creates an unfair  double standard where every other DOJ employee is subject to inspector  general scrutiny.   So if you are an FBI agent, the inspector general is going to be  watching your conduct to make sure it is proper. Drug enforcement  agents in the Department of Justice, subject to the inspector general;  U.S. marshals, subject to the inspector general; Federal prison guards,  inspector general. They can all be investigated by the independent  inspector general, except for the lawyers. And it enables the  appearance, if not the reality, of politicization in cases where the  alleged misconduct involves high-ranking Department attorneys.   For years, literally decades across administrations, other Senators  before us and Senator Lee and myself now have worked to close the  lawyer loophole with our Inspector General Access Act. He advocated for  this bill when Bill Barr was the Attorney General of President Trump. I  am advocating for this bill when Merrick Garland is the Attorney  General of President Biden.   You would be hard pressed to find a bill with broader-based  bipartisan support. Our original cosponsors include--and he is here  today on the floor--my colleague Senator Grassley, the ranking member  of the Judiciary Committee; Senators Leahy, Feinstein, Rubio,  Klobuchar, Cruz, Coons, Blackburn, Blumenthal, and Hirono, to name a  few.   Last year, we considered this bill in the Judiciary Committee and we  reported it out of the committee after a debate, and the vote was 21 to  1 to bring this bill to the floor. Unfortunately, it didn't pass last  year. It passed the House. It passed again this year in the House.   This broad support reflects a basic principle: No Attorney General  from either political party should be insulated from independent  scrutiny by the inspector general; and no Attorney General should have  veto power over the inspector general's authority to investigate  Department of Justice attorneys, whether that Attorney General is a  Democrat or a Republican.   Mr. President, I would like at this point to yield to my colleague  Senator Lee.    I thank the Senator from Utah for his cosponsorship of  this bipartisan measure.   I want to yield at this point to the ranking Republican member of the  Senate Judiciary Committee. I can't think of a single Member on either  side of the aisle who has been as outspoken as Senator Grassley of Iowa  on the role and the importance of inspectors general.   I yield the floor to Senator Grassley.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Iowa for his  spirited support of this effort. I am glad he used that classic  example. Of all the hearings--and we have had many good ones and many  important ones--in the Senate Judiciary Committee this year. The one we  all remember is when the gymnasts came, the Olympic gymnasts came.  These wonderful, young women came before us and summoned the courage to  tell us about the abuse that took place by a man who purported to be a  doctor, Larry Nassar.   Sitting next to them during the entire presentation was the head of  the FBI, taking the medicine he should have taken, because the  inspector general gave us a graphic report of how the agents at the  Federal Bureau of Investigation let those young women down. When they  summoned the courage to come forward and tell the world what had  happened to them, it was virtually ignored by the Federal Bureau of  Investigation. Thank goodness the inspector general was there to be  critical, to produce the evidence, and to make it clear to the American  people that this conduct was disgusting and deplorable and  unacceptable.   The inspector general was critical for the administration of justice.  Why is it any different if, instead of an attorney who works for the  Federal Bureau of Investigation, we are talking about an attorney who  works in a U.S. Attorney's Office somewhere in the United States or in  the Department of Justice itself? It shouldn't make a difference.   As Senator Grassley and Senator Lee have made clear, all we are  asking for is the same level of accountability for attorneys in the  Department of Justice that applies to every other Federal Agency. Why  are we treating these attorneys any differently?   Senator Grassley makes the point--we are succumbing to bureaucratic  deference at a time when we ought to have our eyes wide open, and wide  open, we would see that this bill, which was extensively debated and  discussed last year and reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee  under the chairmanship of Senator Graham by a vote of 21 to 1, wasn't  called on the calendar. We are bringing it back this year in the same  manner. The bill has not changed. We are bringing it back this year,  and I believe now is the time for us to do what is right for the cause  of justice.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 426 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon table.    I am disappointed by the objection by the Senator from  Arkansas.   This has overwhelmingly bipartisan support in the House and in the  Senate, and we had an opportunity to make history today and we missed  that opportunity for the moment.   The suggestion that inspectors general are not up to the job of  inspecting attorneys, I am afraid if you look at the fact that every  other Federal Agency's lawyers are subject to review and scrutiny by  the inspector general of their departments, it certainly says that  particular observation is not accurate.   The argument that the Attorney General, because he is approved by the  President directly and by Congress, should be the person to make this  decision overlooks the obvious. Each inspector general goes through the  approval process, the nomination process, and advise and consent of the  Senate. So they are subject to the same level of scrutiny.   I might also add that what we are suggesting has been an evolution  that I think really calls for this change that we have asked for in  this measure. In the course of that evolution, in the year 2002, the  inspector general's responsibilities were extended within the  Department of Justice to apply to both the FBI and DEA agents who are  involved, obviously, in significant law enforcement operations within  the Department. The inspector general has handled that responsibility  without jeopardizing any prosecutions. So I think that argument is  certainly a weak argument when you look at the facts since 2002.   We will return with this. I am glad to have bipartisan support of  Senators Lee and Grassley, who will have more to say on the subject.   I believe if we are going to apply this standard of IG responsibility  for lawyers' activity across Federal Government, there is no reason to  make an exception for the Department of Justice.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Maine (Mr. King) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Maine (Mr. King) and the  Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Maine (Mr. King) and the  Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.   