 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week our Democratic colleagues are  striving to break Congress's perfect record of bipartisan pandemic  relief. Last year, five relief packages were signed into law, each with  overwhelming bipartisan support. No bill received fewer than 90 votes  here in the Senate, and 1 even passed unanimously. The reason why these  bills received such broad support is because they address the crisis at  hand in a targeted manner; no controversial provisions or unrelated  partisan priorities, just clear-cut relief for the American people.   As I said, the perfect record of commonsense, bipartisan relief  packages will apparently end this week.   The bill our Democratic colleagues are preparing to bring to the  Senate floor has been drafted by only one party. As you can imagine,  that process lends itself to a sort of partisan Christmas tree  decorating. Democrats have taken the framework of the COVID relief bill  and added a range of liberal priorities that have absolutely nothing to  do with COVID-19: a Silicon Valley subway system, a blank check for  mismanaged union pension plans, a bridge from New York to Canada, and  funding for climate justice.   It is no surprise that this bill passed the House on a strict party- line vote. But the COVID-19 relief label isn't fooling anybody. This is  a partisan wish list that does more to advance a political agenda than  to respond to the legitimate public health and economic needs of our  country. That is why our Democratic colleagues have chosen to abuse the  budget reconciliation process in order to make a law.   Based on the pricetag of this bill, you would think it was March 2020  all over again. Despite the fact that we have made serious headway in  vaccinations, our economy is recovering by leaps and bounds, and all  signs show we are moving toward that light at the end of the tunnel,  our Democratic colleagues are prepared to spend another $1.9 trillion  of borrowed money. That is about half as much as all previous bills  combined.   What is even more concerning than the cost is how the money is going  to be spent. One great example is funding for education. So far,  Congress has provided more than $110 billion for K-12 education,  including $68 billion in the relief bill that was signed into law in  December, just a couple of months ago. Schools in Texas have used this  money to update air filtration systems, purchase personal protective  equipment,  [[Page S971]]  and implement regular disinfecting so students and teachers can safely  return to the classroom. After all, we know in-person instruction is  best for our children.   I have had sections of my State where at least a third of the lower  income students don't have dependable access to broadband, much less  the kind of supervision that they would need in order to continue their  learning. Study after study has shown that kids have fallen behind  while learning virtually, especially in foundational subjects like math  and reading.   The learning deficit is even greater for students of color and those  in high-poverty communities. One study found that, for math, White  students began the school year about 1 to 3 months behind in learning  while students of color were more likely to be 3 to 5 months behind.  And the impact on our students isn't purely academic. As we know, there  are serious mental, social, and emotional tolls to be paid as well.   We need our schools to open, and, of course, we need to do so safely.  The experts tell us that not only is that possible, but it has already  been done in States across the country. The Centers for Disease Control  published a report in January that found: ``There has been little  evidence that schools have contributed meaningfully to increased  community transmission.'' The lead author of that report affirmed that  even in places with high infection rates, there is no evidence that  schools will transmit the virus at a higher rate than the general  community. In short, schools are not a breeding ground for COVID-19 as  long as appropriate precautions are taken, and they can reopen safely.   The good news is there is already plenty of funding to make that  happen. In December, the Centers for Disease Control estimated schools  would need about $22 billion to open safely. As of February 9, of the  $68 billion that was provided for K-12 schools in the combined relief  packages, only about $5 billion has been spent. So $68 billion has been  provided, and only $5 billion has been spent.   Despite clear evidence that, one, kids are struggling with virtual  learning; two, schools can safely reopen with the right precautions;  and, three, that there is plenty of funding to help schools implement  these measures, our Democratic colleagues are prepared to spend another  $130 billion for K-12 education without any sort of incentive or  requirement for children to return safely to the classroom.   Sadly, many of our schoolchildren are coming up on the 1-year  anniversary of their virtual learning. Unfortunately, there seems to be  very little momentum for letting those students return to the  classroom, and, unfortunately, by default, they are falling further  behind.   Since most of the existing funds remain to be spent, the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office estimates that the bulk of spending of this  new proposed funding would occur next year and beyond. In other words,  this isn't an emergency relief bill designed to deal with the present  need; this is about spending money in 2021, after which, hopefully,  virtually everybody in the United States is vaccinated and we have  established herd immunity.   Only $6.4 billion would be distributed through September of this  year, and the remaining $122 billion would trickle out the door through  not just 2021 but through 2028. That is, the majority of the education  funding in the so-called and misnamed COVID-19 relief bill wouldn't  even be touched until the pandemic has been put in the rearview mirror.   Now, I have advocated for funding to help schools prepare for a safe  return to the classroom, and, of course, the experts, as I said, have  told us that more than enough funding is already available to make that  happen. So I ask: What is the rationale for asking the taxpayers to  foot another $130 billion bill if there is no need for that funding in  the first place? And I would add to that, this is not money that  actually exists. This will be money borrowed from future generations  that is added to the deficit and to our debt. There is certainly no  excuse to ram this and a range of other partisan priorities through  Congress without the support of a single Republican.   It was January 20 when I thought that President Biden gave a very  eloquent and appropriate speech at his inauguration, talking about the  need for the Nation to heal, for the divisions to heal, and for unity,  but doing this partisan reconciliation bill when there is no  demonstrated need for this deficit spending is not healing the  divisions in our country or promoting unity.   Saturday will mark 1 year since the first COVID-19 response bill was  signed into law. Since then we have, tragically, lost more than a half  million Americans; families have struggled with job losses; small  businesses have closed their doors; and children have fallen further  and further behind.   The list of hardships endured over the past year is long indeed, but  now our colleagues across the aisle are trying to capitalize on that  pain by passing the so-called and misnamed COVID-19 relief bill that  does more to advance partisan goals than to bring an end to this  national nightmare. It does nothing to get our kids back in school or  our American workers back on the job.   It doles out taxpayer dollars for favored infrastructure projects-- these are colloquially called earmarks--like the bridge in the majority  leader's home State of New York and a subway system in the Speaker's  home State of California. What do those have to do with COVID-19? Where  is the emergency there? Why should we borrow money from future  generations to fund these infrastructure projects that have nothing to  do with the pandemic?   We can deal with infrastructure, and we should, going forward, but  opportunistically exploiting the public's concern about COVID-19 in  order to fund these infrastructure projects in New York and California  is simply inexcusable.   (Mr. LUJAN assumed the Chair.)   Only 1 percent of the funding in this massive $1.9 trillion bill goes  toward vaccination efforts. We all understand that vaccinating the  American people is the key for ending this crisis. So far--and I am  sure I am a day or so behind--a couple of days ago, we vaccinated 68  million people--68 million vaccinations, perhaps. Some of them involved  two shots. And we are vaccinating people at the rate of 3 million shots  a day. That is really, really encouraging. But only 1 percent of the  funding in this $1.9 trillion bill goes toward that eventual key to  unlocking the future.   As I said, every penny that is spent on pandemic response is borrowed  from our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren. Somebody is going  to have to pay the money back--not us, not now, apparently. We are  going to borrow the money, add to deficits and debt.   As Larry Summers and others have said, we are even risking inflation  by throwing so much money into the economy so quickly, at a time when  it is growing at more than 4 percent a year. And we are not, if this  effort is successful, spending this money responsibly. Being  responsible means doing what is needed--no more, no less--to bring this  pandemic to an end and get this country back on its feet.   I think this bill is a shameful waste of taxpayer dollars. And it is  outrageous that it is entitled the COVID-19 relief bill when so little  of this bill actually deals with the pandemic. As we say, where I come  from, if you put lipstick on a pig, it is still a pig.   