 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the United States attracts and develops some of the  brightest minds in the world. They can fortify national security and  boost economic competitiveness. Unfortunately, much of that talent  leaves because there are few options to remain.   My amendment provides a pathway to citizenship for the best foreign  talent to work in the U.S. in support of our National Security  Innovation Base. Great power competition is a race for talent to  maintain our military and technological superiority. We want the  brightest minds in the world working for us, not the Chinese Communist  Party.   The U.S. has less than 5 percent of world's population, so it is no  surprise that many great scientific minds are born outside U.S.  borders. So then how have we maintained our technological superiority  over the last 70 years, by way of example?   Well, our world-class universities and innovative private sector  attract future Nobel laureates in critical technologies like machine  learning and artificial intelligence. However, our constricted pathways  to residency and citizenship drive this talent into the arms of our  adversaries; so we face intense competition from other countries who  offer large research grants and expedited citizenship to lure this  talent away.   But it is not just potential adversaries. Some U.S. companies are  setting up R&D facilities in Canada because their immigration policies  more effectively attract highly-skilled workers.   Under this amendment, the Secretary of Defense will implement a  competitive annual process to select scientists with technical  expertise in critical technologies and recommend them for proper  processing and vetting. It is in our national security interests not  only to have these scientists working on research on our behalf, but  also to prevent this talent from working for our adversaries.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers so I am  prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, let me just say that when the Secretary of  Defense deems it vital to the national security interests of the United  States, this would give that authority to grant this special pathway to  the Secretary to make that determination.   A special immigrant visa, by the way, to streamline the admission of  applicants in the name of national security is not new. My amendment is  modeled after a 1949 law granting the Director of the CIA the authority  to obtain permanent residency for anyone deemed ``in the interest of  national security or essential to the furtherance of national  intelligence missions.''   Today, the Secretary of Defense has no mechanism for retaining top  technical and scientific talent who are vital to national security.   Unsurprisingly, the Department of Defense explicitly endorses the  amendment. So, again, my amendment is not new or groundbreaking to the  immigration conversation. In fact, again, it provides the Secretary of  Defense with the same authority that the Director of the CIA has  enjoyed since 1949.   This authority is not challenged as a less strident or reckless  method that our adversaries exploit because it does not circumvent the  current immigration process. All the Secretary of Defense innovation  referrals are subject to the same rigorous and extensive background  checks that any other applicant receives. I am confident that they will  properly vet these applicants as we will keep the best talent in the  world working on our behalf.   I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment to ensure our  continued military and technological superiority.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the en bloc package,  which contains amendment No. 384 to create four critical technology  security centers.   These centers would be created through competitive grants issued by  the Department of Homeland Security to universities or federally funded  research and development centers, including national laboratories.   Each center would have a different focus, with the first four  covering network technology, network industrial control systems, open  source software, and Federal critical software, respectively.   Each center would rigorously test the security of a set of  technologies developed with input from the Cybersecurity and  Infrastructure Security Agency, or CISA, the compromise of which would  represent the highest level of risk to our critical infrastructure.   With respect to those specific technologies, centers would evaluate  their overall security posture; develop new tools and capabilities for  vulnerability discovery, management, and mitigation; and support the  remediation of the vulnerabilities they find.   This is an important recommendation of the Cyberspace Solarium  Commission, and I thank my fellow Commissioner, Mr. Gallagher, for  cosponsoring this amendment. I also thank Chairman Thompson for his  support of the measure. I urge Members to support the en bloc package  and the underlying bill.   