 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 21, the FedRAMP Authorization  Act, introduced by my distinguished colleague and friend,  Representative Gerry Connolly.   Cybersecurity and technology modernization are both vital issues to  ensure this government runs efficiently and effectively. This is even  clearer in light of the unprecedented recent cyberattack that  compromised both the private and public sectors' critical information  systems. Congress must work to further the Federal Government's  cybersecurity while moving Federal agencies to more modern solutions,  which will help keep our public data safe and provide improved services  to our Nation's citizens.   The Federal Risk and Authorization Program, or FedRAMP, is the main  Federal program focused on helping agencies procure secure cloud  computing services. The FedRAMP provides a consistent process for  agencies to procure modern cloud systems in accordance with established  Federal cybersecurity standards. Recent Federal policies make the focus  on securing cloud services especially important.   With both the Cloud First initiative in 2011 and the Cloud Smart  initiative from President Trump's administration, the government  continues to focus on adopting modern, cost-effective cloud technology  solutions.   The Federal Government is plagued by reoccurring problems in  information technology, such as low asset utilization, duplicative  systems, and fragmented resources. Shifting to the cloud provides for  improved asset utilization, increased innovation, and more agile and  responsive technology capabilities. These improved efficiencies have  led to significant cost savings.   In fiscal year 2018, the government spent roughly $6.5 billion on  cloud computing, with 84 percent coming from FedRAMP authorized cloud  computing providers.   The centralized security authorization process offered by the FedRAMP  program has saved agencies over $250 million in cost avoidance,  according to the General Services Administration.   Recognizing these cost benefits, this legislation aims to increase  the Federal Government's use of the consistent, centrally managed cloud  computing security authorizations provided by the FedRAMP program.  Codifying this successful program into law is an important step towards  encouraging Federal agencies to take full advantage of this program and  all the security benefits that it offers.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my colleague, Representative Connolly,  for introducing this bill. I urge my colleagues to support the bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared to  close, and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, protecting our public's valuable information by  improving the  [[Page H62]]  Federal Government's cybersecurity and adopting modern technology  should be a top priority of Congress.   I look forward to working together on issues like this that are in  the best interest of the Nation. I strongly urge my colleagues to  support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 22, the Congressional Budget  Justification Transparency Act.   The Congressional Budget Justification Transparency Act is a long- overdue reform that would ensure Congress and the Nation's taxpayers  can understand the full scope and context of the annual Federal budget.   I thank my colleagues, Congressman   Mike Quigley and Ranking Member    James Comer, for working together on this important bipartisan  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 22 will truly open up the executive branch annual  budget request and provide needed transparency of each agency's  detailed budget justifications. The American public and each of their  congressional Representatives deserve full access to the annual agency  plans to spend their hard-earned tax dollars.   This past year alone, the Federal Government spent more than $6.5  trillion. Public spending transparency resources, like USAspending.gov,  are currently helping the public track ongoing agency spending  activity. However, the annual congressional budget justifications  provide detailed and plain language explanations of how each Federal  agency plans to spend congressional appropriations.   Currently, these valuable budget documents are sent directly to  congressional appropriators and are then posted across hundreds of  disconnected agency web pages. This makes them extremely hard to track  down.   H.R. 22 simply requires the budget justifications of every agency to  be made publicly available on a single website. To do this, the bill  requires the Office of Management and Budget to issue a full listing of  agency budget justifications and the individual agency web pages where  they are posted. This will assure the public that they have access to  the complete publication of these authoritative budget resources.   The bill also requires the U.S. Treasury Department to centrally  publish all the materials on USAspending.gov as open data.   As established in 2014 by the DATA Act, USAspending.gov is quickly  becoming the primary public resource for the public to track how the  government is using their tax dollars. Adding congressional budget  justifications to USAspending.gov will provide even better context to  agency spending activity.   Thanks to another House Committee on Oversight and Reform-produced  law, the 2018 Good Accounting Obligation in Government Act,  congressional budget justifications also now list unimplemented  inspector general audit and GAO report recommendations. This means H.R.  22 will also help Congress and the public annually track open IG and  GAO oversight recommendations.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. Quigley). I urge  my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am  prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly  urge my colleagues to support this commonsense transparency  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 23, the Inspector General  Protection Act. I want to thank Representatives Ted Lieu and Jody Hice  for working together on this legislation.   H.R. 23 will help Congress track Federal agency inspectors general  vacancies and make sure they are filled by the President in a timely  manner.   Inspectors general help combat Federal fraud, waste, and abuse and  improve the operations of the executive branch departments and  agencies. Inspectors general help Congress shine light on areas of the  government that need improvement and oversight. However, both  Republican and Democratic administrations have experienced numerous and  prolonged inspector general vacancies.   The Inspector General Protection Act would simply require the  President to notify Congress of any change to a current inspector  general's employment status. The bill would also require the President  to notify Congress if a nomination to replace an inspector general does  not take place within 210 days.   These provisions will improve congressional oversight of the  executive branch by providing transparency to the President's  inspectors general nominations.   Inspectors general are an indispensable resource to Congress and to  the American people, and Congress can reaffirm our responsibility to  combating government waste, fraud, and abuse by assuring consistent  Federal agency inspector general office leadership.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Jordan).    Mr. Speaker, I hope we can continue to find bipartisan  ways to build on similar good government reforms, such as this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 26, the Construction Consensus  Procurement Improvement Act of 2021. This bill would prohibit the  Federal Government's use of reverse auctions for complex design and  construction services. A reverse auction is one where the sellers bid  down the price instead of the buyers driving up the price. Most often,  the contractor with the lowest bid wins the contract. While we all wish  for the Federal Government to get the lowest price, it is important  that these complex projects are done properly, on time, and on budget.   Reverse auctions are not always appropriate for the types of services  this bill deals with because design-build or complex construction  projects often have variables which cannot be contemplated during the  original bidding process.   The use of reverse auctions can often result in products that are  subpar and, ultimately, over budget. Often, the winning low bid is  nowhere near the final cost to the government after unanticipated  factors lead to time and budget overruns.   Specifically, the Office of Federal Procurement Policy found that,  for complex design and construction contracts, the expertise required  to complete these projects was not built in to reverse auction bids.   Construction projects have a high degree of variability and the  reverse auction process often does not yield the low costs intended for  the taxpayer. This legislation is tailored to ensure that products and  services which do not benefit from the reverse auction process will not  be affected.   Going forward, we must continue to fight for the best possible  products at the best price to the taxpayer. That includes ensuring  benefits are brought to our constituents on time and on budget. This  legislation will help to achieve that.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative Ro Khanna, for his  work and support on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support  the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is a sensible and needed bipartisan reform. I am  hopeful to see similar bipartisan procurement reform bills this  Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 27, the Settlement Agreement  Information Database Act. Transparency and public participation are  vital to ensure the public's continued trust in our government.  Increasingly, Federal agencies are using legally binding settlement  agreements to resolve litigation without going through lengthy public  trials.   However, it is impossible for Congress and the public to determine  the comprehensive impact of these settlement agreements on the State  and local governments and private sector entities, which must continue  to follow the mandated requirements. Such secret negotiations and  agreements essentially prevent the public from participating in  important policy decisions.   The burden of Federal settlement agreements can be difficult to see  and understand, but State and local governments, industry stakeholders,  and taxpayers can be directly affected by the settlements for years,  and yet they are unable to provide input. This legislation seeks to  correct that problem.   The Settlement Agreement Information Database Act, or SAID Act,  requires Federal agencies to submit information regarding consent  decrees and settlement agreements to a public electronic database. This  public resource, to be overseen by the Office of Management and Budget,  would include dates, payments, attorney fees awards, and a list of  State and local governments and entities impacted by the settlement.   Currently, agencies release information about settlements at their  discretion and will only publicize the facts that reflect favorably  upon the agency. Furthermore, the terms of settlement agreements are  often deemed confidential.   Under the requirements of the SAID Act, if the agency believes that  the information regarding an agreement should remain confidential, the  agency head must publish an explanation of why it is confidential. This  will increase the transparency of the Federal Government and shine a  much-needed light on settlement agreements.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Representatives   Jim Cooper,  Gerry Connolly, and Van Taylor, for supporting this important  legislation. I am happy we could expedite its consideration again in  the House after passing this bill unanimously in the 116th Congress. I  thank the chairman for bringing this bill and making it part of this  first legislative day package.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I hope we can continue to find bipartisan  ways to increase transparency of the Federal Government. I strongly  urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   