 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 490, the Department of  Homeland Security MORALE Act of 2021.   This legislation, sponsored by Chairman Thompson, will empower the  Department's chief human capital officer to improve leadership  development, employee engagement, and morale at the Department, which  consistently ranks near the bottom of all Federal departments.   This bill will support the Department's most important asset, the  many dedicated security professionals that work diligently to better  protect our Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  H.R. 490, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, I urge  Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 473, the  Trusted Traveler Reconsideration and Restoration Act of 2021.   This bill, sponsored by Ranking Member   John Katko and cosponsored  by Chairwomen Watson Coleman and Slotkin, seeks to ensure the rights of  travelers who have erroneously had their trusted traveler status  revoked.   From the CBP's Global Entry and NEXUS to TSA's PreCheck programs, the  Department of Homeland Security's trusted traveler programs are  critical to the safe and secure free movement of people. However, there  are instances in which individuals are mistaken for people with the  same or similar name or who otherwise find themselves in a position  where they lose their trusted traveler status based on a database  error.   For those unfortunate persons, the process of getting their trusted  traveler status reinstated by DHS involves timely, cumbersome, and  confusing bureaucratic hurdles, often among several Federal agencies.  In these instances, travelers lose valuable time off of their trusted  traveler enrollment period, even though they spent hard-earned money to  apply.   H.R. 473 seeks to bring relief to the traveling public who are in  need of having their trusted traveler status reinstated. The bill  requires a comprehensive review by the Government Accountability Office  on the existing DHS processes related to trusted traveler programs and  how the Department can improve individuals' access to having their  trusted traveler status reinstated when it has been revoked in error.   Additionally, H.R. 473 directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to  extend an individual's enrollment in a trusted traveler program by a  period commensurate with the amount of time they lost in their  enrollment due to an error.   I thank Ranking Member Katko for his leadership on this bipartisan  bill, and I thank Chairman Thompson for his commitment to bringing it  to the floor today.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, I urge  Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 370, the Quadrennial Homeland  Security Review Technical Corrections Act. This legislation makes  important improvements to the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review.  [[Page H1901]]    This bill has strong bipartisan support from the committee.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill. I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H1902]]    I rise today in support of H.R. 367, the Homeland Security  Acquisition Professional Career Program Act. This legislation will help  create a pipeline for the Department of Homeland Security to better  recruit talented acquisition professionals.   This critical program is an important step to making DHS more agile  and efficient in its role of protecting our Nation.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 367.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 408, the Department of Homeland  Security Mentor-Protege Program Act of 2021. This legislation will help  the department better improve its contracting with small and  disadvantaged firms. In doing so, the department will become stronger  and more diverse.   I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 408. I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 397, the CBRN Intelligence and  Information Sharing Act of 2021.   We all know that terrorist groups have long sought to develop the  capability to attack our Nation with chemical, biological,  radiological, and nuclear materials. H.R. 397 would address this threat  by requiring the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, within the  Department of Homeland Security, to support the homeland security- focused analysis of terrorist capabilities related to chemical,  biological, radiological, and nuclear materials, as well as threats to  the homeland from global infectious diseases.   To improve coordination with local law enforcement, H.R. 397 requires  the Office of Intelligence and Analysis to share threat information not  only with Federal entities but also State, local, Tribal, and  territorial agencies.   I commend my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Gimenez), for  introducing this important legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 396, the Transit  Security Grant Program Flexibility Act.   Whether it is bus systems, ferries, or passenger rail, the Transit  Security Grant Program provides needed funds to transit agencies to  protect critical surface transportation infrastructure and the  traveling public from acts of terrorism.   Unfortunately, we have already witnessed multiple attacks across the  globe: the 2005 bombing of the Tube in London, the 2016 metro station  bombing in Brussels, and the 2017 New York Port Authority bombing.   With billions of riders using surface transportation annually, and  limited security screening, it should come as no surprise that surface  transportation has been and continues to be a terror target. As such,  we must ensure that first responders and transit agencies have the  tools needed to secure our transit system.   The Transit Security Grant Program Flexibility Act seeks to address  challenges associated with fluctuating periods of performance by  codifying the period of performance at 36 months for the majority of  eligible projects and extending it to 55 months for vital large-scale  capital security projects. This ensures that these major projects can  be successfully completed in the allotted time.   Additionally, while Transit Security Grant Program awards can be used  to provide personnel with essential security training, recipients of  awards are not currently permitted to use the grant program funds to  pay for backfilling personnel attending such training. This may, in  turn, inhibit some transit agencies from sending their staff to vital  security training.   H.R. 396 will permit Transit Security Grant Program funds to be used  for this purpose, consistent with other Homeland Security grant  programs.   Given the evolving threat landscape, and the continued calls from  extremist groups for lone-wolf attacks to target crowded areas, it is  imperative that the Transit Security Grant Program provide flexible  solutions for grant recipients in order to protect these soft targets  and keep everyday commuters safe.   I am proud to continue the great work of former New York Members Dan  Donovan and Peter King in introducing this important piece of  legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 396,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   