 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the  $1.9 trillion spending bill that is under consideration before this  Congress.   As President Biden has said repeatedly, if you want to know someone's  values, look at one's budget. Well, that is what we are doing, because  I believe that President Biden is right. If the American people want to  know the Democrats' values, all we need to do is look at the budget.  The Democrats are making clear what they stand for. It seems that they  are standing for teachers unions and job-crushing mandates on American  businesses. The Republicans stand for ending the pandemic, for getting  people back to work, and for getting kids back to school. The  differences could not be more clear.   The Senate has debated the Democratic budget--we did it a couple of  weeks ago--and we voted on many amendments. Every Senator had a chance  to propose and make some changes to the budget that was brought forth.  Every single Senator went on record on a number of amendments and items  related to the budget for the United States of America. Now we know  where we stand.   I introduced an amendment that had to do with energy production in my  home State of Wyoming. Wyoming feels like we are being targeted by  President Biden because of his ban on oil and gas exploration on public  lands. You know, those projects are a major source of jobs in my home  State. They fund our schools, our roads, our bridges, our teachers, our  students, and additional services for working families.   My amendment would provide funding for our public schools--schools  that have been punished by this ban announced by President Biden. That  amendment on this floor received 98 votes out of 100. It got the  support of every single Democrat in the U.S. Senate, so I am grateful  for my colleagues for that support of the amendment to protect our  students and our schools and our teachers. Yet I have to say that by  voting for my amendment, the 98 people in this body--specifically the  Democrats--are admitting that there is a problem created by the actions  of President Biden. They are admitting that President Biden's Executive  order, signed on the day he was inaugurated, is hurting families all  across the country.   So, to my Democratic colleagues, keep working with us to address the  needs of the Nation. Stand up to these overreaching, radical proposals  by the Biden administration. On issue after issue, that really has not  yet happened.   Many of my Republican colleagues, on this side of the aisle, offered  good ideas that the Democrats refused to support. Senator Blunt  introduced an amendment to reopen America's schools. Now, that is an  idea that science has supported for months. Every Republican voted yes.  Every Democrat voted no. I have yet to hear one of my Democratic  colleagues make the case for keeping the schools closed; yet that is  how they voted when it came to the budget. Just like President Biden,  they are trying to have it both ways. They say they want the schools  open; yet they don't do what needs to be done.   President Biden has claimed time and again he wants the schools open;  yet his Chief of Staff says there is no money to reopen them. Well,  that is absolutely wrong. Last year, President Trump signed into law  $68 billion for our schools, specifically tied to coronavirus relief.  Only $5 billion of that money has been spent. That leaves $63 billion  still available. In the Democrats' budget being proposed right now,  almost all of the money for schools is not even for this year. Ninety- five percent of the money is for the years 2022 through 2028--after the  coronavirus will be behind us.   The Democrats are still putting the teachers unions ahead of  students. Joe Biden has surrendered to the teachers unions. They have  written to him a ransom note, and he has been happy to pay it. Teachers  are putting politics ahead of science, and so is this administration.   I joined with Senator Scott of South Carolina to introduce another  amendment to the budget bill of the Democrats. It said that if we give  money to States--and there is a lot of money in this proposal to give  money to States: New York, Illinois, California--that the States have  to give the American people accurate data about the coronavirus and  specifically in their nursing homes. People want to know the answers  about the coronavirus and the impact on nursing homes because there is  a real problem there.   New York now admits that it gave the public false information. The  numbers were not just wrong; they were nearly off by half. The  Governor's top aide in New York said they were afraid of being  investigated by Bill Barr's Justice Department. They were afraid that  President Trump would make it a ``political football.''   Don't the people of New York have a right to know the truth about  what is happening in the nursing homes in that State when people are  losing parents and grandparents and when people with the coronavirus  are being moved from the hospital back into those nursing homes to  spread the disease to others?   The Governor of New York wanted to cover it up. People would agree it  sounds like a coverup, so Senator Scott and I came to the floor and  said that it was unacceptable, that States have to tell the truth.  Every Republican voted yes. Every single Democrat voted no. Every  Senate Democrat voted to protect Governor Cuomo instead of telling the  truth to the American people.   During the budget debate, there were some good ideas that some  Democrats supported. Yet, even then, in the wee hours of the morning, a  number of the Democrats who had voted for those amendments flip-flopped  on a later vote to head the other way. What they did is they had  another amendment to strip out the amendments that had been put on.   For example, Senator Young of Indiana had an amendment so that money  in the bill would go to American citizens, not to illegal immigrants.  Eight Democrats voted in agreement with that. They said you shouldn't  be sending checks to illegal immigrants. A few hours later, they voted  to strip it out. So every Democrat in the Senate is now on the record.  Every Democrat in the Senate has voted in favor of taking people's  hard-earned taxpayer dollars and giving it to people who are in the  country illegally.   Senator Daines brought up an amendment on a different topic. He said  we should proceed with the Keystone Pipeline. Remember, President  Biden, with an Executive order on the day he was inaugurated, stopped  work on the Keystone Pipeline, resulting in the loss of hundreds and  hundreds and likely thousands of jobs. Several Democrats voted and said  we should reopen the pipeline. Let it go. Let it work. A few hours  later, in the wee hours of the morning, they reversed themselves and  voted to strip it out.   Senator Braun of Indiana introduced an amendment to prevent President  Biden from banning fracking. Now, this  [[Page S805]]  is something that President Biden promised to do during the campaign.  Of course, that would end millions of jobs across America, and it would  put us at a disadvantage from the standpoint of energy. Seven Democrats  voted with Senator Braun to protect American jobs. Hours later, they  flip-flopped and took it out of the bill.    The Democrats keep trying to have it both ways. They want to look  like moderates, pretend to be moderates, while still getting their  leftwing spending bill through. They are not playing it straight with  the American people. It is not going to work. The people in their  States aren't going to be fooled. They are going to remember the votes,  and they will certainly be reminded of those votes in the future.   So we have talked about what the Senate Democrats blocked. Now let's  take a look at some of the things the Senate Democrats support.   The bill includes a mandate from Washington, DC, to double the  minimum wage. It has nothing to do with the coronavirus. In fact, it  would actually make things worse. The Congressional Budget Office took  a look at this as to what the impact would be on the economy, and it  said that 1.4 million people who have jobs right now would lose their  jobs if the Federal Government were to come in with a mandate to double  the minimum wage. It is not a stimulus.   According to one report, the new Washington mandate would also raise  the cost of childcare by about 21 percent. How is that going to work  for hard-working families who are trying to get back to work with the  coronavirus and need daycare for their children? With schools closed in  so many locations across the country, that is the last thing that  working families need--an increase in the cost of providing care for  their children.   The big Democratic spending bill also includes a $350 billion bailout  for States and local governments. The money is especially targeted to  States that have stayed closed the longest. This is money rewarding big  cities and States like California and New York and Illinois that have  had financial trouble due to financial mismanagement for many, many  years. It has nothing to do with the coronavirus. Those States were in  trouble long before the coronavirus made it to our shores.   Multiple studies show that State tax revenues are actually up in many  States across the country. In some States, they fell, but on average,  States are continuing to do quite well. Most States are expecting more  tax revenues this year than they had before the pandemic. If a State  needs a bailout, it is not because of the coronavirus; it is because of  years and years of mismanagement, and this bill rewards mismanagement.   Those are the priorities of the Senate Democrats, not jobs and not  opening our schools. The priorities are mandates and bailouts.   Only about $1 of every $20 in this entire proposal goes for public  health, but it does contain $4.5 billion for Senator Schumer's New York  City Subway system. It does provide $112 million for a subway system in  Silicon Valley. It does provide $270 million in funding for the arts  and humanities and $12 billion in foreign aid. This is supposed to be  for the coronavirus in America, here.   So what does $1.9 trillion get for you? I am asked at home in  Wyoming. What does it do for people at home--yes, the American  taxpayer? Not much when you look at this Democratic shopping list. It  is a wish list of liberal priorities.   As President Biden says, if you want to know somebody's values, look  at one's budget. We have just done that. If the American people want to  see the contrast between Republicans and Democrats, they should look no  further than this bill. The Republicans are offering the American  people jobs, a vaccine, and opening our schools. The Democrats are  offering excuses and the liberal wish list.   We still have time to fix the final bill, so I would urge my  Democratic colleagues to join with us. Work with the Republicans for  real coronavirus relief. Help our small communities and small  businesses keep their doors open. Get our kids back in school. Target  the funding to the American citizens who need it the most. We have done  five bipartisan coronavirus bills. A sixth coronavirus relief bill  should be done in a bipartisan way as well. That is what the American  people, with a 50-50 Senate, are asking us to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   