 Mr. President, reserving the right to object. I  understand that multiple of my colleagues have objections to all of the  nominees that the Senator from New Jersey is going to offer this  evening. So I will be here to object on their behalf and also on my own  behalf with regard to a few of them.   Mr. President, I want to address one of those nominees, Julianne  Smith, the President's nominee to be United States Ambassador to NATO.  This is a nominee to whom I object myself, and I want to explain why,  briefly.   Before I do that, however, I just have to make one comment on the  Senate majority leader's remarks about his own inability to get these  nominees confirmed.   Now, I agree that many of these nominees are important, and that is,  in fact, one of the reasons we should have a vote on them. The  Ambassador to NATO, for instance, as I am about to argue, is a very  important position. And the positions that she takes, the arguments  that she makes are very important, which is why we ought to go on the  record and actually have a vote.   But the Senate majority leader's comments--as if he has no control  over the calendar. He is the majority leader of the United States  Senate. He decides when we vote. He decides what we vote on.   What are we doing now?   The floor is empty. We could be voting.   What are we doing later this week?   He is gavelling us out of session so that Members across the aisle  can go on a field trip to Glasgow, Scotland.   We could be voting.   It is getting a little rich to hear the Senate majority leader, who  is doing almost nothing--have we brought up the defense bill?   No action. Multiple major issues--no action from the Senate majority  leader.   If these nominees are so critical, he ought to be putting them on the  floor for votes. He doesn't want to do that because, apparently, he  can't control the floor or he just doesn't want to work for very long  or he doesn't want to work very hard. I mean, I leave that to him. But  it is quite ridiculous for the majority leader to blame Republicans,  who cannot prevent votes.   Can I just be clear? Republicans do not have the ability to prevent  votes on any of these nominees. The filibuster for these nominees  doesn't exist.   We can vote whenever the majority leader wants. It is his decision  when to bring them to the floor.   Now I want to comment on one just briefly. On Julianne Smith--one  nominee tonight to whom I object--this is the President's nominee, as I  said a moment ago, to be the next United States Ambassador to NATO.   I think the Senator from New Jersey and I can agree that this is a  very important position. I am sure the Senator believes that, and I  agree with him 100 percent. And I just want to take a minute and say  why I think it is important and why we need to vote--actually vote--on  her nomination.   A decade ago almost, 2014, after the Russian invasion--incursion into  Ukraine, NATO allies finally recognized that they were not spending  enough--our NATO allies--on their own defense and on our common  defense. So they pledged as a group to commit at least 2 percent of  their respective GDPs to their own defense and to meet that target by  2024. So far, large numbers of them are not on track to do so.  [[Page S7593]]    In fact, Ms. Smith said, in response to my own questions about this,  that it is clear that a group of allies will fail to deliver on this  pledge by 2024; and, currently, another group are not close to meeting  it, although they say they hope to make up the difference.   Here is my point: The security situation has not improved since 2014.  It has deteriorated. Russia, as we speak, is still menacing Ukraine.  And now China is menacing Taiwan.   The United States is already facing hard choices, and we are going to  face harder choices yet about how we allocate our defense resources,  which are scarce; how we allocate our force posture, how we structure  our force posture in a world that is growing more dangerous. And the  China threat, in particular, is one that is going to make us make  difficult choices in what we prioritize in the Asia-Pacific versus what  we prioritize in Europe.   The bottom line is we need our allies to meet not only their 2- percent commitment, but we need them to do more in Europe for their own  defense because we must focus on the deteriorating security situation  in the Indo-Pacific and in the Asia-Pacific with regard to China and  its imperial ambitions in Taiwan.   I asked Ms. Smith for her commitment that she will press our NATO  allies not only to meet their 2-percent commitment, but to revise that  commitment so that we can have a truly common defense in this era of  multiplying challenges and deteriorating security. She has refused,  unfortunately, to give me that commitment.   I can't block her nomination, but I can ask that we take a vote on  it. And so for that reason, in a moment here, when Senator Menendez  brings her nomination to the floor, I will object and ask for a vote on  her, in particular; and I will, as I said, object to others on behalf  of my colleagues. With those comments, on behalf of my colleagues and  myself, I object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues and myself, I  object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues, I object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues and myself, I  object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues and myself, I  object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues, I object.    Mr. President, on behalf of my colleagues, I object.   