 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last Thursday night, I was able to  return home to Texas, and on Friday, I went to the southern border.  Texas has 100 miles of common border with Mexico, and, obviously, we  are at ground zero whenever there is a border crisis.   I was glad to be joined by my friend Congressman Henry Cuellar, who  has been a partner of mine on bipartisan, bicameral border security and  immigration reform legislation in the past, and we were also joined by  Congressman   Michael Burgess, our friend from North Texas.   We visited a holding facility in Carrizo Springs, which houses young  boys, ages 13 through 17, who were apprehended along the border. We  were able to see the facility, which includes medical care, classroom  space, dining facilities, and legal services for these young men. And  we heard from the Health and Human Services workers who are doing  everything they can to care for these children, despite being  completely overwhelmed.   When we visited, there were 679 children between the ages of 13 and  17, but the facility is expected to reach capacity by today. This is no  accident that we are seeing waves of unaccompanied minors coming across  the border because the human smugglers and the drug traffickers  understand our laws perhaps better than we do. And they know that if  you are able to flood the zone with unaccompanied children, the Border  Patrol are going to be distracted and diverted from their border  security mission to take care of these children and to make sure that  they are safe.   In the meantime, the drug smugglers exploit those gaps left when the  Border Patrol leaves the frontlines to handle and process these  unaccompanied children. Last year, more than 80,000 Americans died of  drug overdoses in this country, and, unfortunately, a significant  percentage of that involves the methamphetamine, the fentanyl, the  heroin, and the cocaine that comes up through the southern border in  the hands of the same criminal organizations that move people, traffic  in human beings, and, again, smuggle drugs.   In the 2 months since President Biden took office, the situation  along the border has come to rival the largest surges that we have seen  in previous years. We remember the border crisis of 2014, when an  alarming number of unaccompanied children and families came across the  southern border and completely overwhelmed the system. That summer, the  situation was so dire that President Obama called it a humanitarian  crisis.   Then came the surge in 2019. That May, Customs and Border Protection  reported a recordbreaking 144,000 encounters with migrants along the  southwest border, more than double the amount we experienced during the  2014 humanitarian crisis.   So if 2014 was a humanitarian crisis, 2019 was a humanitarian crisis  on steroids. And I am afraid the current situation is going to get  nothing but worse and perhaps outpace even the humanitarian crisis on  steroids that we saw in 2019.   What makes this even more complicated is, while this isn't the first  surge of migrants we have seen across the border, it is the first time  we have seen it during a COVID-19 pandemic. And based on the current  trend, this one is shaping up to be far worse than anything we have  experienced in the past.   Last month, Customs and Border Protection encountered more than  100,000 individuals coming across the border, the highest number since  2006. Out of those 100,000 individuals last month, it included 9,000  unaccompanied children and 19,000 migrants coming across as families;  that is, some combination of a mother and father and minor children.   Based on the sheer numbers, this is a problem. It is overwhelming the  capacity--physical capacity--to house and to take care of these  children and to make sure that these individuals are  processed according to the law. Border Patrol and Health and Human  Services and our immigration courts do not have the capacity to manage  an influx this large.    And when you add the operational challenges and risks associated with  the COVID-19 pandemic, it becomes even more difficult to house and care  for these migrants, especially the children.   The facilities like Carrizo Springs were previously at a 40-percent  capacity to allow for social distancing--something we have heard a lot  about in the last year--but the number of unaccompanied children has  climbed so high that the Biden administration is now allowing those  facilities to operate at 100-percent capacity, despite the obvious risk  of spreading COVID-19 because of a failure or inability to socially  distance.   At one point last week, there were more than 3,700 children in the  custody of the Border Patrol. By comparison, there were about 2,600  children in custody at the peak of the 2019 crisis. So the numbers are  significantly higher.   Reports over the weekend show that the number has increased to more  than 4,200, with nearly 3,000 held beyond the 72-hour legal limit  imposed by a court settlement.   While these migrant children are without a doubt the biggest victims  of this crisis, there are cascading consequences. In Brownsville alone,  more than 200 migrants were released from the Border Patrol's custody,  having tested positive for COVID-19--200 positive for COVID-19, ushered  into the country.   So despite the obvious health risks, many of these individuals  continued their travels to their ultimate destinations, both within and  outside the State of Texas. Some traveled, we know, as far north as  Maryland, North Carolina, and New Jersey. And this rapid-pace catch- and-release practice places a serious strain on the resources of our  border communities.   During the deadly winter storm last month, the mayor of Del Rio  pleaded for the administration to stop releasing migrants into the city  and surrounding area. The city's capacities were already stretched  thin. The mayor, Bruno Lozano, said: ``We will be forced to make a  decision to leave them without resources under these dire  circumstances.''   When the President's Chief of Staff was asked recently about the  border crisis in a recent interview, he said: ``We inherited a real  mess.''   Well, that is not the way I see it. The policies the administration  inherited deterred the human smugglers, the coyotes, and cartels from  even attempting to smuggle children into the United States,  particularly during the  [[Page S1517]]  COVID-19 pandemic. They required, under the Migrant Protection Program,  migrants to remain in Mexico while their asylum claims were being  processed.   Of course, the Biden administration has, in sort of a reflexive  manner, reversed all of the previous administration's policies without  any plan to put in its place and without regard to the consequences.   Well, the Migrant Protection Program, which was negotiated with the  government of Mexico, worked pretty well. It allowed border communities  to know that they wouldn't have to bear the brunt of thousands of  migrants coming across the border into their communities while  simultaneously battling a pandemic.   The Biden administration didn't inherit this mess; it helped create  it. President Biden campaigned on the basis of policies that would lead  to this very outcome.   One woman who crossed the Rio Grande on a smuggler's raft said the  Biden administration is the reason she and her 1-year-old son attempted  the journey at all. She said: ``That gave us the opportunity to come.''  And come they did.   Whether you call this a mess, as the President's Chief of Staff did,  or a human challenge, as the Secretary of Homeland Security did, I can  tell you one thing: Unless the Biden administration reverses course, it  will only get worse. We usually see the peak numbers of migration  happen during the springtime and in the early summer, frankly, because  of the weather and the ease of passage. So we haven't seen nothing yet  compared to what we will see unless action is taken.   During my visit last Friday, one of the people involved in the  operation of the Carrizo Springs facility said: This is a category 5  hurricane with tropical storm force winds on the coast. It is coming.   Well, we have seen this before, as I said--many times, in fact. And  unless action is taken to stem the flow of migrants across the border,  that category 5 hurricane is going to break the entire system.   In my time in the Senate, I have always looked to the men and women  on the ground--the Border Patrol who wear green uniforms, the Customs  and Border Protection officials who wear blue uniforms. I have looked  to them to learn more about how things are going and how Congress and  other policymakers can provide support.   As I said, we share a 1,200-mile border with Mexico, and our border  communities are made up of incredible networks of law enforcement,  local leaders, and nongovernmental organizations that work together to  help keep the migrants safe, as well as communities safe. Many of them  are motivated solely by their humanitarian impulses, and we couldn't do  as well as we are doing without them.   One frustration I have heard in recent weeks is over vaccine  distribution for Border Patrol and other Federal officers who have no  choice but to come in contact with COVID-19-positive migrants coming  across the border. These men and women--Federal employees, Federal law  enforcement officers--are at significant risk of contracting COVID-19  because of their work with detained and vulnerable populations.   We know that more than 8,000 Customs and Border Protection employees  have tested positive for COVID-19, and 27 have died since the start of  the pandemic. More than 2,800 of these 8,000 cases have been in my  State of Texas. But despite this knowledge, the administration has not  made vaccinating these men and women on the frontline a priority.   Last week, Senator Sinema of Arizona and I sent a letter to Secretary  Mayorkas to advocate for Border Patrol and the Department of Homeland  Security's other Federal law enforcement officers to be prioritized for  vaccination. I am glad to announce that the administration responded by  opening a vaccination clinic in the Rio Grande Valley, which is a great  first step, but law enforcement across the entire border deserve to be  vaccinated as soon as possible. If the administration is going to  implement policies that create even more dangers to these frontline  officers and agents, the very least they can do is offer them  protection from COVID-19.   After visiting the Carrizo Springs facility, Congressman Cuellar and  I traveled to Laredo, TX, where we met with a group of mayors, county  judges, and a range of community leaders for a discussion on the ways  this crisis is impacting them.   We discussed the bungled mess of the immigration courts, which have a  backlog of 1.2 million cases. In fact, the human smugglers and drug  cartels know that because of our laws and our failure to offer  consequences associated with illegal entry into the United States, that  we will never get to those 1.2 million backlog cases and that people  can simply evade the law by refusing to show up for their court- appointed date.   Well, we talked about how the biggest beneficiaries of the crisis  weren't the migrants crossing the border but, rather, the transnational  criminal organizations--the cartels, the human smugglers, and the  coyotes who bring them here. Border Patrol told me that the average  smuggling fee for cartels to bring a single unaccompanied child into  the Del Rio Sector was more than $7,300--$7,300 per child. The Chief of  the Border Patrol sector there in Del Rio told me that just this year,  they have detained people from 54 separate countries--54 separate  countries--coming through the Del Rio Sector of the Border Patrol. So  this is like the United Nations coming across our border, and, frankly,  it is such a financially rewarding business for the human smugglers and  the criminal networks, they will literally bring people from anywhere  around the world across our southern border into the United States.  That ought to concern all of us.   Well, the Border Patrol is mounting a struggle against the border  crisis and the pandemic simultaneously. Like cities across the country,  our border communities have already had a very difficult year battling  COVID-19. They had to cover a range of expenses created by the pandemic  in order to keep their communities safe and healthy. But, unlike other  communities across the country, they had the added economic hardship  created by nearly a year of legal limits on nonessential cross-border  travel.   Prepandemic, visitors from Mexico would travel across the border to  shop, eat at restaurants, and visit their family members. They were a  huge economic driver in our border communities from El Paso all the way  down the Rio Grande to the Rio Grande Valley. But the ``pause'' on  legitimate nonessential travel has created a serious economic strain on  these communities, and those leaders are struggling to understand the  disconnect between the Biden administration's two different approaches.   One of the participants at the roundtable said: ``I don't understand  how you can catch-and-release and not let our neighbors across the  border come over and spend money in our communities to help [grow] our  economy.''   This confluence of crises is a one-two punch for our border  communities, and it is unfair that they are expected to carry the  burden of a crisis that should be the responsibility--is the  responsibility of the Federal Government.   In many cases, nongovernmental organizations carry a significant  amount of weight that, quite frankly, is unfairly placed on their  shoulders. Congressman Cuellar and I were joined in Laredo with three  incredible NGOs whose resources are already stretched thin because of  the pandemic and have managed to take on a substantial amount of work  in managing this humanitarian crisis.   I want to commend Catholic Charities of Laredo, the Sisters of Mercy,  the Holding Institute Community Center, and other NGOs along the Texas  border for everything they have done to respond to the humanitarian  crisis. I encourage anyone who is interested in understanding the  crises and working to find solutions, including President Biden, to  visit our border and to hear from these same individuals firsthand.   No matter what party controls the Senate, the House, or the White  House, these law enforcement, local leaders, and NGOs are doing  everything they can to keep both migrants and their communities safe.  They are currently overwhelmed, frustrated, and eager for change, and  their voices must be heard.   We are at an inflection point in the humanitarian crisis, and unless  the administration acts and acts quickly, we are headed down a very  dangerous  [[Page S1518]]  path. We have seen enough of these surges in the past to know what to  expect.   If you are opposed to human trafficking, human suffering, drug  smuggling, pushing migrants into the shadows, then you should be  absolutely alarmed by what is happening along the border today.   The hurricane is on the way. I hope the administration and Congress  will take a serious interest in acting before it makes landfall.   I yield the floor   