 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Huizenga for the time  on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I would say to my friends on the other side of the  aisle: We are not debating climate change here. We are debating the  proper way to financially disclose risks on financial statements of  companies that may or may not experience impact from climate change.   No one is over here denying about climate. We are here talking about  what the right way is to do this. And H.R. 1187 is not the right way to  do climate disclosure on behalf of taxpayers, shareholders, and  employees of public companies.   I have spent the better part of four decades in leadership in both  public and private companies, and I have been engaged throughout those  years in calling for quality corporate governance practices. I can say  with absolute authority that mandating these disclosures as outlined in  H.R. 1187 is not only not necessary but would be expensive and lead to  increased litigation costs.   As my colleagues have already said, the information is already to be  disclosed if it meets the materiality standard. The idea of materiality  has been refined over many decades, and it is what makes our capital  markets the envy of the world.   As Justice Marshall stated in the Supreme Court opinion from 1976:  ``Some information is of such dubious significance that insistence on  its disclosure may accomplish more harm than good. . . . If the  standard of materiality is unnecessarily low . . . management's fear of  exposing itself to substantial liability may cause it simply to bury  the shareholders in an avalanche of trivial information, a result that  is hardly conducive to informed decisionmaking.''   We articulated this in a letter to the SEC that my colleagues and I  sent regarding their plans for financial disclosure. In that letter,  signed by 22 of my Republican colleagues in the House, we outline our  concerns about the SEC going far afield of its statutory mission to  protect investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and  facilitate capital formation.   We also warn that the nature and scope of climate change disclosure  rightfully depends on a particular company's business line and their  carbon footprint. One-size-fits-all, uniform mandates would be deeply  misguided for an issue as complex as the impact of the climate over  many, many years on individual businesses.   This rings more true here in Congress. Congress does not know what is  best for a public company. These decisions are best left up to the  board that already has a fiduciary obligation to its shareholders to  manage this kind of issue.   Our publicly traded companies are responsive to shareholder  engagement. Over the last two decades, they have dramatically improved  their governance practices by increasing diverse, independent directors  and increasing their boards' attention to the business judgment rule  and fiduciary duty of care.   Look at Procter & Gamble as just one U.S. iconic company. In 2000,  their annual proxy statement was 56 pages. Today, it is 111 pages.   Like the vast majority of public companies in the S&P 500, P&G has  significant disclosures of ESG initiatives, their political  contributions, and their sales around the world.   Let's not make it more difficult for public companies. As  policymakers, we should be promoting policies that bolster investment  options for Americans, not limit them. This bill limits that.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote against the  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, as I noted in our debate earlier today, I  stand in opposition to the legislation en bloc offered by the majority,  and that is why I am offering an amendment that replaces the entire  underlying bill with a study to be conducted by the Securities and  Exchange Commission.   The amendment would require the SEC to summarize and describe any  inconsistencies in the methodologies related to environmental, social,  and governance metrics before--repeat, before--they mandate any type of  disclosure from public companies.   My amendment will provide us with much-needed information on the  differences between the five or six standard setters, among many  others, currently in the market. They all have different approaches and  ways to measure climate and other ESG risks. This causes confusion, Mr.  Speaker, and turmoil, both for the public companies trying to determine  these metrics and issue their financials and for investors trying to  understand what has been disclosed.   As we have discussed during the general debate, H.R. 1187 is a  compilation of five different bills. During this amendment debate, I  want to focus particularly on the bills offered by the gentleman from  California (Mr. Vargas) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Casten).   When we marked these bills up in the Financial Services Committee, I  pointed out that even though Democrats believe these bills are in  alignment, as they both address the need for climate-related  disclosure, they are in tension with one another.   For example, Congressman Vargas' bill suggests that a disclosure  system is sufficient by providing an annual report describing the long- term ESG strategy and ESG-related metrics, which presumably would  include climate risk.   On the other hand, Congressman Casten says that a disclosure should  report the same metrics, but additionally needs to disclose the social  and human impact of a company's actions, analyze how the company's  reputation might be affected by climate, detail the board's oversight,  and has a long list of statutory additions.   The Democrats often say that we need to mandate measuring climate  risk because this is science. But Deloitte & Touche reported that  science has not agreed on the methodology for measuring climate risks,  and even when companies try to measure these risks, the information  isn't measured consistently, timely, and in a relevant way, increasing  uncertainty.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, we are not in Kansas anymore, since we are  using ``Wizard of Oz'' analogies. To put a finer point on it, we are  not debating climate. We are debating the right way to disclose  financial risk for climate, from climate.   To put a finer point on it, a report released by the Governance &  Accountability Institute features a breakdown of all the Standard &  Poor's 500 publicly traded companies that are currently disclosing  climate risk and which standard setter they are using.   The outcome shows that 51 percent use one company, 14 percent use  another, and 5 percent use another. Vastly different outcomes. And, in  fact, the bill proposed by the majority dictates which one of those  should be used, and it happens to be the one that only 5 percent of  companies are currently using.    So there are five or six of these different standard setters out  there, and it is important for the commission to figure out which one  of these makes the most sense before we mandate in a rulemaking.   Bogging down these companies with additional, unclear, unwieldy  disclosures just to prove a political point is not just unfair, it is  expensive. It leads to increased litigation risk and hurts long-term  capital formation. This is not how we should be operating as  policymakers and precisely why I am offering this amendment to get the  work done right up front before it turns into another government  mandate.   My amendment is simply good governance. It will replace the bill with  a study of all disclosure frameworks related to the environment, social  and governance metrics, as well as those particularly related to  climate that any public company may use when making disclosures to our  investors, whether voluntarily or pursuant to a statute. And it would  analyze the differences and conflicting factors between the reporting  frameworks. This information is what we need in Congress, and we should  be able to review it before drafting, let alone voting on legislation  that will lead to a mandated new disclosure framework.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment is simply good governance that will replace  the bill with a study, and I believe that is the right way to go. I  urge my colleagues to support this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   