 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we welcome about a million immigrants  every year. We welcome them because they come here, abiding by our  laws, and we need immigrants. We have been a welcoming country for a  long time, but I come to the floor to speak about the ongoing crisis at  our southern border--a crisis that, I think, this administration  doesn't want to admit is a crisis. Because of some changes in policy,  we have that crisis, and that crisis is people entering our country in  violation of our laws.   Since taking office, this administration has advanced policies that  have undermined immigration enforcement. These policies undermine  efforts to secure our southern border, and they encourage illegal  immigration into our country. President Biden has signaled that, when  it comes to immigration that violates our laws, the United States is  open for business. Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats are doubling down  on that position this very week. They are working to pass several mass  amnesty bills that contain no provisions related to securing the  border.   It turns out that people are finally paying attention. U.S. Customs  and Border Protection recently confirmed that it had encountered over  100,000 migrants attempting to cross the southern border in February-- the first full month of this new administration. That is the highest  total for the month of February since 2006. News reports are that  Democrats are blaming Trump's policies for this situation that we are  in. Yet the number of single adults encountered at the southern border  was up 175 percent compared to last February. The number of family  units was up 170 percent, and the number of unaccompanied alien  children was up 171 percent.   The Department of Health and Human Services, which is responsible for  the care of the unaccompanied children after they arrive in the United  States, had 7,300 unaccompanied children referrals in February. That is  the highest number of February referrals in the history of the program.   As of late last week, Health and Human Services had over 8,500  unaccompanied children in its facilities.   As of this past weekend, more than 4,200 were being held by the  Customs and Border Patrol holding facilities, with nearly 3,000 being  held past the legal limit of 72 hours.   These are the ``kids in cages,'' whom many of our Democratic  colleagues were so outraged about a few years ago, blaming Trump, even  though the so-called cages were created in the Obama administration,  just being reused again.   Curiously, we are not seeing nearly as much outrage now as we saw  during the Trump episode. Where is our fair and balanced press today?   Reports emerged late last week that one Border Patrol facility in  Texas was operating at 729 percent of pandemic capacity. Many minors  who had been in custody for over 5 days were reportedly able to shower  only once.   If this were happening during the Trump administration, our  Democratic colleagues would be expressing their anger and their outrage  on any media outlet that they could find. But because this crisis is  happening as a result of President Biden's policies, we have mostly  silence.   President Biden's border crisis reaches beyond just these staggering  numbers that I have given you. First, it is a humanitarian tragedy--a  crisis. The Biden administration's policies have incentivized  unaccompanied children and family units to make an incredibly dangerous  trip to our southern borders.   On March 10, Reuters reported that the Mexican Government is worried  that the Biden administration's asylum policies ``are stoking illegal  immigration and creating business for organized crime''--from the  Mexican Government, reported by Reuters.   There is no doubt that cartels are profiting greatly from this  trafficking. One Mexican official was quoted as saying: ``Migrants have  become a commodity.''   The article went on to discuss how gangs are ``diversifying methods  of smuggling'' and how smugglers are advising migrants on how to more  easily apply for asylum in the United States, including by bringing  children.   It also described how higher concentrations of migrants in areas near  the U.S.-Mexican border have encouraged gangs to recruit some migrants  as drug mules and to kidnap other migrants. For what? For money. This  is a tragedy, and it is a tragedy created in just recent weeks by  changes of policies at the border by this new administration.  [[Page S1549]]    Second, President Biden's border crisis presents a public health  threat in the middle of a pandemic.   Recent reports have indicated that the administration plans to turn  two Texas facilities, where migrant family units are being held, into  rapid processing centers. The plan is to hold the family units for 3  days or less.   It is unclear if all of these migrants are being tested for COVID-19,  when they are being tested, how they are being tested, and how they are  being handled if they test positively.   Recent media reports also indicate that 100 undocumented immigrants  who were released by the Department of Homeland Security into the  United States later tested positive for the virus. In these times, as  we are all concerned about the pandemic, it can't be acceptable.   Finally, President Biden's border crisis has created a situation that  is overwhelming the men and women who work to protect our borders. It  is straining the resources of agencies that must cope with the results  of this administration's misguided immigration policies.   One of the most important responsibilities of the Federal Government  and any Presidential administration, Republican or Democrat, is to  enforce our immigration laws in ways that ensure the sovereignty of our  borders, protects the American people, and, lastly, discourages illegal  immigration. It is clear that this administration has failed to live up  to this responsibility.   I hope that President Biden changes course and begins to work with  Congress in a bipartisan way to secure our borders and, at the same  time, reform our laws in ways that discourage this violation of our  immigration laws by people just willy-nilly crossing the border, even  being invited here. If they instead continue on their present course,  this will be just the first of many border surges to come over the next  4 years.   What we need is to keep our doors open, as we have done for decades  with legal immigrants, and do everything we can to discourage people  from coming here in violation of our laws.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   