 Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R.  335, which would provide a waiver to allow for full Senate  consideration of General Lloyd Austin's nomination as Secretary of  Defense. While I have great concerns over use of this process to  appoint former military leaders to senior civilian positions at the  Department of Defense, and I believe that civilian control of the  military is critical to our democracy, I support this waiver for  General Austin for several reasons.   The first is the need for clear and effective leadership at the  Pentagon. The previous administration drastically politicized the  Department of Defense and hollowed out existing leadership to put in  place less experienced political allies to do former President Trump's  bidding. This has left our nation even more vulnerable during a number  of national and international crises, including the ongoing COVID-19  pandemic, the recent cyber attack on our government systems by Russia,  and rising tensions with Iran and throughout the Middle East. General  Austin brings a distinguished career in military leadership, an  unwavering commitment to our nation's security, and the respect of our  men and women in uniform and will provide a needed steady hand at the  Department of Defense.   Second, Lloyd Austin possess the skills and temperament to address  the challenges our country faces. President Biden noted when discussing  his selection of General Austin that he played a vital role in bringing  American forces home from Iraq using diplomatic skill and an ability to  work cooperatively with his Iraqi counterparts, further noting that  Austin had met every challenge in his career with ``extraordinary skill  and profound personal decency.'' These qualities will be necessary as  America works to regain its leadership on the world stage, rebuild  alliances, and address the many challenges our country faces.   Third, General Austin understands the importance of civilian control  of the military to our democracy and has expressed his commitment to  this principle. Unlike the last time a waiver was sought when Secretary  Mattis was prevented from testifying before Congress by President Trump  and was unable to reassure American people about the importance of  maintaining civilian control of the Department of Defense, General  Austin did testify. During his confirmation hearing, General Austin  expressed full understanding of the concerns over his appointment given  he has been retired from active service for only four years. He  highlighted his experience implementing civilian directives, and his  understanding of the need for a different perspective as a civilian  leader. I am confident that under the leadership of Lloyd Austin and  President Biden, that principle will be preserved and protected.   Finally, General Austin's confirmation as Secretary of Defense would  be a watershed moment as the first African American to hold that office  in our nation's history. In a period where racial tensions have led to  resentment among Americans, a rise in white nationalist extremism, and  peaceful demonstrations in U.S. cities often turning violent, General  Austin's appointment would demonstrate that America embraces the  diversity of our country, and that representation in all facets of our  government and national security structures matters.   