 Mr. Speaker:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish by Mr. Takano  is as follows:)   The American people need our help.   That's why Democrats have been fighting for more economic relief.  President Biden's stimulus package will help the people who need it the  most and it will make investments to improve vaccine distribution, to  open our schools, and to support small businesses.   Thousands of families in my district are worried because they don't  know how they will pay their rent and the Latino community has been the  most affected by this virus.   We have to help everyone during these difficult times and ensure that  the communities that have been most affected have access to the  vaccine.   Congress must approve this legislative package immediately. There is  not time to waste.   El pueblo americano necesita ayuda.   Es por eso que los Democratas estamos luchando por mas ayuda  economica. El paquete de estimulo economico del presidente Biden  ayudara a las personas que mas lo necesitan y hara inversiones para  mejorar la distribucion de las vacunas, para abrir nuestras escuelas, y  para apoyar a los pequenos negocios.   Miles de familias en mi distrito tienen angustia porque no saben como  van a pagar su renta. Y la comunidad latina ha sido la mas afectada por  este virus.  [[Page H736]]    Tenemos que ayudar a todos durante estos tiempos dificiles y  asegurarnos que las comunidades mas afectadas tengan acceso a la  vacuna.   El Congreso debe aprobar este paquete legislativo inmediatamente. No  hay tiempo que perder.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman McGovern for yielding.   Madam Speaker, as of this week, over 10,000 veterans and 130 VHA  employees have lost their lives to COVID-19. Over 226,000 veterans and  18,000 VA employees have tested positive.   It is clear: We must act now.   This bill would provide funding to increase VA's claims and appeals  processing to reduce the backlog caused by COVID-19. It would deliver  critical funding for the Veterans Health Administration, bolster VA's  supply chain modernization, and support State veterans homes to upgrade  and enhance their safety operations. It would also fund stronger  oversight through the VA's Office of Inspector General, secure  assistance for unemployed veterans, and prohibit copayments for  veterans during the pandemic.   This bill is critical to ensure the health system that veterans rely  on can continue to meet their needs and serve as a backup to America's  overwhelmed healthcare systems.   While a return to handshakes, hugs, and visible smiles is on the  horizon, the  [[Page H765]]  path to get there requires this Congress to do quick and thorough work  to ensure we all get there together.   