 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, families back home in Texas are planning  their Thanksgiving menus, but they are also bracing for steep grocery  bills. Prices are up for just about every part of a typical  Thanksgiving meal. The cost of a frozen turkey is the highest in  history. Things like potatoes, butter, pumpkin pies, even salt, cost  more than they did a year ago.   It is not just going to cost more to eat; it is going to cost more to  cook. Appliance prices have skyrocketed over the past year, as have  electricity bills, and family members will have to  [[Page S8419]]  pay a lot more just to visit their friends and relatives because gas  prices are up 60 percent from last year.   As families are being pummeled by higher prices and inflation, our  Democratic colleagues are planning to hand major savings to a select  group of Americans, just not the ones you think and certainly not the  ones who need the help.   Despite their cries of taxing the rich, the Democrats are plotting an  absolutely massive handout to the wealthiest Americans. This windfall  is not distributed through stimulus checks or lower tax rates. That  would be far too obvious. Instead, our Democratic colleagues are  relying on a range of gimmicky sunsets and expirations to dole out the  millionaire tax break.   If they thought no one would notice, well, they would be wrong. For  example, The Washington Post headline says it all. It reads: ``The  second-biggest program in the Democrats' spending plan gives billions  to the rich.''   That is not how our colleagues have tried to brand their legislation.  They would portray themselves as modern-day Robin Hoods--stealing from  the rich to give to the poor.   Strange in that it is really just the opposite. They talk about the  wealthy paying their fair share and giving working families free  programs, but the reality of the situation is far different from the  picture they paint, and the wealthiest Americans stand to reap big  benefits under this legislation.   For example, the Democrats have included a provision that will allow  millionaires and billionaires in blue States to pay less in Federal  taxes. As the headline notes, this handout comes with a big pricetag of  $285 billion in tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans. It is more  expensive than the clean energy and climate provisions in their bill;  more expensive than paid family leave; more expensive than the combined  cost of the child tax credit and home-based services.   And there is no denying that the beneficiaries of this ultraexpensive  provision are the wealthiest Americans. According to the Tax Policy  Center, about 70 percent of the benefit goes to the top 5 percent of  wage earners--70 percent goes to the top 5 percent. That is people  making more than $366,000 a year, roughly six times the median  household income of Texans. We were not talking about saving a few  dollars here and there. The top 1 percent would save an average of  $14,900 next year, and the bottom 40 percent of taxpayers wouldn't be  given a dime's worth of a break in their taxes.    The rich in America who stand to gain the most from this change are  those who live in blue States, like New York and California that have  higher State and local taxes. They would, under this legislation, get  to deduct up to $80,000 in their State and local taxes from next year's  Federal tax return, leaving everybody else to fill up the gap.   Working families in Texas should not have to subsidize the tax bill  for Manhattan millionaires. If the wealthiest people in New York or  California think their State and local taxes are too high, there is a  pretty simple solution: Tell your elected officials to cut taxes or you  can do like many people are doing these days, vote with your feet and  move to places like Texas.   Over the last decade, Californians have flocked to my State by the  hundreds of thousands. People do vote with their feet, and they clearly  support what we are doing in Texas.   We have been happy to welcome folks from all around the country who  are in search of lower taxes, affordable homes, and a better standard  of living.   Blue State millionaires can't expect my constituents to subsidize  their tax bills. They need to either pay their taxes or maybe they need  to decide to move to someplace where they are not taxed at such a high  rate.   Under this bill, two-thirds of those making more than $1 million will  receive a tax cut next year. Let me say that again. The vast majority  of millionaires will, under the Democratic legislation, receive a tax  break, and nearly 90 percent of those earning between $500,000 and $1  million will receive a tax cut. This is a sharp contrast from how  middle-class working families are treated.   Less than a third of those earning between $20 and $100,000 a year  will receive a significant tax cut. And the following year, 2023, those  savings dramatically decrease.   Year over year, the tax provisions in this bill change dramatically.  In fact, there is not a single year over the next decade in which each  tax provision will be used at the same time.   Democrats aren't rewriting the Tax Code to make millionaires pay  their fair share; they are gaming it to create the illusion of  fairness.   Some programs begin immediately and end after 1 year. Some don't even  take effect for a couple of years. These are plain budgetary gimmicks.  After all, they can't afford to give billionaires a tax break and dole  out increased social welfare programs. The fact of the matter is, the  millionaire tax break in their legislation is the largest handout for  wealthy Americans. But it is not the only one in the bill.   This legislation would allow people earning hundreds of thousands of  dollars to receive up to $12,500 from the taxpayers if they buy an  electric vehicle. They also can receive up to $900 to purchase an e- bike, which is obviously less green than a good old-fashioned regular  bike.   The Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending bill also creates handouts  for union bosses, trials lawyers, wealthy media corporations, and a  host of powerful friends of the Democratic Party. All of these handouts  may appease some of our colleagues' wealthiest supporters, but it will  only make life harder for working families.   Families earning just over the median household income, which is just  under $62,000 in Texas, could see their childcare costs soar by as much  as $13,000.   And the climate policies in this bill are sure to drive energy prices  even higher. Gasoline already costs 60 percent more today than it did a  year ago. That is a combination of inflation and the policies of this  administration which attack the very energy industry that we depend  upon to provide affordable energy.   If the Democrats manage to get this grab bag of radical climate  policies signed into law, prices at the pump will go even higher.   So this bill will not, as advertised, help America to build back  better. It will ensure that we never reach the prepandemic recovery  that was the envy of the world.   No public relations campaign can hide the truth about this bill. This  is a reckless tax-and-spending spree that will benefit the wealthiest  of Americans at the cost of working families.   The last thing we need to do is to line the pockets of wealthy  Americans while driving up the costs of the middle class.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   