 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.  Res. 24, impeaching Donald John Trump, President of the United States,  for high crimes and misdemeanors.   When we consider impeachment, the first question to consider is not  ``what is an impeachable offense?'' but ``why is impeachment in the  Constitution?'' If it is necessary to have an elected official removed  from office, the normal process is to vote him out of office at his  next election and have him leave when his term expires. But there are  times when it is absolutely not feasible to wait until a term expires.  That is why impeachment is in the Constitution.   The Constitution says the President ``shall be removed from office on  impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high  crimes and misdemeanors.'' When a President is committing treason, it  is obviously not feasible to wait until the next election and the  expiration of his term. If a President is seeking, taking or giving  bribes, it is not feasible to wait. As for ``other high crimes or  misdemeanors,'' the important word is ``other,'' because it suggests  offenses that have the same effect on the nation as treason or bribery.  The phrase ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' is intentionally vague, but  the meaning is clear--behavior that creates a situation, as in cases of  treason and bribery, where it is not feasible to wait until the next  election and the expiration of the President's term. Impeachment is not  in the Constitution primarily as a punishment, but as a mechanism to  protect our democracy when it is not feasible to wait until January  20th.   In that light, we evaluate the President's recent behavior.   Shortly before noon on Wednesday, January 6, 2021, President Trump  addressed thousands of his supporters, who specifically came to  Washington at his urging. This event was called the ``March to Save  America.'' The President's words and actions at this rally, and  arguably the lies he spread weeks before, incited a violent  insurrection. Soon after the President's speech, a violent mob  overwhelmed the U.S. Capitol with the intent of disrupting the counting  of the Electoral College votes--the final official step in the election  of the next President of the United States. These individuals harbored  delusions fostered by the President that, but for the grace of God,  could have resulted in the death or injury of the Vice President and  many members of Congress. During most of this insurrection, the absence  of the National Guard and other military units was conspicuous,  especially when compared to the overwhelming police and military  presence last summer during racial justice protests in the nation's  capital.   The facts are not in dispute. According to Rep. Liz Cheney, the third  highest ranking Republican in the House of Representatives, ``The  President of the United States summoned this mob, assembled the mob,  and lit the flame of this attack. Everything that followed was his  doing. None of this would have happened without the President . . .  There has never been a greater betrayal by a President of the United  States of his office and his oath to the Constitution.''   Last weekend, the Washington Post published audio recordings  revealing a conversation in which the President encourages and attempts  to pressure Georgia election officials to ``find'' over 11,780 votes to  reverse the certified results of the November 3rd election. This hour  long recording further supports previous reports of the President  actively attempting to overturn the will of the voters in other states  he clearly and fairly lost.   Additionally, the President has used presidential powers to pardon  numerous criminals, many of whom were convicted of offenses that could  have been part of coverups to protect the President himself. He should  not continue to hold this power while insurrectionists are being  arrested and charged across the country. And it is also being reported  that he is actively considering additional questionable pardons,  including for himself and his immediate family.   Notwithstanding his oath to faithfully execute the laws, the  President is doing nothing to address the COVID-19 pandemic, even  though more than 125,000 deaths have occurred since the election. There  has been a complete abdication of responsibility demonstrated by his  failure to develop a testing and contact tracing strategy, his refusal  to encourage the use of masks to stop the spread of this deadly virus,  and now a complete mismanagement of vaccine distribution. Furthermore,  his execution of the laws has been compromised by the wholesale  resignations of senior federal officials across the executive branch.   The President has gone to extraordinary lengths to disrupt the  transition from his administration to President-elect Biden,  undermining our national security. Our nation is facing economic  distress, a raging pandemic, the disastrous consequences of climate  change, a reckoning with racial injustice, and a historic cyber  intrusion. While our country is facing these challenges, the President  has chosen to jeopardize our national security by refusing the incoming  administration customary intelligence briefings, refusing to concede  the election, and falsely claiming election fraud ultimately disrupting  the peaceful transition of power and undermining the incoming  administration's ability to manage these crises.   And there have been ongoing violations of the Constitution's  emoluments clause, as foreign governments have paid money to Trump  businesses since his inauguration four years ago.   Each of these behaviors alone would constitute impeachable offenses,  so the analysis moves to whether or not any or all of them  [[Page H190]]  create the crisis envisioned in the impeachment clause where it is not  feasible to wait until January 20th to have him removed from office. I  believe the evidence is overwhelming and that we have no choice but to  act expeditiously to impeach.   The attack on the Capitol clearly puts us in a situation where it is  not feasible to wait until the President's term expires at noon on  January 20, 2021. He has shown no remorse for the loss of life and the  blatant attack he incited on one of the greatest symbols of our  democracy. There has also been no credible explanation why the Capitol  Police were left stranded without the support of the National Guard or  other law enforcement agencies nor any credible explanation why the  Attorney General nor the Director of the F.B.I. have attended any  public briefings on what happened on January 6, 2021 or what is being  done to make sure that it does not happen again under the President's  leadership. And when a person is found unfit to control a Twitter  account, it is hard to imagine how he is fit to control the nuclear  codes. He is also not fit to control the security of the Capitol for  the upcoming inauguration or from other attacks at the Capitol that,  according to some public reports, are being planned.   Tragically, tens of thousands of people will continue to die  unnecessarily because of his incompetence and inaction in dealing with  the COVID-19 pandemic. This self-serving use of the presidential pardon  power cannot continue, and if he is removed from office, a process can  be put in place to seamlessly transition powers to the Biden  Administration without gaps in National Security.   For these reasons it is imperative that he be removed from office  now.   Once impeached, it is true that he may not be convicted in the  Senate. In fact, an impeachment trial may never take place. But the  fact that a quick trial and conviction could take place should deter  problematic behavior by the President during his last few days in  office. For example, if Majority Leader McConnell received a distressed  call from the Secretary of Defense explaining that the President had  issued a bizarre military order, Leader McConnell could quickly summon  the Chief Justice, reconvene the Senate and vote to remove the  President within hours of the call. Knowing that this could take place  would hopefully deter the President from issuing such an order or  granting inappropriate pardons.   The President will be encouraged to resign, and the Vice President  and a majority of the cabinet secretaries could activate the 25th  amendment. But all the House of Representatives can control is  impeachment. The House has an obligation to do just that. Our action  should not be guided by politics or grievance, but should reflect the  fact that the future of our Democracy is our first priority.   Madam Speaker, we do not want to look up on January 20th and see that  security at the inauguration was mismanaged with disastrous results; or  witness a blanket pardon to all of those involved in the insurrection;  or suffer as tens of thousands die unnecessarily due to the President's  continued mismanagement of the pandemic; or witness any other  disastrous situation resulting from the abusive use of presidential  powers. And if any of that happens because he was not impeached by the  House and convicted and removed by the Senate, we cannot say we did not  see it coming.   