 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, around the world, America and American personnel are  being attacked in their homes, in hotels, and even on public streets.  For most, it starts with what seems like a loud noise that is followed  by pain or a sense of pressure in the head. Many are left with chronic  damage, including hearing loss, vertigo, cognitive and motor  impairment, severe headaches, and inability to sleep.   In the words of a recent press report, our diplomats are suffering a  ``concussion without a concussion.''   The Senate-passed bill before us today provides important authority  to assist these brain injury victims, and it deserves our unanimous  support. But we all must do more.   Unfortunately, these attacks have continued and spread. First, it  started in Havana in late 2016 and spread to China in 2017. Two months  ago, press reports described more than 130 possible cases all over the  world, including right here in Washington, D.C. Just last week, two  dozen new cases among U.S. personnel in Vienna were revealed. Simply  put, this is kind of scary stuff.   The people who serve our Nation overseas are generally worried for  themselves and their families, and they need to know that we have their  backs. When the prior administration pulled our personnel out of Havana  4 years ago, they said: ``Numerous Embassy Havana employees have been  targeted in specific attacks. These employees have suffered significant  injuries as a consequence of these attacks.''   In contrast, President Biden has refused to call these what they are,  attacks on U.S. personnel. Secretary of State Tony Blinken publicly  said perhaps no one is responsible for causing these injuries.   I will tell you, from my briefings and briefings in another annex,  that is absolutely incorrect. We may not be able to fill in all the  blanks yet, but we know too much to dismiss these attacks as  unexplained health incidents.   Four years ago, medical experts convened by the State Department  agreed victims were likely dealing with brain trauma from a nonnatural  source, and the evidence has only grown more conclusive since then.  Last year, the National Academy of Sciences said that directed, pulsed  radio frequency energy is most likely the cause. According to the NAS,  the situation raises grave concerns about bad actors who may have  weapons.   While we must assist victims with today's bill, we must do more. We  must call these heinous attacks what they are. They are attacks, and  the people attacking us need to know the consequences will be severe  when we find out who they are and when we get the attribution.  Otherwise, we aren't doing what we can do to deter future attacks. The  men and women who serve our Nation overseas deserve no less.   I have prepared a bill to do just that, which I will be introducing  this week.   I thank Chairman Meeks and our Intelligence Committee colleagues for  their bipartisan work on the HAVANA Act, which I strongly support.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Nunes), the ranking member of the  Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the coauthor of the  House version of this bill.     Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   First, I thank the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and  the ranking member, Mr. Nunes, for their strong support of this bill.  It is very important.   I will be introducing a bill next week on this, and I hope to work  with the House Intelligence Committee on that as well.   I am very concerned the administration may be planning to send U.S.  personnel back to our Havana Embassy. I just got off of a big rally  across the street from the White House with a lot of Cubans. They are  searching for freedom and democracy over tyranny, oppression, and  communism.   But our personnel, we can't send them back until we can say who or  what caused these brain injuries that prompted the Trump administration  to pull our people out of there for their own safety in 2017.   Over these last few weeks, the world has watched Cuba's brutal police  state in action. The Venezuelan military is there as well, silencing  people just for exercising freedom of speech, which they don't have  under a communist dictatorship.   The same surveillance system that tracks dissidents and censors the  internet has been unwilling to share necessary information about these  attacks against Americans. I have no doubt that Cuban intelligence is  involved in this.   If the administration sends U.S. personnel back to Havana without  holding the regime accountable, all American diplomats are at risk.   Again, I support this bipartisan HAVANA Act. I urge my colleagues to  support it as well. I think these men and women, both State Department  diplomats and our intelligence officers, deserve better from our  Nation. They need to receive the proper care that they deserve.   Again, I thank Chairman Meeks and the Intelligence Committee, and I  look forward to its passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   