 Mr. President, I come to the floor today following the  conclusion of Vice President Harris's border evasion tour to Guatemala  and Mexico earlier this week.   As a physician, I have had the opportunity to do multiple mission  trips to Mexico and Central America, and I have been to the border now  three times. I have seen the crisis firsthand, which is why it was so  concerning to me that in the early days of this new administration,  they followed through on a number of campaign promises related to  opening our border and curbing control measures put in place by the  previous administration.   Just to be clear, the current administration issued multiple  Executive orders and actions on immigration, including halting  construction of the border wall, ending the ``Remain in Mexico''  policy, and reaffirming the White House's commitment to grant blanket  amnesty to 11 million illegal immigrants residing in the United States.  While President Biden and his administration appear surprised by the  massive influx of immigrants and migrants encountered in the aftermath,  this was a predictable result.   As described by the President of Guatemala, once the message from the  White House changed to, ``We're going to reunite families, we're going  to reunite children. The very next day, the coyotes were here  organizing groups of children to take them to the United States.''   On March 24, after months of resulting escalating crises on our  southern border, President Biden tapped Vice President Harris to serve  as his border czar. In the 10 weeks that have passed since her  appointment, the situation at the border has continued to worsen. In  April, Customs and Border Protection officials made more than 178,000  apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border. In May, they once again made  more than 170,000 apprehensions, marking the third straight month over  that figure. These are 20-year records.   As demonstrated in an interview with Lester Holt this week, Vice  President Harris considers these staggering  [[Page S4028]]  numbers a laughing matter. If she took her role seriously and actually  visited our southern border, she would realize that Americans who live  in border communities are not laughing. That is because their towns are  being overwhelmed by migrants, and they feel their lives are in danger.   Now, the origin of these migrants has expanded as the crisis has gone  on. In recent weeks and months, Border Patrol has encountered  significant numbers of migrants from Ecuador, Venezuela, Cuba, and  Brazil. While these arrivals have come from a wide variety of nations,  the majority of the border crossings continue to come from Mexico and  the Northern Triangle countries of Guatemala, Honduras, and El  Salvador.   Despite years of foreign aid and assistance to the nations, this is a  trend we have seen growing in recent years. Since 2018, Border Patrol  has encountered approximately 5 percent of Honduras's population, 3.5  percent of Guatemala's, and roughly 3 percent of El Salvador's  population. Now Vice President Harris is proposing to provide more than  $300 million in regional humanitarian aid and a $4 billion long-term  plan for Central America.   However, as this graph shows, there is little evidence to show that  this type of cash injection will reduce migration from these Northern  Triangle nations, and Biden administration officials acknowledge that  even if these efforts were successful, it would take years or possibly  even decades to truly make an impact. This is not the type of urgency  needed to address this raging crisis on our border. This is simply  throwing good money after bad money.   Let's take a look how policy impacts the border. This graph proves  the cause of the crisis is policy, and aid has been ineffective in  remaking the economy of the Northern Triangle. These economies need  much more than intermittent aid infusion. I like to use the phrase  ``trade not aid.'' Since entering into CAFTA-DR in 2005, the United  States has increased trade between the United States and the other six  countries in the agreement: Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, El  Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. As of 2019, goods traded  among the countries included in the pact increased by 62 percent. By  working to expand trade in the region, the United States could boost  capital investment and prosperity.   This type of productivity could result in further good job  opportunities and encourage individuals in the Northern Triangle to  remain home rather than pouring across our southern border. It also has  the potential to reconfigure supply chains away from China and bolster  our relationship with nations in our hemisphere at a time when China is  moving to exploit developing countries.   I have seen the empty warehouses and jobs leaving Central America  firsthand in Honduras on mission trips--a result of China entering the  World Trade Organization. Through stronger trade agreements, we can  help bring jobs back to our hemisphere, particularly those that would  help address some of our medical supply challenges, such as making  medical gowns, masks, and gloves. These could easily be made in Central  America.   At the same time, it is absurd that this administration cannot chew  gum and walk at the same time. Proposing $4 billion of taxpayer funds  in an aid package, when their recently proposed $6 trillion budget  request does not include funding increases for the missions carried out  by the Department of Homeland Security along the border, is  astonishing.   A final point, Vice President Harris keeps saying she wants to get to  the root of the problem, and while White House policy has created the  crisis at the border, the true long-term root of the problem is the  lack of law and order in Central America, which leads to unstable  economies.   The policies first put in place by President Obama and now by the  current administration have enriched the cartels, further encouraged  violence, and harmed Central American economies. By not truly  addressing the roots, their policies continue to encourage migrants to  make the long dangerous journey north.   We must continue to build a wall along the southern border and  increase funding for technology, radars, towers, air assets, and  others. We must also reinstate the ``Remain in Mexico'' program. Our  Vice President, acting as border czar, must visit our southern border  communities and the CBP agents and officers overwhelmed by this self- inflicted crisis.   I yield the floor.   