 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to take a minute to thank the men  and women of the National Guard for the service they have provided in  protecting this Capitol over the last 2 weeks.   I especially want to thank the 750 men and women from the State of  Alabama who came here to the call of duty.   Once again, these citizen soldiers left their homes and their jobs to  respond to this call, and, although it is unfortunate they were needed,  it is certainly appreciated by all of us that they were here.   Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe that each President deserves the  opportunity to fill their Cabinet as they see fit. And I agree that it  is important to confirm President Biden's national security team as  soon as possible, especially given the grave threats that we face.   Four years ago, this House provided a process to consider a waiver  for General Mattis. We were all disappointed when General Mattis did  not appear before the Armed Services Committee. Yet the Armed Services  Committee still convened and held a public markup of the waiver, which  passed without a single vote from any Democrat. Then the full House  debated and voted on the waiver.   This time around, the Armed Services Committee was excluded from the  process by the Democrat leadership of this House. This was not a  decision  [[Page H211]]  made by Chairman Smith, who wanted a public hearing as much as I did.  There has been no public hearing, no markup of a waiver, no opportunity  for amendments.   Just 4 years ago, Democrat leadership told us how important it was to  follow regular order and allow the Armed Services Committee to consider  the Mattis waiver.   Speaker Pelosi said, ``The American people are entitled to regular  order and thoughtful scrutiny of nominees and any potential waivers.''   Majority Leader Hoyer said, ``The committee has a right and a  responsibility to inquire of General Mattis why he thinks he ought to  be given a waiver.''   I guess this time around they don't feel the same way.   Mr. Speaker, civilian control of the military is a fundamental tenet  of our Republic. It is rooted in our Constitution. The law prohibiting  recently retired military from serving as Secretary of Defense was  enacted shortly after World War II to uphold this principle.   In nearly 75 years, the law has only been waived twice, for General  Marshall and General Mattis. This will be the third time.   But Biden didn't have to do it this way. There was a strong pool of  diverse civilians and former military leaders with qualifications and  experience to serve as Secretary. President Biden could have selected  from this talent pool, but he chose not to.   I voted for the waiver for General Mattis, and I will vote for the  waiver for General Austin. For me, it is just fair--a waiver for a  Republican President and a waiver for a Democrat President.   But I stand here frustrated by this dysfunctional process. President  Trump and President Biden forced this Congress into situations made  worse, this time around, by the Speaker's decision to ignore regular  order.   Congress should not have to entertain these waivers. Presidents need  to follow the law as written. They need to stop asking Congress to  waive a statute. And we certainly shouldn't be forced to do so outside  of regular order. If Presidents don't think the law matters, then they  need to address this waiver issue in this year's NDAA.   Mr. Speaker, America faces extraordinary threats from strategic  competitors like China and Russia, rogue nations like Iran and North  Korea, as well as terrorists and other transnational enemies. It is  more critical now than ever to strengthen our military, address  mounting readiness problems, and modernize our conventional and nuclear  forces to defeat these threats.   I believe General Austin understands the threats that we face. I  believe he respects the principle of civilian control. I believe he  will stand up to the efforts of many of the Democrat majority who seek  to slash defense spending and rewrite our defense strategy.   I hope the rest of the Biden administration shares his commitment for  providing for our men and women in uniform the resources they need to  successfully defend our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to address my friend, the chairman's remarks  about the establishment of the Armed Services Committee.   We did not establish our members from our steering committee because  we didn't get our ratio from the Democrat leadership until last week.  It was physically not possible.   Had we gotten our ratio a month ago or even 2 weeks ago, we would  have sat our members, and we would have had a sitting committee.   The reason we didn't have a public hearing today, the chairman is  right, we didn't have a sitting committee. That is the fault of the  Democrat leadership, not the minority.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Gallagher), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jacobs).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn), who is the ranking member of  Readiness Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I have two more speakers who  aren't here yet. So I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Issa).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, at this time, I am prepared to  close, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First, I want to thank my friend and colleague Chairman Smith, and I  look forward to working with him over this 2-year cycle.   The debate we have had today is a serious one. The executive branch  is asking the legislative branch to waive a law for its benefit.  President Biden knew this law when he selected General Austin. He could  have made another selection.   But, as I said earlier, President Trump got a waiver with General  Mattis, and I believe it is only right that I supported one waiver for  General Austin.   Mr. Speaker, it is critical that the President has his national  security team in place as soon as possible. I look forward to working  with General Austin if he is confirmed, and I urge a favorable vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   