 Mr. President, I rise once again in support of Jen  Easterly's nomination to be Director of the Cybersecurity and  Infrastructure Security Agency, commonly referred to as CISA.   Yesterday, I came to the floor to urge my colleagues to swiftly  confirm Ms. Easterly to lead CISA so she can get to work in  strengthening our Nation's response to the recent onslaught of online  attacks that have literally wrought havoc to our critical  infrastructure, businesses, and even government.   With her more than three decades of service in the public and private  sectors and her critical role in crafting vital cyber security  recommendations as a member of the Cyber Solarium  [[Page S4745]]  Commission, Ms. Easterly is more than qualified to lead this critical  Agency. Her leadership is needed now more than ever, after the damage  and the chaos that recent cyber attacks have caused. We urgently need a  qualified and Senate-confirmed leader in place before the next major  breach, which could be even worse.   Yesterday, when I called on the Senate to immediately confirm this  critical nominee, the Senator from Florida objected, not because he  opposes Ms. Easterly's confirmation, and, in fact, he actually helped  advance her nomination out of my committee just last week. Instead, he  blocked the swift confirmation of this critical cyber security leader  because he wants to extract a completely unrelated political concession  from the Biden administration.   As we now know, Vice President Harris has announced that she will  travel to El Paso tomorrow, along with Homeland Security Secretary  Mayorkas, to assess the situation on the southern border. The Biden  administration and Secretary Mayorkas have worked hard to address our  border challenges, and, as a result, we have seen a reduction in the  number of unaccompanied children who are in DHS custody.   But this nomination is not about the border, as much as my Republican  colleagues try to conflate these issues. This nomination is about cyber  security. This nomination is keeping American families safe and our  economy secure. That is what this nomination is all about. My  Republican colleagues are continuing to stall the confirmation of Ms.  Easterly at a time when we desperately need strong cyber security  leadership.   The Senate is preparing to adjourn for Independence Day, which is a  major travel weekend. As we have seen from recent cyber attacks, our  transportation networks are vulnerable. Criminal organizations and  foreign adversaries will continue their efforts to compromise our  networks. We must be prepared for attacks that could disrupt trains or  flights over the holiday weekend.   We must confirm Ms. Easterly as the CISA Director now, not in 2 weeks  and not in 2 months. We must have a qualified Senate-confirmed leader  in place to help us address these attacks.   If our Republican colleagues won't consent, they risk weakening and  slowing our cyber defenses at a time when attacks could cause serious  disruptions. These attacks risk the lives and livelihoods of countless  Americans. Safeguarding against them should not be a partisan issue.  Putting in place highly qualified cyber leadership should not hinge on  whether Republicans in the Senate approve of the Vice President's  travel schedule.   I urge the Senator from Florida to withdraw his objections so that we  can do our job, confirm Ms. Easterly today, and help protect the  American people from this grave national security threat.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule  XXII, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No.  176, Jen Easterly, of New York, to be the Director of the Cybersecurity  and Infrastructure Security Agency, Department of Homeland Security,  and the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or  debate.   