 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to abortion on demand until  birth act. I have watched over the last 40 years as abortionists have  targeted my race. It was a race that, as a child in the 1960s, had more  men committed to marriage, over 70 percent than any other community.  Black women were more likely to get married than White women until  1970.   In that community, Black men taught their sons to respect women, to  honor their wives, and to be stellar examples for their children.   Over the last 40 years, my race has remained silent as abortionists  have murdered close to 20 million of our children. This equates to 40  percent of the Black race exterminated by a multibillion-dollar death  industry.   This same industry, and the Democrats who are promoting this bill,  are teaching our young girls that killing their babies after being born  alive has no consequences, that a living, beating heart is nothing more  than a hangnail.   Black women represent 12 percent of America's female population but  make up almost 40 percent of the women who end up on the operating  table of a wealthy abortionist.   In civilized countries, the taking of 20 million lives would be  called genocide. The left now calls it choice.   Over the decades since my youth, we have turned more than 70 percent  of our Black fathers into whiners, whinnies, and wimps as they, with no  shame, desert their families. They then convince the mothers of their  children to absolve them of their responsibility, to man up, to find  the character and backbone to provide and protect their own namesake  and legacy.   The celebration of the killing our most innocent is pure evil, my  friends. We cannot kill the most innocent among us and think we will be  blessed.  [[Page H5084]]    Take it from someone who has seen this movie before. Compare the  Black family of my youth in the 1950s and 1960s with the shell of the  Black family today.   The pathway to the destruction of our precious family unit, manhood,  womanhood, and our American culture begins with the wanton destruction  of our babies. If we continue to allow this to happen to our great  Nation, evil wins and America loses. I pray that our Nation finally  turns its back on this dark and destructive industry.   