 I thank my colleague from Florida.   I recall so vividly that day on February 14, 2018. It started like it  does most days with people across the country. They take their children  to school, drop them off, and, in this case, maybe some of them drove  themselves.   And within hours, the lives of 17 families had been changed forever.  It was a horrible tragedy: 17 students and faculty members who lost  their lives; another 17 that were wounded in the attack. And it shocked  the country.   It was shocking because they went to do what so many people do on a  regular basis in a place where you never think that something like that  could happen.   And as my colleague pointed out, there is no resolution in the Senate  or words that we can say that will restore the lives that were lost,  erase the pain still felt by those victims, the families, the friends,  those who loved them.   But even as we continue to grieve, we must also work to prevent  something like this from happening anywhere at any time.   I was proud that in the early days after this tragedy, within just a  few weeks, together, working across the aisle, we passed the STOP  School Violence Act, which provided Federal grant money for school  safety. And that has been ongoing now for 3 years.   We passed the Fix NICS Act, which helped patch some of the holes that  existed in our background check system.   Since that day, I have had the honor of getting to know and working  with the parents of many of those who lost their lives at Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School.   And I will say that their grace in the face of the most traumatic  loss that any parent, any sibling, any cousin, any grandparent, anyone  can imagine--working with them has been humbling in the face of the  grace that they have shown. The commitment to ensuring that no one else  has to go through what they did is inspiring.   There are so many I can point to who have made a difference in their  own way. They have all sort of focused on different aspects of what we  should be doing, and I just want to take a moment today to recognize  one individual, Max Schachter.   I know many of you have gotten to know him here. This man works  tirelessly. He lost his son Alex on that day.   But his commitment has actually produced significant progress, thanks  to his leadership, and I must say his leadership--and I spoke to him  again last Friday, and he continues to work on these issues.   And thanks to that, last year, the Federal Government created a  Federal clearinghouse on school safety best practices--a place that any  district, any school can go to and something that is constantly being  updated, that puts an essential location for best practices and offers  access to an array of resources for schools across our Nation that are  looking to protect their students.   And this is important because in the aftermath of this, everyone was  trying to figure out, well, what should we do? And there was no central  place where you could go to and find that out.   And recently, as my colleague from Florida has pointed out, I, along  with my colleague from Florida and Senator Ron Johnson, we reintroduced  the Luke and Alex School Safety Act, named after--partially after his  son Alex, which would make this clearinghouse permanent. It was put in  place  [[Page S585]]  by the Agency, but this would make it permanent.   And I just think of parents like Max, who have poured so much of  their own lives into this work and continue to do so, and he is always  churning out new ideas.   We spoke this last Friday about data that is now available, that a  lot of people don't even know is there; data that shows you which  schools are having suspensions, which schools are having fights, which  schools are having arrests and violence as a way of finding anomalies  in the data. I mean, he is constantly--and Max has become a subject  matter expert through this tragedy, but he is constantly looking for  improvements that can be not just done in Florida but across the  country, and he is tireless all across the country.   There is something else we took that was successful in Florida, and  today we have reintroduced, along with Senator Reed and Senator King  and my colleague from Florida--that is reintroducing the Extreme Risk  Protection Order and Violence Prevention Act, to encourage the passing  of these laws that allow you to identify someone who is a danger to  themselves or others, to go to a court, provide them due process, and  potentially prevent a suicide or a senseless act like what we saw on  that day 3 years ago.   And this bill would not mandate it, but it would dedicate the  Department of Justice funds to incentivize more States to adopt similar  measures. It will encourage the rest of the country to follow the lead  in Florida and to save lives. We know it has prevented suicides and we  know it has prevented potential attacks in Florida and in States where  it has been implemented. And we can't force more States to do it, but  we can try to incentivize them.   So it is my hope and my prayer that as we continue to work together  that we can achieve this and other things so that no family, no  community, no State, no one will have to go through what the incredible  families of Parkland endured on that day and the 3 years that followed.   Today, as we remember the lives that were lost, let us pledge to  honor them by continuing to move forward toward safer and more secure  schools and communities in our work here.   I yield the floor.   