 Madam President, 20 years ago, September 11, 2001,  Americans watched in horror as two planes struck the World Trade Center  in New York City. We watched as another plane slammed into the  Pentagon, and yet another bound for this very city crashed in  Pennsylvania.   That day was the worst attack on American soil in our history.  America's death toll surpassed Pearl Harbor in December 1941. That day,  children came home from school without their parents; calls from family  members went unreturned; lives were changed forever.   Yet instead of tearing us apart, instead of frightening Americans off  the world stage, the cowardly attacks on September 11 brought our  Nation together.   But just remember, we were at war with al-Qaida prior to 9/11/2001.  In the 1990s, between 10,000 and 20,000 people went to Afghanistan to  train to be terrorists. Insurgencies sprang to life in Algeria,  Indonesia, Philippines, Somalia, and Yemen.   The World Trade Center was bombed the first time in 1993 by Ramzi  Yousef, who spent time in a terrorist camp in Afghanistan. In 1998, al- Qaida bombed two U.S. Embassies in Africa. In 2000, al-Qaida bombed a  U.S. warship, the U.S.S. Cole, killing 17 Americans.   The 9/11 Commission would later write: ``The 9/11 attacks were a  shock, but they should not have come as a surprise.'' That came from  the Commission. But they were a surprise to most Americans because our  leaders simply ignored the threat, issued a weak diplomatic scold, and  promised ``over the horizon'' missiles and surveillance could solve the  problem.   What solved the problem was American resolve and American might. That  fighting spirit began on the bright blue morning of September 11, when  a 32-year-old software salesman named Todd Beamer boarded United  Airlines Flight 93.   Todd knew his plane was likely bound for another mishap or  catastrophe after hearing it on the telephone just after takeoff. He  knew that this plane was either headed for the Capitol or the White  House. He knew what happened to the other flights because of  conversations. But instead of being fearful, Todd Beamer rallied his  other passengers.   The former college athlete stayed calm and prayed the Lord's Prayer.  Then he and his fellow passengers unleashed hell on the hijackers of  their plane. The moment Todd Beamer said ``Let's roll'' is the moment  America began to fight back against radical Islamic terrorism. That is  when the war started.   The whole country took up Todd's battle cry of ``Let's roll.'' Over  the next 20 years, 800,000 Americans rolled into Afghanistan--800,000.  Of them, 2,461 were killed in action, including the 13 brave men and  women we just lost a few weeks ago; 20,961 soldiers were wounded.   Their sacrifices were great, but so were their accomplishments. With  48 partnered nations, America smashed the Taliban and sent al-Qaida  running for their caves in Pakistan. We killed Osama bin Laden and  crushed terrorism networks around the world.   Over the past 20 years, the death toll from terrorists inside the  United States was 107 because of our brave military that took the fight  to the enemy overseas. One hundred and seven souls are still far too  many in this country. But the Nation has been spared another  catastrophic attack, while our All-Volunteer Force stood the watch in  Afghanistan.   But here on the 20th anniversary of 9/11, what should be a resounding  victory and success of American values and resolve is, instead, a  defeat. And it is an especially bitter defeat to Americans all across  this country. It is bitter because Americans surrendered 20 years of  blood, sweat, and tears to the enemy.   The Taliban now controls more of Afghanistan than they did in 2001,  and  [[Page S6444]]  they are better armed with American guns, vehicles, and aircraft.   It is bitter because it was entirely preventable. It is bitter  because those who work in national security know in their hearts that  the President is wrong when he says the ``war is over.''   Mr. President, the war is not over. The war is over when your enemy  accepts defeat. Our enemy, the Taliban, are not defeated; they are  emboldened.   President Biden has handed them the greatest victory of their  pitiful, pitiful history, a victory greater than they could have ever  dreamed.   Using this victory as propaganda against the United States will be  recruiting gold for the Taliban. Make no mistake, now that they have  sent America running for the exits in Afghanistan, they intend to bring  the terror we saw at Kabul's airport home to us right here in the  United States of America.   We cannot allow that to happen because now, after our Commander in  Chief decided to leave behind--let me repeat that--leave behind  American taxpayer-funded equipment, the Taliban is one of the top 10  best equipped militaries in the world.   Over 44,000 military vehicles were left behind, nearly a half a  million guns left behind, 33 Black Hawk helicopters left behind. All  are now in the hands of our enemy. And we are fooling ourselves if we  think they are not going to use this equipment against us.   Early last week, 10 of my colleagues on the Senate Armed Services  Committee joined me in calling for hearings on the Biden  administration's chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan.   As members of the committee that overseas our Nation's Armed Forces,  we bear a particular responsibility to seek--I mean seek--true and  correct answers. We asked to hear from the Secretary of Defense, Lloyd  Austin; the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Milley; the  commander of U.S. Central Command, General McKenzie; and the last  commander of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, General Miller.   These are our top military leaders who need to be asked the hard  questions, and that is what I and my colleagues intend to do, starting  with why did we give up the most strategic air base in the middle of  Asia, Bagram Airfield? Why did we do that? It makes no sense.   We owe it to our Nation, those who served, their families, and our  allies to preserve the records of how our time in Afghanistan ended.  For every people we and members of the Armed Services Committee  represent here in Congress, this is the biggest issue facing our  military since Vietnam. Those who have given so much to this cause are  demoralized and disheartened. I have talked to hundreds of them in the  last couple of weeks.   Al-Qaida didn't defeat our military. The Taliban didn't defeat our  military. The complexities of rebuilding a country did not beat our  military. This administration in Washington, DC, defeated our troops.   Never in American history have we seen a Commander in Chief leave  Americans behind enemy lines. It is unheard of, unheard of in the  history of this country. I cannot think of a single fighting man or  woman who would leave an American behind. It does not make sense. That  is why they fight. That is why our military fight. We do not leave  people behind. But they were ordered to leave by our Commander in  Chief.   To those soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, guardsmen who served in  Afghanistan, I promise you this: We will get answers from this  administration.   If you are a member of the military or you have served our Nation and  you have questions, I hope you will reach out to my office. I am ready  to be your voice. I am ready to fight with you for your answers and  accountability. I want to thank Chairman Reed and Ranking Member Inhofe  for scheduling hearings so that we can do just that in the next few  weeks.    On September 11, America said: ``Never forget.'' Thousands upon  thousands of Americans have taken that rally cry to the enemy. To them  I say: America has not forgotten. We will never forget. We will answer  the fight, and we will fight for these answers.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   