 Mr. President, right now, I just want to speak about  the motion to discharge as opposed to whether people should vote for or  against Gupta.   I am opposed to this effort to discharge Gupta from the Judiciary  Committee. In fact, it is not properly in order. In theory, we are  moving this nomination because it failed in Committee by an even, tie  vote. But that vote should never have been called, and it was improper  when it was.   Under the committee rules, members have a right to unlimited debate.  This can only be stopped either by a bipartisan vote to end debate  under the rules or by a vote of the majority of the committee to set a  time certain to vote under precedent. Because Republicans at Ms.  Gupta's markup wanted  [[Page S1959]]  to talk, there couldn't have been a bipartisan vote to end debate. In  fact, some, like my colleagues from North Carolina, didn't have a  chance to speak and were still waiting their turn. And because the  Democrats don't have a majority in the committee, they couldn't have  set a time certain.   Under the rules and precedents of the committee, then, they had to  let Republicans talk, and if it took more than one markup, so be it.  The Democrats did this talkathon when I was chairman. During our second  markup of 2017, in order to delay Senator Sessions' nomination to be  Attorney General, Democrats filibustered in the Judiciary Committee.  When it happened, I didn't interrupt anyone or break any rules. I  simply continued the markup the next day, checking to see who would  want to be recognized and for how long.   The fact is that the Democrats frequently used these filibuster  tactics against us over the past 4 years. We simply dealt with them  from a position of confidence in the rules and precedents of our  committee. Sometimes being chairman and moving nominees takes hard  work, but we did the job we needed to do.   That is not what happened in the discussion of Gupta. Instead, my  colleague from Arkansas was interrupted and the roll was called while  he was still speaking.   This was not the power of the majority being used. It was the power  of the chairman. What is the point of having rules if you can just  ignore them--just ignore them when you find yourself dealing with an  unfamiliar situation.   So I don't think the even vote--the tie vote--in committee even  properly happened. As far as I am concerned, Senator Cotton had the  floor. That rollcall vote was illegitimate under committee rules, and  so the one that we are going to have in the Senate this afternoon is  just as illegitimate.   And why did the Chairman scrap the committee rules for this nominee?  This isn't a Supreme Court nomination. The nominee is a sub-Cabinet  official at the Justice Department. So I have to wonder why. I think it  is because the Democrats know how really powerful she will be in the  Justice Department   As Judge Garland told us during his hearing, he didn't pick Ms.  Gupta. He only got to know her after they were both picked. That is  quite a position for a subordinate to be in.   The late Congressman Dingell famously said this--and I will clean it  up a bit: ``You let me write the precedent, and I'll [beat] . . . you  every time.''   The Judiciary Committee has done him one better: Now there is no  procedure.   If the rules are not respected, the Senate is an institution that  loses every time.   I urge my colleagues to vote no and protect the traditions of the  body.   