 Madam Speaker, I oppose political violence in all forms,  regardless of the politics of the target.   I am no expert on Japanese anime, but I am told, and I do believe,  that it is not real. What is real is the crisis on our border, the  inflation crushing American families, unvetted Afghans in our country.  What is definitely real is the violence that burned our cities and  harmed our businesses in the summer of 2020, often encouraged by  Democrats in Congress.   Anime is fiction to the point of the absurd. It is not really my  thing, and it does glorify violence, but often to symbolize conflict,  not realistic harm to another person.   In the last session week we had, we reviewed Steve Bannon's podcast.  Today, we are critiquing Paul Gosar's anime. Next week, we might be  indicting Wile E. Coyote for an explosive ordnance against Road Runner.   If you don't like Paul Gosar's tweets, tweet back at him. We know  there are plenty of folks in Big Tech who will amplify your message.   The gentlewoman from Pennsylvania gave the game away. This really  isn't about a tweet. It is about removing a powerful conservative, Paul  Gosar, from the Committee on Oversight and Reform. It is about  characterizing conservatives as threats to the country, dangerous,  because despite the majority's references to the Biden infrastructure  bill, they have received no bump from it. The American people are not  really into the infrastructure bill, and so we are here reviewing mean  tweets.   All of us in Congress--I shouldn't say all of us. Some of us have  regretted things we have tweeted. I know I have. When we say uncouth  things, we should resolve that. Congressman Gosar removed the tweet,  and I hope he regrets it.    Madam Speaker, I would say I have regretted things I have  tweeted. I hope that people who tweeted in support of violence in the  summer of 2020 regret those tweets. I am not sure if they do or not.  [[Page H6332]]    I would just suggest we have better things to do on the floor of the  House of Representatives than be the hall monitors for Twitter.   If we got a thousand Americans, in almost any district in America,  and asked what was troubling them, I don't know that we would find two  in any district that would put Paul Gosar on the list of things that  matter to them more than the issues that they face at their kitchen  table.   