 Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, about a month ago, 3 weeks ago, I suspended my  social media accounts, my personal social media accounts. I did so  because social media is pretty much consuming the way we govern.   And I will just say, why are we governing by sound bite? Why are we  governing by looking back at what somebody said on Twitter or Facebook?   This is a body that is called under the Constitution to meet on the  floor of the United States House of Representatives--not by proxy, by  the  [[Page H352]]  way--and to sit here and debate, and to debate the important issues of  the day.   A few weeks ago, I was proud to stand with my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to condemn what occurred on January 6. I joined with  some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to disagree on the  issue of objections.   And then to have a Member on the other side of the aisle attack my  former boss and friend, Senator Ted Cruz, and basically accuse him of  being an attempted murderer? I asked that that statement be stricken  and there be an apology for it. I didn't ask that somebody be stripped  from their committeeships. I didn't ask that they be censured. I tried  to engage with that colleague--have and will. And then this last  weekend, I had a statement directed at me, accusing me of the worst  kind of horrific act.   Where is this body going to go, ladies and gentlemen? Now, we are  here in the first few weeks of this Congress attacking a freshman  Member, who is addressing the concerns of statements that I take issue  with, that a number of my colleagues on this side of the aisle take  issue with, and you are going to unilaterally strip her of a committee  assignment.   This is not the people's House anymore. I made this statement  yesterday on the budget reconciliation.   I had a great conversation with the distinguished majority leader  today about our need to restore regular order. And I would just ask my  colleagues that we remove this.   I made a motion to adjourn because we shouldn't be wasting the time  of this body attacking a Member of this body. This will not end well.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for leading this  effort. It is so critically important, obviously, to my great home  State of Texas, but also to so many States particularly out West and,  let's be honest, to all 50 States of the Union. This is so fundamental  to who we are as Americans.   Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are  attacking the very natural resources and the very great strength that  the United States of America has to set us apart from the rest of the  world to be independent. We were blessed by the good Lord with  unbelievable resources, resources that we can use for the betterment of  mankind--our own people, the people in this country--for jobs, for  affordable energy, and for prosperity, and to lead the world doing  that.   Unfortunately, we are seeing a massive attack literally in the first  few weeks of the new administration: 28 executive orders. A huge number  of which are obviously targeted at oil and natural gas, targeted at the  lifeblood of our energy in this country.   Madam Speaker, look at what we have been able to do with clean- burning natural gas as a result of fracking. We have CO2  levels that are down at 1990 levels. We have vastly exceeded what my  leftist friends on the other side of the aisle want to follow, the  social welfare state of Europeans down the road of fancy gatherings in  Davos, and they fly in their expensive jets to go preach to the world  about global warming.   Spare me your preaching as you are riding around in these jets  spewing out CO2 when we, through innovation in the great  State of Texas and in our country, are creating clean-burning natural  gas. We are creating jobs powering the world.   And now the Democrat administration wants to come in and destroy  jobs, destroy our leadership in the world, turn us over to Russia and  Iran, and, oh, by the way, empower China to roll  [[Page H371]]  right over us while they spew out whatever they want to spew out  because darn if they are going to actually do anything like agree to  whatever is in the Paris Agreement.   It is an absolute joke. It is a laughingstock what the Democratic  Party is doing, saying they are standing up for the little guy in this  country when they are going to drive up the price of energy, increase  CO2, empower China, empower Iran, empower Russia, and harm  jobs. They are going to kill hundreds of thousands of jobs in this  country even as we are coming out of the negative effect of the  pandemic.   We have an expression in Texas: Come and take it. It goes back to our  history, our founding as a republic in Texas and Gonzalez, when Santa  Anna wanted his cannon back, and we said: Come and take it.   Well, my message to my Democratic colleagues is: We are going to  drill and we are going to frack. Texas is going to continue to lead the  world.   And to my Democratic colleagues: Come and take it.   We are going to stand up for this world being able to flourish. Not  just America, not just Texas, but the world. We are exporting liquified  natural gas around the world, making the world better.   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so concerned  about CO2, why would they undermine the very energy policies  that are giving us the ability to drive the CO2 level down?   It makes absolutely no sense.   So I would just say to the gentleman, I greatly appreciate his giving  us the opportunity here to highlight this. But this is just the  beginning to my friends on the other side of the aisle.   You roll in here with a new administration, roll in here thinking  that we are going to just fundamentally alter our entire economy  through executive order?   We are going to say. No. We are going to say, Come and take it. That  is what we are doing. That is what I am here to say.   