 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, on February 1, Burma's military seized power yet  again, ending 5 years of a flawed, but hopeful, democracy, and dragging  Burma back into brutal military rule. Since that day, the world has  watched horrified as pro-democracy protestors are met with brutal  violence in the streets.   The Burmese military has used communications blackouts, curfews, and  mass detentions to stifle opposition. They have used live ammunition  against peaceful protestors. Hundreds have been killed and thousands  detained. At the same time, the lead opposition to the Burmese  military, the National League for Democracy, is facing further  repression. NLD members have been rounded up and charged with baseless  crimes, including NLD's leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.   Madam Speaker, that is why I am asking my colleagues to join me today  in supporting this resolution. I really want to thank the chairman and  Mr. Connolly of Virginia for bringing this bill forward, to make it  clear that the United States of America condemns this coup. It  encourages engagement with southeast nations to promote Burma's return  to democracy.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Tenney).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, Members across the aisle share the same concerns about  Burma's military coup, and the brutal human rights violations it has  caused. This bill ensures that the United States of America's  condemnation of this coup is a matter of record, and it asks the  administration to report to Congress on this critical issue.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the House has always come together to condemn human  rights violations around the world, whether it is in Rwanda or  Xinjiang; or as we discuss here today, in Burma.   Only 3 years ago, the House overwhelmingly passed Mr. Chabot's  resolution to label the Burmese military's crimes against the Rohingya  Muslim population as genocide.   Unfortunately, we are once again facing shocking violence in Burma as  a pro-democracy movement pushes back against the recent military coup.  Hundreds are reported dead, with many more injured. And more than 2,000  people have been arrested, simply for peacefully asking for freedom.  America cannot stand idly and silently by while atrocities like this  happen.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  resolution. With over 60 Republican and Democrat cosponsors, this  resolution, and this issue, is truly bipartisan. I want to thank Mr.  Levin for introducing this resolution.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Burchett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, the Burmese military is using brutal violence to drag  Burma back into repression and isolation. We should condemn this coup  with one united voice as the United States of America through its  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   