 Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss  what anybody ought to discuss with a heavy heart because when it comes  to fighting drug abuse, the United States seems to be losing.   Over 100,000 Americans have died from drug overdoses in the last year  alone. These casualties could have been prevented by better drug  prevention, treatment, and intervention, but the brunt of this epidemic  is due to drug trafficking organizations. Cartels fuel the flames of  drug abuse, often using violence and causing devastating loss of life.   Drug traffickers lace street drugs with fentanyl, making deadly drugs  even more lethal. And, of course, we all know that most or all of that  fentanyl comes from China. China is winning a war, killing Americans  through drug overuse, without even firing a shot.   Of course, drug traffickers are not slowing down. In June of this  year alone, Customs and Border Protection agents seized over 1,000  pounds of fentanyl. This could kill two-thirds of the population of the  United States.   The boots-on-the-ground agents seize these drugs before they reach  us, but what they find, what they seize, is a fraction of what comes  into the United States. In my home State of Iowa, agents from the Drug  Enforcement Administration seized more lethal doses  [[Page S8946]]  of fentanyl in 2020 than there were people within the State. This means  the Drug Enforcement Administration seized enough fentanyl to kill  everyone in Iowa.   Our law enforcement officers are critical to the fight against  illicit drugs.   Now, listen. In the last year or two, law enforcement has been  subject to terrible abuse, but these brave men and women don't do just  great things; they also do good--good for our country and good in  protecting our people. The brave members of State and local law  enforcement--you know, like the police, like the sheriffs, like the  correctional officers, as well as our Federal officers--deserve honor  and respect. They put their lives on the line to ensure that we are all  safe.   When tragedy strikes, we feel the loss of our fiercest defenders. In  fact, according to the FBI, the rate of officers killed in the line of  duty is up. As of last month, 59 members of law enforcement were killed  in 2021. At this point in 2020, the number was 39, and that was still  an uptick from years prior. This trend is a grim reminder of the  bravery, the courage, and the valor each law enforcement officer has  when they go to work.   DEA Agent Mike Garbo was one of our most recent casualties in the  fight against the illicit drug trade. He was conducting a routine check  on an Amtrak train in Arizona when two drug traffickers ambushed him  and his fellow DEA agents with gunfire, and of course Agent Garbo was  killed.   Agent Garbo was a committed law enforcement person, committed to a  career of public service generally and law enforcement specifically. He  served as a police officer in Nashville for nearly 12 years before he  joined the Drug Enforcement Administration. He served the DEA honorably  for more than 16 years, combating drug traffickers all over the globe,  from our southwest border all the way to Afghanistan.   This tragedy reminds us in Washington, here, that our work to stop  the flow of illicit drugs and to combat drug-related crime isn't over.  I support being tough on deadly drugs like fentanyl substances by  pushing for permanently scheduling all fentanyl analogs, and I am  leading a bipartisan effort to proactively control synthetic analogs  and address the heightened threats of methamphetamine.   Being pro-active in the fight against illicit, deadly drugs is  critical for multiple reasons.   First, we want to make sure it is harder for drug traffickers to  bring drugs into our Nation and to fuel the addiction crisis, but we  also need to make it harder for drug traffickers to feel emboldened in  lawlessness and to kill law enforcement people like Mike Garbo.   It is time for us to stop sharing stories about tragedies, and,  instead, we need to rewrite the story of our future as a nation. I urge  my colleagues to act for the betterment of all Americans and join me in  the fight against the illicit drug trade, particularly the scheduling  of fentanyl and its analogs.   Most importantly, we must all--and I do--thank Agent Garbo and his  family for putting his life on the line to protect his fellow  countrymen. His sacrifice is, sadly, much too common, but it doesn't  make it any less powerful and tragic. We will continue to honor this  man and those who follow in his footsteps as we fight the spread of  illicit, deadly drugs.   