 Most Americans remember that horrifying day 5 years ago. I  certainly do. I remember it was a morning, and I started getting text  messages that something horrifying had happened in our home State. As  we turned on the news, we could see that it already had been the  deadliest attack on American soil since September 11 of 2001.   And the full horror of that day, of that night, came into focus, as I  remember jumping in my truck and driving 3 hours to be on the scene.  And it would be a few more days, or a few more hours, before we learned  that it was an attack that was inspired by an ideology of hatred by an  individual inspired by--who had pledged allegiance to a foreign  terrorist organization, and in that context appeared there on that  evening. It was an evening of tragedy.   It was, as Senator Scott mentioned, Latin night at the Pulse  nightclub. This was a well-known nightclub in the LGBTQ community in  Central Florida. And one would think no one should ever be--the last  thing someone is worried about when they go out for a night with their  friends is that they are going to be attacked by a radical jihadist  terrorist in the United States.   We had seen similar attacks in London and France. And the realization  that that could happen in Florida, just down the street from a small  business furniture store whose owners I had gotten to know shook  everyone, shook me.   Like most terrorist attacks, it sought not only to bring death but  division and fear, to terrorize; and, clearly, there is a tremendous  amount of pain that 5 years later is still there.   But from it, what also occurred was that it brought Floridians  together, particularly those in Central Florida--first, hand in hand to  grieve and then to preserve the memory of those whose lives were lost.  The outpouring of love and support came not only from Florida but from  Americans from all across the United States who shared in our grief and  drew inspiration from the State's resilience.   Five years later, the process of mourning continues. The process of  remembrance continues, but so, too, is Orlando as united as it was 5  years ago. It is a reminder to us that even with  [[Page S4013]]  all the challenges and threats we face, the threat of a radical,  hateful ideology that can inspire people living here to take such  horrifying actions, is something we should remain vigilant about.   And I want to thank my colleague Senator Scott for allowing me to  partner with him on this resolution to remember not just that tragic  day and to support the national Pulse Memorial but also to extend our  continued condolences to those who suffered so greatly on that evening  and to remind a nation of how we must remain vigilant against those who  seek to terrorize   