 Madam President, I rise to share my objections to the  nomination of Xavier Becerra to be Secretary of Health and Human  Services.  [[Page S1591]]    With $1.3 trillion of spending in Health and Human Services, that  Department has the largest budget of the entire executive branch. In  fact, if we were to compare the budget--the budget of HHS to other  nation's GDPs--HHS, in fact, would rank among the top 10 in the world.  The size of this Department is significant, and the responsibility is  even greater.   Whoever oversees this Department has a big impact on our country, our  economy, and the lives of all Americans, including those of the unborn.  This is exactly why I am deeply concerned with President Biden's pick  of Attorney General Xavier Becerra to lead HHS. Mr. Becerra has spent  his career propagating far-left ideology and supporting divisive  policies that don't resonate with the majority of Americans.   The Secretary of HHS has massive authority to steer the future of  healthcare in our country, and someone who has made a career out of  defending the abortion industry and promoting other liberal policies,  like free healthcare for illegal immigrants, should not be at the helm  of this Department.   I am concerned that Attorney General Becerra will use the power of  this Agency to overstep and impose his radical liberal agenda on  millions of Americans. This administration decidedly, intentionally,  chose a nominee who has repeatedly attacked the religious freedoms of  so many Americans, a nominee who has aggressively pushed a very pro- abortion agenda, a nominee who supports a complete takeover by the  government of our healthcare, a nominee who advocates for illegal  immigrants to receive taxpayer-funded healthcare.   How do these qualities make Attorney General Becerra the right person  to head Health and Human Services? It just doesn't make sense to so  many in our country. It is just another sign that this, unfortunately,  is a far-left administration that is outside the mainstream.   Especially now, during a pandemic, it is critical that all Americans  can trust whoever holds this position. It is critical that the leader  of this massive Department will operate as a good steward of Federal  health programs and not use his post to impose a government takeover of  healthcare and to eradicate job-based coverage for millions of  Americans.   Xavier Becerra is, unfortunately, not that person. He has built his  career defending some of the very most extreme stances in our society,  and we can expect that he will only take things further at HHS.   When it comes to abortion, Attorney General Becerra doesn't believe  there should be any restrictions--not one. In fact, I had the chance to  ask Mr. Becerra some questions a couple of weeks ago at a hearing. I  asked if he would support a ban on the lethal discrimination of babies  diagnosed with Down syndrome, or, perhaps, what about banning sex- selective abortions, or, at least, a ban on partial birth abortions.  His refusal to answer spoke volumes. His inability to name even one  restriction that he might think about putting on abortion is chilling.   Mr. Becerra's views on abortion even go a step further. He has  repeatedly bullied and harassed Americans who respect the sanctity of  life, like the Little Sisters of the Poor. This order of nuns has  dedicated their lives to serving the less fortunate, and under their  Catholic faith, they do not believe in providing abortions or  contraceptives.   Attorney General Becerra litigated against these nuns in court and  attempted to revoke an exemption that protects religious groups from  providing contraceptives, and that goes against their religious  beliefs. He has literally sued to impose crippling fines on Catholic  nuns for remaining true to their religious believes--crippling fines on  nuns--a horrendous attack on Americans' constitutional right to  religious freedom.   He has stated that crossing the border illegally should be  decriminalized. Let me say that again. He has stated that crossing the  border illegally should be decriminalized. No wonder we are seeing a  crisis on our southern border. He has repeatedly pushed for illegal  immigrants to receive health benefits on the taxpayers' dime.   As we are seeing Biden's border crisis play out, it is even more  alarming that one of his nominees would seek to incentivize illegal  border crossings even more. I guess you could say this is all part of  Biden's ``America Last'' agenda, but as Secretary of Health and Human  Services, Xavier Becerra would have the massive ability to impose a  pro-abortion, anti-religious freedom, socialist healthcare agenda. His  nomination highlights just how extreme--sadly, how extreme--the Biden  administration really is. These views fail to represent the majority of  Americans and have no place at the head of the largest Department of  our executive branch.   I urge my colleagues to consider the impact that Mr. Becerra would  have as the head of Health and Human Services and to vote against his  confirmation. Rather, we must stand up for life, for religious freedom,  an ``America First'' agenda and against Mr. Becerra's nomination.   I yield the floor.   