 Madam Speaker, while America and Congress' attention has  been diverted from the real issues, we have seen something over the  last couple of weeks that is going to compromise American security in  three ways.   One is national security; two, our economic security; and most  important for millions of Americans, their job security.   First came the White House decision to shred the Keystone pipeline  permit, a slap in the face to our friends in Canada and a pink slip for  countless Americans who rely on the strategic energy security project  for their livelihoods.   But you know what may have happened, most importantly? With a stroke  of a pen, a contract was eliminated. Can other countries trust America  anymore? Can Americans trust our President and our executive branch  when, at a stroke of a pen, they unilaterally say that contract is null  and void?   Then came the moratorium on Federal oil and gas leases, the prospect  of a long-term drilling ban on public lands, and even steps to halt  energy projects on private land.   The White House has also pushed the U.S. back into the U.N.'s Paris  climate treaty, subjecting American interests to the whim of  international bureaucrats. By the way, the English were smart enough to  get out of one of those agreements. They called it Brexit.   These things will kill family-wage American jobs that can't be  outsourced, raising prices at the pump and draining trillions of  dollars from the U.S. economy. All of this was done with a stroke of a  pen, without approval from Congress, and the ramifications will be  disastrous.   Madam Speaker, when it comes to national security, it is no  coincidence that we have seen peace break out in the Middle East over  the last few years. The diplomatic achievements of the Trump  administration in that troubled region are a result, in part, of  policies that have made American energy dominance a reality. We gained  the upper hand when we began producing more petroleum and became energy  independent in America. By turning back the clock on these historic  gains, the new administration is putting more American lives and  treasure at risk.   Closer to home, the economic costs will also be dire. The  cancellation of the Keystone pipeline and new energy restrictions have  put Wisconsin jobs on the chopping block, including more than 2,000  jobs at Michels and Precision Pipeline, two fine American companies and  Wisconsin companies. These companies will not be the only victims of  the Biden administration's great leap backward.   Thousands of downstream companies provide support services to  pipeline firms, businesses like parts suppliers, steelworkers, fracking  sand mine operators, and even restaurants, taverns, and other Main  Street businesses that count energy industry workers among their  customers. All of these businesses are in the crosshairs for another  economic hit, this one inflicted by their own government in Washington,  not a pandemic in Wuhan.  [[Page H369]]    Even more galling was the administration's glib response that these  hardworking Americans should simply suck it up and find better jobs. Is  that what unity looks like, Madam Speaker?   By taking aim at Americans who work in oil and gas, the Biden  administration will cripple a key stream of revenues for State and  local governments, funding that they rely on to pay for schools, road  repairs, first responders, and public health services. In Wisconsin  alone, the loss of revenue associated with the cancellation of Keystone  is estimated to hit $3 billion.   I would like to emphasize, while we are here with the chair of the  Western Caucus and hearing from Members from the west side of  Mississippi--Wisconsin is on the east side of the Mississippi--it is  Eastern States that are going to be hit with this equally hard,  including the States of Ohio and Pennsylvania.   While people in our communities are struggling to pay their bills and  find work, this administration is killing jobs and making their lives  more expensive.   While those on the other side are pushing a $350 billion State  bailout, the White House is choking off their revenues.   While our Nation faces rising threats from foreign adversaries, the  other side is taking active steps that will make America less safe,  less secure, and less self-reliant.   American workers are tired of being lectured about carbon emissions  by people who fly around the world on private jets, like President  Biden's climate czar, who admitted that even if U.S. emissions dropped  to zero, it would make no difference because 90 percent of  CO2 comes from other countries. In fact, a third of the  total global emissions come from China.   The bottom line is that access to affordable, abundant, and reliable  energy is essential to a dynamic economy supporting millions of good  Made in the USA jobs in American manufacturing.    Madam Speaker, when the White House attacks homegrown energy jobs for  purely political gain, China wins and America loses.   