 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am a proud sponsor of this bill, the Preventing  Disaster Revictimization Act.   In 2018, Congress made the recovery process fairer and more equitable  for communities when we passed important reforms to the disaster  preparation and recovery processes. This bill builds upon those efforts  by ensuring that funds spent by disaster victims aren't clawed back by  the government.   When victims apply--and this is in good faith, mind you--when victims  apply for assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and  receive it from the agency, those individuals likely need to move  quickly to use that assistance for eligible expenses like home repairs  to speed up  [[Page H2768]]  recovery and to begin rebuilding their lives, for obvious reasons. So,  these victims should never expect that FEMA is going to come back  weeks, months, and sometimes even years later and say: Oops, we made a  mistake. Now you, the victim, are going to have to give back those  funds that you have already put to good use.   To add insult to injury, FEMA's information on how disaster victims  can appeal these decisions is incredibly confusing, and it is  absolutely insufficient.   Remember, this is due to no fault of their own, but many disaster  victims are faced with debt collectors and the full force of the  Federal Government when it comes to repaying these funds.   This is absolutely unacceptable. People acting in good faith to  rebuild should not be revictimized after they have properly relied upon  FEMA's determination that they were qualified for the assistance that  they did receive.   This bill, H.R. 539, is going to clarify that if FEMA makes an error,  and there is no evidence of fraud, then the victim will not be  revictimized. Their debt is automatically viewed as a hardship, and it  is waived.   In addition, the bill would also require FEMA to report back to  Congress, to us, on its error rates and tell us what they are doing to  be more accurate.   Last Congress, this bill passed on the House floor and had bipartisan  support. This Congress, the bill now has a companion version in the  Senate, and I hope that we can see this legislation enacted into law  this year and truly help disaster victims not only in my district but  also across the Nation.   Madam Speaker, I encourage support for this bill. It is a good bill,  and people don't need to be revictimized.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 468, which is the Expedited  Delivery of Airport Infrastructure Act of 2021, and I want to thank  Aviation Subcommittee Ranking Member Garret Graves for cosponsoring the  bill.   H.R. 468 provides airports with some commonsense tools to incentivize  the early completion of airport projects using AIP funds, or Airport  Improvement Program funds.   Under this bill, the use of AIP funds for incentive payments is left  to the discretion of the airport operator, but the benefits of  incentive payments are already well-known in the surface transportation  sector.   This bill is going to allow airports to expedite the delivery of  airport projects, take better advantage of short construction seasons,  relieve operational disruptions that result from such projects and,  obviously, save the taxpayer money.   This is a commonsense practice that is utilized in so many other  Federal infrastructure projects and it does not increase Federal  spending.   H.R. 468 is supported by the American Association of Airport  Executives, the Airports Council International, and the Associated  General Contractors of America.   This bill was introduced in Congress last year. It passed the House  under suspension of the rules, and it was done by voice vote. I am  hopeful that we can get this commonsense bill across the finish line  this Congress. I would very much urge support of the legislation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), the ranking  member of the Aviation Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I  yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this is commonsense legislation. It doesn't cost the  government any money. And the fact of the matter is, it is already  being done in so many other areas of transportation projects.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   