 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman for yielding. I  appreciate it very much.   I want to speak today about the 47th anniversary of the Turkish  invasion and occupation of the tiny island of Cyprus. For the last 47  years, Turkish troops have occupied the north of that island which is a  direct violation of human rights. They have taken that opportunity to  engage in disruption and desecration of cultural and religious sites.   Today, President Erdogan of Turkey visited Cyprus on this day, the  47th anniversary of the Turkish occupation.   Why did he come?   Was it to negotiate in good faith for a solution to the division of  the island?   No.   Did he come to apologize for the continued occupation of the island?   No.   He came to announce the reopening of the beach town of Varosha in  direct contravention of the United Nations Security Council Resolution  550 which ``considers attempts to settle any part of Varosha by people  other than its inhabitants as inadmissible.''   Varosha was a once-bustling resort town. It was an international  tourist destination in the Famagusta district of the Republic of  Cyprus. But with the advance of Turkey's invading forces to the town in  August of 1974, Varosha's native Greek Cypriot population fled for  their lives.   Erdogan's visit is a cynical and shameful act designed to mock the  rightful inhabitants of Varosha and to advance Turkey's agenda of  dividing Cypress into two separate states instead of pursuing a  bizonal, bicommunal federation that all parties of good faith have  endorsed.   I urge the Biden administration to use all means at its disposal to  resist Turkey's creeping partition of Cyprus and to bring international  condemnation to these outrageous steps that President Erdogan is taking  which disrespect and violate the rights and human dignity of the  refugees of Varosha.   One day Cyprus will be reunited, but that can only come with the  forceful leadership of the American Government, deployed consistently,  morally, and with an abiding sense of justice.   I want to thank the Congresswoman for yielding to me so I could  address an important issue of human rights, and I want to thank her for  her incredible work over decades and certainly during her service here  in Congress to make sure that in this country we are recognizing human  rights and the dignity of every individual. I want to thank her for her  leadership on H.R. 40, this very, very important commission, and thank  her for being part of the conscience of this Congress.   