 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a number of our colleagues in both  parties worked through the weekend to finalize their draft agreement on  a major bill for our Nation's infrastructure. I want to thank the  Senators who worked hard and long to get this effort this far already.   I am confident that out of the 100 of us who serve in this body, 100  will be able to find parts of the legislation that we wish were  different. But I believe our colleagues' draft text provides a good and  important jumping-off point for what needs to be a robust and  bipartisan process out here on the floor.   Infrastructure is exactly the kind of subject that Congress should be  able to address across the aisle. Roads, bridges, waterways, airports-- these things are not luxuries for the greatest Nation in world history.  They are necessities.   Necessarily, legislation like this will be big and complex. It will  necessarily affect all 50 States. That is why, while I salute the hard  work of our colleagues who produced the base text that is now before  us, their conversations can't be the Senate's last word. Senators on  both sides expect and deserve opportunities to have a say and to put  their own State's imprints on this major bill.   Just as infrastructure itself is not a luxury but a necessity, the  same goes for the Senate having a robust and bipartisan amendment  process on legislation of this magnitude.   Our full consideration of this bill must not be choked off by any  artificial timetable that our Democratic colleagues may have penciled  out for political purposes. Our bipartisan negotiators have already  been taking this task very seriously. The American people need the  Senate to continue taking it seriously, as well.   On another matter, this bipartisan work on infrastructure just  reinforces the recklessness of the purely partisan taxing-and-spending  spree the Democrats want to ram through next.   Even before we get to this week, there is ample evidence the Senate  is fully capable of passing policies that are actually smart, that  actually make things better for American families, and to do so with  bipartisan majorities. A year and a half ago, the Senate turned a blank  sheet of paper into the CARES Act that saved our healthcare system,  saved our economy, and poured money into Operation Warp Speed to help  unlock vaccines in record time--overwhelming bipartisan support.   A year ago, we passed the Great American Outdoors Act, a historic  investment in our Nation's national parks and national treasures-- another very large bipartisan vote. Last December, there was yet  another bipartisan COVID rescue package, and just a few months ago,  Senators once again compromised and passed a big bipartisan bill  addressing American competitiveness versus China.   There is nothing stopping policies from earning bipartisan support  here in the Senate, when they deserve it. Bills that deserve to pass  the Chamber are not having a hard time passing.   So the fact that our Democratic colleagues will immediately pivot to  a staggering, reckless, tax-and-spend spree that will not earn a single  Republican vote, well, that tells Americans everything they need to  know.   This 50-50 Senate, a very narrowly divided House, and a President who  promised unity and togetherness have decided they want to respond to an  environment of uncertainty and inflation with a sprawling $3.5 trillion  socialist shopping list and a huge set of painful tax hikes. That is  their plan. Our friend and colleague, the junior Senator from Vermont,  may not have won the Democratic Presidential nomination, but his  ideology sure has won the war.   So, in the next few days, the Democratic leader says they will start  the process of ramming through this awful, awful package. They want to  respond to a border crisis with amnesty. They want to respond to  runaway inflation and soaring costs for families with even more  reckless spending, printing, and borrowing. They want to respond to a  growing worker shortage by turning a tax credit for working parents  into permanent welfare with no work requirement. They want to respond  to an uneasy economic recovery with massive tax hikes and a whole  catalog of Green New Deal mandates and regulations so Washington  bureaucrats can run the country.   So, if what Senate Democrats are planning to do next were a good  idea, it would read like one; and it would smell like one; and it  wouldn't require a hyperpartisan high-wire act from Senate Democrats to  pull it off.   