 I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from West  Virginia and I both be allowed to complete our remarks before moving to  the rollcall vote.    Mr. President, when Governor Granholm came before the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee for her nomination hearing, she  said she was committed to American energy dominance. She stated she  understood the importance of having a broad energy mix and supporting  energy innovation.   Now, I asked her if it was a good thing that the United States is the  world's leading producer of oil and natural gas, and she said it was. I  asked her if low energy prices and high-paying American energy jobs  were good things, and she agreed that they were. And when I asked her  if America exporting its energy influence around the globe was a good  thing, she again affirmed that it was. She has demonstrated that she is  dedicated to supporting carbon capture, nuclear power, and American  uranium production.   For these reasons, she cleared our committee with broad bipartisan  support and will soon be confirmed by the Senate. I expect we will work  together closely on these efforts when she leads the Department of  Energy.   During her nomination hearing, Governor Granholm also said that she  didn't want to see anyone lose their job or get left behind. Yet this  is exactly what the Biden administration is doing to thousands of  American energy workers.   On Inauguration Day, the President spoke of unity and bringing our  Nation back together. Once he arrived at the White House, however, he  threw that rhetoric out the window, picked up his pen, and started  signing radical Executive orders.   His orders to ban oil, gas, and coal leasing on Federal lands and to  kill the Keystone XL Pipeline will throw thousands of Americans out of  work. These workers' livelihoods are being sacrificed in the name of  the Biden agenda. Leaders in the administration are telling these oil  rig and coal mine and pipeline workers that they can simply get new  jobs building solar panels.   Actually, John Kerry said that the Biden administration policies will  give these workers better choices. In 2019, the average salary of a  solar panel technician was about $30,000 a year less than the average  salary of a worker in the gas, oil, and coal industry. So John Kerry  flies around the world, private jet, but is asking American energy  workers to each take $30,000 a year less in income. And that is if  these green energy jobs even exist.   To that point, the Washington Post Fact Checker took a look at what  John Kerry had said, and they said he was offering ``false hope with a  misleading use of statistics.''   Look, we have heard it all before. When President Biden was Vice  President, the Obama administration promised thousands of green energy  jobs--jobs that never materialized. Millions of taxpayer dollars were  wasted on green energy companies that went belly-up.   Now the ``Solyndra Syndrome'' has returned. The Washington Post Fact  Checker said it expects just a little over 10,000 new wind and solar  jobs over the next 10 years.   In Wyoming alone, the long-term leasing ban would result in 33,000  workers losing their jobs. And where are these Wyoming workers supposed  to go?   Hundreds of thousands more workers are going to lose their jobs in  New Mexico, Colorado, Texas, and other States. How will they provide  for their families?   The Biden ban won't just hurt workers; it is going to hurt kids too.  A long-term leasing ban is going to eliminate hundreds of millions of  dollars in State revenue--the dollars which go for essential services,  for public schools, for roads, bridges, and hospitals. A long-term  leasing ban is going to hurt teachers, students, and the communities  they call home.   America needs all the energy--the oil, the gas, the coal, the  uranium, the  [[Page S878]]  wind, the solar--all of them. Banning fossil fuels will hurt our  economy and force more workers out of work.   President Biden has declared war on American energy and American  energy workers, and I just can't stand by as this administration tries  to crush Wyoming's economy. I can't support an administration that  throws my constituents out of work and hurts the schools and the  hospitals in the communities and the teachers who teach the children.   Energy is a force multiplier. American energy is--America is an  energy superpower. We need to act that way.   President Biden seems to want to pull the plug on American energy  dominance. So I cannot in good conscience vote to approve his nominee  for Secretary of Energy   I yield the floor.   