 Mr. Speaker, I would not be here today as a  United States Congressman were it not for affordable housing and the  opportunity it gave me and my family. So the fight is deeply personal,  and I am honored to stand in the trenches with Chair Waters and Chair  Cleaver as we fight for affordable housing at a critical moment.   We cannot build back better without realizing the vision of housing  as a human right and without realizing the vision of housing as  infrastructure. We cannot build back better without making America  affordable to all Americans. Housing is not an afterthought; housing is  foundational, not only to who we are but to who we become.   We know from the research of Professor Raj Chetty that ZIP Code is  often destiny and that where you live determines your access to  opportunity. It often determines the quality of the schools you attend  and the services you access.   We know that housing is not only foundational but also  intersectional. It intersects with climate. In New York City, we saw  not one, but two record rainfalls. And as our city has become less and  less affordable. More and more Americans are living in illegal basement  apartments that were heavily flooded by the remnants of Hurricane Ida,  and those Americans died at the intersection of the housing crisis and  the climate crisis.   Housing intersects with public health. As our city has become less  and less affordable, more and more New Yorkers and Americans are living  in overcrowded apartments. And we saw those overcrowded homes become  Petri dishes for the spread of COVID-19.   Housing is essential. Housing stabilizes the essential workforce that  stabilizes the rest of us. According to the National Low Income Housing  Coalition, there is not a single county in America where an essential  worker earning minimum wage could afford a two-bedroom apartment, and  there are only 7 out of 3,000 counties where an essential worker  earning minimum wage could afford a one-bedroom apartment. If you are  an essential worker earning the Federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour,  you would have to work 72 hours a week in order to afford a one-bedroom  apartment.    The central cause of my life has been public housing. My mother  taught me that the most important lesson in life is to never forget  where you come from. I come from the Bronx, and I come from public  housing.   In New York City, we have the New York City Housing Authority,  commonly known as NYCHA, which is the largest provider of affordable  housing in the continent of North America, housing a population of  about half a million Americans. Half a million is larger than most  large cities in the United States. If NYCHA were a city unto itself, it  would be the largest city of low-income Black and Brown Americans in  the country.   I feel, Mr. Speaker, that we are on the verge of making history. We  are on the verge of going from FDR's New Deal to LBJ's Great Society to  Joe Biden's Build Back Better. But the fundamental difference between  FDR's New Deal and Joe Biden's Build Back Better is racial equity.  FDR's New Deal was racially exclusionary, and the Build Back Better Act  must be racially equitable.   We cannot build back better without advancing the cause of racial  equity, but we cannot advance the cause of racial equity without  rebuilding NYCHA, without rebuilding America's largest city of low- income Black and Brown Americans. We must rebuild affordable housing.   Infrastructure is about more than roads and bridges. It is about  safe, decent, affordable housing. Safe, decent, affordable housing  represents roads and bridges to the American Dream, and I stand here as  living proof.   