 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Leger  Fernandez.   Let me start by saying what an honor it is to serve with you, and I  think this is our first action on the floor. I am really glad you are  here, and I appreciate your leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight because too many workers across the  country have not received a raise in far too long. They include the  frontline and essential workers who have kept our economy going during  the worst public health crisis in nearly a century. These workers  deserve better pay. That is why we must raise the minimum wage, step- by-step to $15 an hour by 2025, and we have to start doing it right  now.   The Federal minimum wage has been stuck at $7.25 an hour for over a  decade. This is the longest stretch of time that we have not raised the  minimum wage since it was first introduced in 1938.   Mr. Speaker, $7.25 is far too low. That is not an adequate wage for  anyone, regardless of age or occupation. It is a poverty wage which  prevents workers from realizing the American Dream. By gradually  raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour, 27 million low-wage workers  will get a raise--27 million people. We will lift nearly a million  people out of poverty, including a lot of kids. And we will put an  extra $333 billion in the pockets of poor and working-class Americans  and their families over the next decade.   This money will be a lifeline for the working men and women of this  country. It will go towards food. It will go towards rent. It will go  towards shoes, other basic necessities, and that will stimulate local  economies from coast to coast.   Some detractors say this policy will hurt the economy, and that it is  too much too fast. But that is just plain wrong. This proposal raises  the minimum wage responsibly over a period of 5 years. Its effective  date is 3 months after the bill's enactment, giving employers adequate  time to adjust even before the initial increase.   Mr. Speaker, 20 States just raised their minimum wage, going into  this year, 2021. And a total of 30 States--red and blue--now have  minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage. That includes my  home State of Michigan, which raised its minimum wage in 2018 and  currently has a minimum wage of $9.65. So the first increase under this  bill won't even raise wages in Michigan. It is very gradual.    We have not seen the catastrophic predictions of job losses and  higher prices on goods come to pass in States that have raised their  minimum wage. Representative Leger Fernandez just talked about Santa Fe  and her county and her State, but we have a lot of studies showing this  to be true from coast to coast.   Indeed, workers have got more pay to buy groceries, to pay for  prescription drugs, to shop on their local Main Streets. It is time to  make this happen for families in every part of the country.   Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour is a commonsense policy that  every Member should support. It is the right thing to do morally and  practically for the economy, and I am glad that President Biden  included it as part of his American Rescue Plan.   Now, let me talk about how the American people feel about this. If  Congressional Republicans want to oppose this, they are really out of  sync with many of their own voters.   According to a recent poll from Data for Progress, 66 percent of  voters support increasing the Federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. In  addition, 57 percent of voters support using nonstandard Senate  procedures, like the budget reconciliation, to pass this minimum wage  increase.   Mr. Speaker, 20 States just raised their minimum wage, as I said, in  the last year, but let's focus on Florida.   In November of 2020, Florida voted for Donald Trump--I am not  positive of my data here. I think it was by 50.5 percent to 48 percent,  I think President Trump won Florida. Well, guess what? A $15-an-hour  minimum wage clocked Donald Trump. The same Republican voters and  Democratic voters and Independent voters all across Florida who voted  for Donald Trump by a slight margin, voted for a $15-an-hour State-wide  minimum wage by 61 to 39 percent. It was overwhelming.   In the midst of a pandemic that has killed 500,000 Americans and an  economic crisis that has the worst food lines in unemployment since the  Great Depression, corporations have been raking in billions while  workers are earning poverty wages and they are forced to live off food  stamps. That is why so many Americans support this.   Now, what about the argument that $15 an hour is too high?   By 2025, $15 an hour will be the equivalent of $13.62 in 2020  dollars. So it won't even be as high as it appears now, but it will be  the minimum amount that a single adult working full time will need to  earn a living and to cover core basic living expenses.   Now, check this out: Even in the area with the lowest cost of living  in these United States, Beckley, West Virginia, in 2025, a two-parent,  two-child household, in which both parents earn $15 an hour and pay  taxes, will be $360 short each month to cover basic living expenses.  The lowest-cost place in the country, $15 an hour in 2025 won't fully  cover basic living expenses.   Furthermore, if the minimum wage had kept pace with productivity,  with the increased productivity we create by working, since 1968--so  productivity gains from 1968 to today--if the minimum wage had  increased at the same  [[Page H712]]  rate, it would be over $20 an hour today. And we are proposing just $15  an hour.   So, Representative Leger Fernandez, I am so grateful for you bringing  me into this conversation. I feel like this is a question of basic  decency, of basic dignity, of the value of work in this country. Every  person who gets up and goes to work should be able to provide for their  family. And every person, just as you said, should have one job, and  that should be enough. One job should be enough. And by the way, that  includes everybody.   One of the great things about what we are doing is, we are getting  rid of subminimum wages across the board. No subminimums for tip  workers, who are overwhelmingly women and workers of color, no  subminimum wages for workers with a disability.   We have an opportunity here to bring so many people out of poverty,  to give a raise to 27 million people. It is time to do this. We have  got to pass it. The Senate has got to pass it. We have a President  named Joseph R. Biden, who is ready to sign it. Let's go.    Mr. Speaker, let me just mention, the  gentlewoman is so right that it is a floor. One of these arguments that  we hear is, ``We don't want one-size-fits-all,'' right?   Well, first of all, as a labor lawyer, the minimum wage has been one  national wage the whole time since 1938. It is simply a floor of  decency.   And guess what? You already explained how in 2025, it is not very  likely that the minimum wage in Santa Fe, New Mexico, will be $15 an  hour. Because in Santa Fe and San Francisco and Los Angeles and New  York and Denver--and whatever--places all around this country--the odds  are overwhelming that they will have to raise their minimum wage beyond  that.   It is a floor of decency. Let's go. Don't you think? Let's go.   