 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, I am the proud son of immigrants. Growing  up, I heard stories about parties,  [[Page H91]]  politicians, and Presidents invalidating elections when the people took  power for themselves. That is why, when I joined the Marine Corps, the  most sacred part of my oath was to protect the Constitution of the  United States.   I never thought I would have to do that on the floor of Congress, but  here we are. The people have spoken, and the power of the people, the  Constitution, will be preserved.   Madam Speaker, I left my youth, I left my sanity, I left it all in  Iraq for this country because there is this one precious idea that we  all had, that we all believed: that this country was going to protect  everyone's individual rights, that you were going to be able to vote,  that you were going to be able to preserve democracy and pass it on as  a legacy, as an inheritance to every American.   But today--today--there was treason in this House. Today, there were  traitors in this House.   So I am not asking my Republican colleagues to help me and stop this  objection to Arizona; I am asking you to get off all these objections.  It is time for you to save your soul. It is time for you to save your  country.   That man at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue will forget you. He will use you  and he will dump you to the side, but what will be left will be the  stain--the stain--on democracy that you are engaging in right now.   Listen to yourselves. I consider most of you very smart, believe it  or not, but the idea that we would rig an election for the President  but not preserve the congressional seats for all of our friends that we  just lost in the last election is absurd.   The idea that we would help Vice President Biden win but wouldn't  make sure that we got enough Senators in the Senate for us to pass a  full agenda is absurd.   The idea that there was somehow nefarious border registration in  Arizona that tipped the scale when, during that same time of border  registration, there were more registered voters that were Republicans  than Democrats is absurd.   You are better than this. Many of you did serve, many of you have  never served, but there is an opportunity and a time for courage. I  hope you never have to face fire or bullets or bombs for your country,  but right now--right now--this country is asking you to be better.  Right now, this country is asking you to show courage.   That man will leave. Your soul will stay with you for the rest of  your life.   You owe it to democracy. You owe it to the hundreds and thousands of  men and women that have sacrificed their life.   You know better. You are better. Be the good American. Be the  American you want. Preserve this democracy; reject this movement; and  stop this terrorism that is happening from the White House.   