 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the COPS Counseling Act  and thank my friend from Maryland, Mr. Trone for leading this important  bill.   Mr. Speaker, Every day police officers protect our communities with  the uncommon character that's common in police departments. The men and  women in blue proudly protect and serve, braving challenging  circumstances and running toward danger to keep us safe. Both they and  their families feel this stress. I know this firsthand as my father is  a retire NYPD Detective.   As well, in the course of duty, police officers face dangerous and  sometimes traumatic situations. Oftentimes, only a police officer can  truly understand the stress their fellow officers are dealing with.   Peer counseling has proven to be an effective method for officers to  cope with this stress, in fact 73 percent of officers say it's the most  helpful mental health resource available to them. The COPS Counseling  Act ensures more officers can access this important resource and  protects officers' privacy, eliminating the stigma of seeking help.  Police officers do a dangerous and necessary job to protect our  communities. The COPS Counseling Act helps police officers help keep  each other safe so they can keep us all safe. I urge a yes vote.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S.  1502, the COPS Counseling Act of 2021. I was also proud to cosponsor  the House companion to this bill--H.R. 3070--introduced by  Representatives David Trone of Maryland and Guy Reschenthaler of  Pennsylvania.   This bipartisan and bicameral legislation would encourage the  adoption of law enforcement peer counseling programs across the nation  by requiring the U.S. Department of Justice to issue and make publicly  available a report on best practices for such programs. To  [[Page H5948]]  further support their implementation, the bill would also direct the  Department to provide a list of training programs for individuals to  become peer support mentors.   Our law enforcement officers often face challenging and at times  traumatic experiences while performing their duties and keeping our  communities safe. It's critical we ensure they have the necessary level  of support to address these situations, and peer-to-peer counseling can  serve as an effective mental health outlet to share their personal  experiences; access and identify resources; and receive help and  guidance within a trusted network of colleagues.   To ensure peer counseling programs are effective, it's also important  we protect the privacy of those officers seeking mental health  services. That's why I'm pleased the COPS Counseling Act would require  that the information disclosed during peer support counseling sessions  by Federal law enforcement officers is kept confidential, except under  certain circumstances such as threats of physical harm and admission of  criminal activity. This guarantee of privacy will go a long way in  building confidence and encouraging more Federal law enforcement  officers to take advantage of the opportunities provided through these  programs.   Every day, our brave men and women in law enforcement put their lives  on the line to protect our communities. As Members of Congress, we must  redouble our efforts to support them, including through mental health  and counseling services. That's why I support the COPS Counseling Act  and urge my colleagues to do the same.   