 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1395,  and ask that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2  minutes of debate, equally divided.    Mr. President, there is no reason this bill  should include funding for Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, a woefully  mismanaged public railway system that benefits very few Americans.   My amendment redirects this wasteful spending to strengthen many of  the core missions of our military. For the U.S. Coast Guard, that  includes search and rescue, drug and migrant interdiction, cargo and  personnel transport, and maritime stewardship. American taxpayer  dollars are better spent to support this mission and improve the  defense and security of this Nation than to prop up wasteful and  mismanaged transportation systems in New Jersey, New York, and  Massachusetts.   My amendment directs nearly $1 billion to the Coast Guard's Super  Hercules program to continue their procurement of HC-130Js, a top-of- class long range surveillance aircraft which will strengthen our  national defense and border security. I urge my colleagues to join me  in support of this amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a motion to commit at the  desk, and I ask that it be reported.  [[Page S1255]]     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided.    Mr. President, as we can tell, this week,  Washington is completely dysfunctional, and the unwillingness to work  together has caused multiple government shutdowns. If Members of  Congress cannot work together to pass a budget, they should not be  getting paid. It is pretty simple. If we can't do our jobs, we  shouldn't get taxpayer-funded salaries.   My no budget, no pay amendment simply requires Congress to meet  appropriations bills deadlines or forgo their own salaries until the  job is done. This is a simple concept. There is no reason that Members  of Congress should be held to a different standard than American  families and businesses across the Nation. Accountability shouldn't be  controversial. I hope my colleagues will join me in this motion.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   