 Mr. President, I want to thank the two leaders that I  joined, Senators Brown and Bennet, for championing this issue, not just  for this Congress but for years. Before I came to Washington, these two  men were standing up and talking about the moral core of our country.   If you want to see how a nation is doing, don't look at the buildings  we build or at how many billionaires we have. Just look at children.  What is galling me right now is that we have come to the 1-yard line.   We are at an inflection point in our country where we have to ask a  question: Who are we?   My friend Senator Bennet and I have been working with kids well  before we came here. He rattled off data that should be repeated. I say  this is a moral issue, but he has shown us it is an economic issue. We  are the wealthiest Nation on the planet Earth, and of the top 41  countries, we are at 38 in poor kids. What he pointed out is that  poverty costs all of us. It is a deep, self-inflicted wound in this  society, because poverty costs this Nation over $1 trillion as measured  by economists.   But I would state that economists don't measure all the things that  are important. Our GDP does not reflect well-being. It doesn't reflect  how many antidepressants people take or how many child deaths there  are. But the truth of our economy is that every dollar that we invest  in getting children out of poverty returns $8 to this economy. So it is  an economic issue, clearly.   It is a globally competitive issue because in a global, knowledge- based society, the Nation whose children learn the most will earn the  most and will outcompete.   It is a national security issue as we go up against countries like  China, whose top 10 percent of their graduating high school classes  outnumber all the children we have, virtually.   But it is a moral issue most of all. If we are going to create a more  beloved community, how do we treat our children?   Children who live in poverty literally have physical effects. Poverty  is violence. Study after study shows that the brain development of  children in poverty is inhibited, literally--the stress hormones, the  cortisol. It is akin to an adult having a traffic accident every single  day. It is an indicator of childhood trauma.   Poverty is a moral obscenity, and we, the richest Nation on the  planet, where, year after year, our rich are getting richer, our  children are getting poorer--who are we when we pledge allegiance to a  flag and say ``liberty and justice for all''? Who are we?   We don't even know the demographic changes in our country. We have  cities across America where 1 out of every 10 children is being raised  by a grandparent. So here we are discussing childhood poverty, and some  people are talking about work requirements, when we know from the data,  from conservative think tanks to what we see in other nations like  Canada, that things like the child allowance--or in our country, the  child tax credit--increase workforce participation. But if you get rid  of the child tax credit, those grandparents raising grandchildren--half  of them--plunge back into poverty.   The stories are profound.   We heard from my colleague from Colorado. We know families in New  Jersey, like a woman I just saw named Margarita. She used her child tax  credit payments for exactly what so many said they would be used for.  She used them for food for her children, for school supplies, to keep  the electricity running in her house. We have heard  [[Page S6612]]  stories that they are used for a car bill to get people to work. They  are used to pay for childcare that they need for their families so that  they can work. Families are not using this money so they could quit  their jobs. Quite the contrary, they are using them so they can get to  work.    We are a nation in crisis because of how we treat our children. The  child tax credit is a lifeline for the millions of grandparents raising  grandchildren. It is a lifeline for low-income children.   So you heard from Senator Bennet. We are at an inflection point. What  will we do right now? Will we extend the child tax credit? Will we make  the full refundability permanent? Will we keep people having these  monthly checks? That is a policy question. But the question before us  really is a moral one. For once and for all, this is not partisan. It  is a defining moment for the character of our country, and I say words  are not enough.   We should show the child tax credit--the truth in our policies and  what we do with our budgets. We should show our love through what we  do, not what we say. And the best leading indicator of that will always  be how the most vulnerable in our society are doing, how we take care  of our elderly, and, in this case, how we care for our children.   I am honored now to have come to the floor our Senator from Georgia.  I would remark that as much as I love the Senator from Ohio and the  Senator from Colorado, the Senator from Georgia has a much better  haircut.   I yield the floor.   