 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today with a number of my  colleagues from the Finance Committee to discuss in the next hour the  partisan $3.5 trillion reckless tax-and-spend bill that the Democrats  are trying to cram down on the American people.   The United States is experiencing unprecedented economic pressures,  including significant inflation and record price increases, significant  friction in labor markets, and intense international competition, all  while the pandemic continues to threaten Americans' health and our  economic recovery. Yet the Democrats want to move forward with this  reckless $3.5 trillion tax-and-spending spree that will stunt our  economic recovery, further impede labor markets, and punish low- and  middle-income workers with higher prices for everyday goods and  services.   The Democrats are currently debating just how high they want to  increase taxes on American businesses and workers. House Democrats have  proposed to hike the corporate tax rate to 26.5 percent from 21  percent. This would return our combined corporate tax rate, at 31  percent, to one of the highest among developed countries.   Hiking the rate indisputably hits the middle class. Estimates suggest  that workers shoulder up to 70 percent of the burden of the corporate  tax. A recent analysis performed by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation says the burden on over 98 percent of Americans who make less  than $500,000 a year increases over time.   Let me make that clear. Ninety-eight percent of the increase that is  felt by labor falls on those making less than $500,000 per year and the  vast majority of that on those making less than $400,000 per year.   Our Democratic colleagues argue that these increases do not violate  President Biden's pledge since they are not specific higher individual  tax rates. But hard-working Americans do not care about the distinction  between a direct or indirect tax; they care about how taxes hit their  pocketbooks. A higher corporate tax rate would result in lower wages  and reduced benefits, hit the nest eggs of everyone saving for  retirement, and force consumers to pay more for everyday necessities.   This plan would also impose hundreds of billions of dollars in tax  hikes on U.S. businesses operating across the globe, overwhelmingly  rewarding our foreign competitors and making the United States again  one of the highest taxing countries in the developed world. These pro- China tax hikes would raise the relative cost of doing business in  America and punish businesses selling products or services overseas,  reigniting inversions and foreign acquisitions, again putting America's  business climate back into trouble.   Democrats also want to increase the top individual tax rate to 39.6  percent from 37 percent--a rate that kicks in at $400,000 for  individuals and $450,000 for married couples. This includes a  supercharged marriage penalty, as unmarried couples can earn almost a  million dollars a year without being subject to increased taxes.   Democrats have also proposed increasing the number of Americans  subject to the original death tax, including farmers and small business  owners. Others are pushing for a double death tax by eliminating the  step-up in the basis entirely. Rather than be given time to grieve  their loss, families could be forced to sell farms, businesses, and  homes just to pay Uncle Sam.   Less noticed are some of the plans to drastically expand the powers  of the Internal Revenue Service and turn banks and credit unions into  private investigators for monitoring law-abiding Americans. This  financial dragnet will force financial institutions into reporting  deposit and withdrawal flows on as little as $600 in their customers'  accounts, exposing sensitive data to future breaches. Whether the  cutoff for monitoring transactions is $600 or $10,000, Americans of all  income levels would have their private financial activities reported to  the leaky IRS. The threats to privacy and invasion of compliant  taxpayers' personal financial affairs are staggering.   Moving on, the Democrats are also proposing sweeping government price  controls on the very innovators in our healthcare system who helped to  battle the pandemic by developing lifesaving vaccines and therapeutics.  Under the guise of negotiation, government bureaucrats would have the  power to set prices for medications, devaluing the lives of the most  vulnerable among us, including older Americans and those with  disabilities. Their proposals could prevent scores of game-changing  prescription drugs from coming to the market in the years to come--with  one recent study projecting as many as 342 fewer new medication  approvals in the next two decades--in addition to driving up the launch  prices for new products.   This even went too far for some of the House Democrats, with three  Members at least voting against this legislation in committee.   As I have indicated, this reckless tax-and-spend plan comes just over  a year after we were experiencing one of the most prosperous economies  in decades. Before the pandemic, a combination of reduced regulatory  burden and pro-growth tax policies helped to create one of the  strongest economies in our lifetime. All in the period of a short few  years, we have seen that evaporate.   We should be focused on policies that will get us past this pandemic  and back to the strong and inclusive economic growth we were  experiencing rather than taking advantage of a prolonged pandemic to  reimagine America as a welfare state.   This is the wrong time to raise taxes.   Excuse me just a moment, Mr. President. Excuse me. I didn't notice  that I have been joined by the Senator from Nebraska.   I will now yield more of my time to the Senator from Nebraska.    Mr. President, that wraps up the presentations that we  have for today, and I want to thank my Republican colleagues on the  Finance Committee for coming and helping to explain the dangers of this  incredibly reckless taxing-and-spending spree that is being proposed  here in Congress.   As we get more details, as this package gets played out, we will be  back to explain further the dangers that there are. But I think we have  shown very clearly today that not only is the spending going to be so  damaging to this country, but the tax plan that is accompanying it will  make us less competitive if, in fact, not completely back into last  place in terms of competitiveness globally and will impact people all  across this country in their own tax burdens and their own inflationary  cost pressures, not just those who make over $400,000 per year.   This tax-and-spend spree must be stopped.   I yield back our time.   