 Madam President, I am pleased to have joined my  Republican colleagues on the floor today. I associate myself with all  of their comments, especially the speech just delivered by my friend  from Wyoming, and demonstrate my strong support for a significant  investment in America's infrastructure.   You know, as my colleagues have said, infrastructure has been one of  the most bipartisan policy areas in Congress over the decades, and  rightfully  [[Page S2104]]  so. I mean, we are obligated to provide for the national  infrastructure.   As the lead Republican on the EPW Subcommittee on Transportation and  Infrastructure, I am committed to doing my part. I am confident we can  accomplish this on a national level and in a strong bipartisan fashion.   As has been said, 2 years ago, under the leadership of Chairman  Barrasso, EPW unanimously passed America's Transportation  Infrastructure Act. It was the most substantial highway bill yet in our  history. It authorized hundreds of billions of Federal dollars to  maintain and repair America's roads and bridges, and it made reasonable  regulatory changes--very important regulatory changes--so that projects  wouldn't get derailed by endless bureaucracy.   It also maintained the current formula for deciding how States will  receive the Federal funds. This funding formula ensures that States  with small populations but expansive road systems, like North Dakota  and Wyoming and Oklahoma, receive sufficient resources to update their  roads and bridges within their borders. It is States like ours that  feed and fuel the country. So not only does the traditional funding  formula protect the interests of rural America, it protects all of  America.   The movement of goods and services in support of our economy and the  consumers cannot reserve a few thousand miles here and there of  interstate for gravel. Interstate commerce requires a transportation  system that is safe and sufficient for every mile. The pavement can't  end in Minneapolis and get picked up in Seattle. For food to get to  your table requires thousands of miles of safe, reliable roads,  bridges, rails, and waterways.   My State of North Dakota is literally the center of the North  American continent and is a top producer of dozens of crops and other  food items. For example, we are the very top producer--by a long ways,  by the way--of durum. Durum is the wheat that is ground into semolina  flour, which is the main ingredient in pasta. So if you love cooking  spaghetti in your kitchen or ordering penne at your favorite  restaurant, you have to get the durum off the field in North Dakota to  the elevator, where a train or a truck will pick it up and take it to  the mill, where it will be ground into semolina before getting on  another truck or train to the pasta plant, then to the grocery  warehouse in another State, where it catches a ride to a distribution  company or a retailer before it gets put into a pot of boiling water on  its way to your plate in your Manhattan apartment or your favorite Los  Angeles restaurant.   That is why we included the formula in the last highway bill when I  was in the House. It is why we kept it in the highway bill at the  committee level last Congress. And there is every good reason why we  ought to include it now.   Under the leadership of Chairman Carper and Ranking Member Capito,  EPW has had two hearings reiterating the importance of investing in  America and dealing with the solvency of the highway trust fund.   It was disheartening to read a news story earlier this week and see  how many of my colleagues are urging the President to not work with  Republicans and to go it alone on infrastructure. One even said he was  worried that Republicans would ``never show up.'' Well, here we are. We  have shown up.   Like I told Chairman Carper just last week, I believe we should go  big. We should aim high. This is a tremendous opportunity to pass a  major bill that will benefit our country as a whole and the States we  represent. We cannot let one of the most bipartisan policy areas in  Washington get derailed now because a narrow majority in the Senate  decided to pursue a partisan, shortsighted goal instead.   I am committed to advancing an infrastructure package that is bold,  bipartisan, and meets the demands of the moment, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor   