 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am going to speak in opposition to H.R. 1868, but I  also feel obligated to point out that you may say that the inflation  rate is zero, but if you bought a gallon of gas, purchased a two-by- four at Home Depot, or bought a sack of Quikrete at Lowe's, you would  know that inflation is a real phenomenon.   But I do rise in opposition to H.R. 1868. There was no effort made on  the part of the majority party to work with Republicans on what should  be a bipartisan priority, and that is provider relief.   I have heard from physicians and I have heard from hospitals in Texas  that struggled financially throughout the pandemic. But the bill we  have before us today is simply an excuse to wipe out the scorecard of  the fiscal impact of this $1.9 trillion partisan package passed last  week.   Last week, Republicans warned that this would threaten cuts to  Medicare, but those warnings were repeatedly ignored. If the House  majority really cared, if the House Democrats really cared about  meaningful healthcare provider relief, they would have worked to gain  Republican support, worked with us to build a bill from the ground up.  Instead, this bill is coming toward us as a Hail Mary pass right before  the Medicare sequester cuts go into effect in April.   As a physician, I have deep empathy for those whose medical practices  have been impacted and are now struggling to stay open. I know I have  helped many doctors, many clinics, navigate the Provider Relief Fund  over this past year. We need targeted relief for the providers who are  hurting, and some are hurting more than others.   I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1999, which is an alternative approach that  adds over $12 billion to the Provider Relief Fund and ensures that  dollars would flow to those doctors who have experienced lost revenue  or increased cost.   This type of financial relief has already been proven successful. We  passed the CARES Act on March 27 of last year. We know it's successful.   Additionally, this alternative bill ensures that the 4 percent cut to  Medicare providers that was included in last week's reconciliation bill  as a result of statutory paygo does not go into effect in 2022.   The American Rescue Plan Act gifted $350 billion to State and local  governments that simply was not justified. Providers in our State and  local communities are worthy of funding and they should specifically  benefit from those State and local dollars that are not necessary to go  where they are planned to go. That is why we would like to redirect the  State and local funding toward provider relief.   Maintaining a strong healthcare workforce is critical to the health  of this Nation during normal times, and it is especially critical  during a public health emergency.   We should work together on the right policy solution to deliver this  relief to ensure that it stands a chance of actually passing in the  other body, and that should be a starting point for those discussions.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we can come to such a sensible solution.   