 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2022  National Defense Authorization Act.   Over the coming days, the Senate will consider this bill, which the  Armed Services Committee passed by a broad bipartisan margin of 23 to 3  in July.   I look forward to debating and improving this bill, as we all work  toward ensuring our military has the right tools and capabilities to  combat threats around the globe and keep Americans safe.   First, I would like to acknowledge Ranking Member Inhofe, whose  leadership on this committee and this body has been invaluable. His  commitment to our men and women in uniform is unwavering, and he was  instrumental in helping to produce this bipartisan legislation.   As we debate the NDAA, we must keep in mind that the United States is  engaged in a strategic competition with China and Russia. These near- peer rivals do not accept U.S. global leadership or the international  norms that have helped keep the peace for the better part of a century.   This strategic competition is likely to intensify due to shifts in  the military balance of power and diverging views of governance. And it  is unfolding amidst climate change and the emergence of highly  disruptive technologies.   The interconnected nature of these threats will drive how we  transform our tools of national power to respond. The passage of the  FY2022 NDAA will be a critical step in meeting the complex challenges  before us.   Turning to the specifics of this year's Defense bill, the NDAA  authorizes $740 billion for the Department of Defense and $27 billion  for national security programs within the Department of Energy.   For the first time in years, this legislation, like the President's  budget request, does not include a separate overseas contingency fund,  or OCO, request. Any war-related costs are included in the base budget.   This bill contains a number of important provisions that I would like  to highlight.   To begin, we have a duty to ensure that the United States can  outcompete, deter, and prevail against near-peer rivals. The NDAA  supports the Department of Defense in this endeavor by providing the  resources needed by the combatant commanders to carry out the national  defense strategy, or NDS.   Every 4 years, the Department reports the NDS to outline the national  security objectives of the administration. The 2018 NDS provided a  framework, and the DOD will release a new strategy in the coming  months.   In this regard, this bill creates a commission on the national  defense strategy for the forthcoming NDS in order to boost our military  advantage. Last year, the Armed Service Committee created the Pacific  Deterrence Initiative--or PDI--to better align DOD resources in support  of military-to-military partnerships to address the challenges posed by  China.   This year's bill extends and modifies the PDI and reiterates the  committee's intent to improve our force posture in the Indo-Pacific, to  increase readiness and presence, and to build the capabilities of our  partners and allies to counter these threats.   Future investments under PDI should focus on military and nonmilitary  infrastructure in the Indo-Pacific region. This will assist in  distributed military operations, and it will be more effective in  countering predatory Chinese infrastructure development practices.   The bill also requires the Secretary of Defense to provide recurring  briefings on efforts to deter Chinese aggression and military coercion.  It compels a briefing on the advisability and feasibility of increasing  United States defense cooperation with Taiwan. It is important we help  Taiwan improve its overall readiness and acquire asymmetric  capabilities most likely to make the Chinese Government question their  ability to take the island by force.   I want to emphasize, however, that our Nation's ability to deter  China cannot be based on military might alone. We must strengthen our  network of allies and partners, which will be essential to any strategy  for the Indo-Pacific region. We must also ensure that, as we shift our  focus to the Indo-Pacific, we do not lose sight of priorities in other  areas, like Europe.   This year's bill authorizes the continuation of the European  Deterrence Initiative--or the EDI--recognizing the continued need to  invest in support for our European allies and partners as we work  toward the shared goal of deterring Russian aggression, addressing  strategic competition, and mitigating shared security concerns, the  most recent one being the amassing of Russian troops on the border of  Ukraine.   Turning to personnel, the key factor that makes the United States the  greatest military power in the world is its people. We need to ensure  that our uniformed personnel know every day how much we appreciate what  they do and that we have their backs.   Congress has done a good job in providing benefits to the military  and their families, and this year's Defense bill continues to do that.  But our military is showing the strain of two decades of continuous  deployments, and I am concerned that there has been a dangerous erosion  of trust within the chain of command; and issues such as racism,  extremism, sexual harassment, and sexual assault have been allowed to  fester and create friction and division.   The Department of Defense is addressing those issues, but Congress  must provide guidance and resources. To this end, the bill strengthens  the All-Volunteer Force and improves the quality of life of the men and  women of the total force: the Active Duty, the National Guard, and the  Reserves; their families; and, importantly, the Department of Defense  civilian employees, who contribute significantly to the effectiveness  of our operations.   It reinforces the principles of a strong, diverse, inclusive force  and that force cohesion requires a command climate that does not  tolerate extremism or sexual assault misconduct or racism; and that  quality healthcare is a fundamental necessity for servicemembers and  their families.   Importantly, this NDAA includes the funding necessary to support a  2.7 percent pay raise for both military servicemembers and the DOD  civilian workforce. We have also included a provision that would amend  the Military Selective Service Act to require the registration of women  for Selective Service. I am proud of this position, which passed the  Armed Services Committee on a broad bipartisan basis.   Society, the military, and the nature of warfare itself have evolved  significantly since the 1948 Military Selective Service Act passed.  Back then, women were denied the opportunity to serve in  [[Page S8412]]  combat roles and key leadership positions, and entire technologies and  platforms didn't even exist.   Today, all military occupations, including combat roles, are open to  women, and military success depends heavily on servicemembers with  advanced education and technical skills in STEM, cyber, medicine,  languages, and more.   To be clear, I am hopeful that we will never have to draft again. If  we do, however, it will be under circumstances so dire and existential  that to voluntarily choose to enter the fight with anything less than  our very best would be supremely foolish and potentially fatal. If we  are going to have a Selective Service System, women must be a part of  it. Basic equality and military readiness demand parity between the  sexes to protect our country and uphold our values. In the meantime, it  is time to end outdated sex discrimination and remove it from official  policy and Federal law.   The bill also creates a new category of bereavement leave for  military personnel that would permit servicemembers to take up to 2  weeks of leave in connection with the death of a spouse or a child.  Similarly, in an effort to provide greater care and support to our  military men and women, it increases parental leave to 12 weeks for all  servicemembers for the birth, adoption, or foster care placement of a  child. It establishes a basic needs allowance to ensure that all  servicemembers can meet the basic needs of their families, and it  requires parity and special and incentive pays for members of the  Reserve and the active components.   In addition, I am proud that this bill makes historic changes to the  military justice system to combat and discourage sexual assault and  related misconduct within the military. Sexual assault is an  unconscionable crime and a pervasive problem in the U.S. military and  American society writ large.   When it comes to the military, one of the basic ethics is that one  must protect your comrades and your subordinates; one cannot exploit  them. Sexual assault and sexual harassment is an example of  unconscionable exploitation, and it must be eliminated. We must take  comprehensive action to halt sexual misconduct, hold offenders  accountable, and support survivors. While the military has tried to  stop sexual assault in the ranks, it simply hasn't been enough.   I commend President Biden, the Department of Defense, and the  Independent Review Commission for their work on proposals, which we  have considered during our markup and which are reflected in the bill.  We will continue to work with the administration and the House to move  toward enacting this momentous change.   Turning now to the areas of air, land, and sea power, with respect to  our services, we have taken steps to improve their capabilities, their  readiness, and their ability to fight and win.   This bill makes significant efforts to improve the readiness of the  Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, ships, and weapons systems. It provides  considerable investments in our next-generation Arleigh Burke-class  destroyers, including an increase of $1.7 billion to restore a second  guided missile destroyer to this year's budget and $125 million for  long lead material for our destroyer in fiscal year 2023.   The bill authorizes $4.8 billion for the Columbia-class submarine  program and for industrial-based development and expansion in support  of the Virginia and Columbia shipbuilding programs, an increase of $130  million.   I was up at Quonset Point, RI, recently, where all submarines start  their construction. Along with the Deputy Secretary of Defense,  Secretary Hicks, we saw the progress that we are making to build two  Virginia-class submarines a year and turning out the first Columbia- class ballistic missile ship to replace the Ohio class.   We are moving forward. And, frankly, many believe--as I do--that  undersea strength is the best form of deterrence that we have. And as  we deploy more submarines, we will have a greater ability to deter  potential conflict.   This bill also increases the Landing Helicopter Assault replacement  funding by $350 million and the Expeditionary Fast Transport vessel  program by $270 million.   Growing our surface and undersea warfare capabilities will be vital  to our success in the Indo-Pacific region, and this NDAA makes  important progress in this area. It is consistent with our defense  strategy of shifting our focus to the Pacific, which requires a shift  of resources to the Navy and Marine Corps.   Similarly, the bill authorizes funding to strengthen naval aviation,  including five additional F-35 fighter variants, one additional E-2D  Hawkeye aircraft, two additional C-130J Hercules aircraft, an  additional KC-130J tanker, two additional CH-53K helicopters, and two  MQ-4C Triton unmanned aerial systems.   Now, with respect to the Air Force, the bill increases authorization  funding by providing an additional F-35A fighter, five additional F-15  fighters, and extensions on the minimal capacity of several Air Force  platforms.   With respect to the Army, I am pleased that the bill advances  research and development in important future technologies and makes  broad investments in generational Army modernization efforts and  continues to upgrade significant enduring capabilities.   Our bill focuses on filling critical deficiencies and increasing  investments in rapidly evolving demands. Further, it funds rapid  development and fielding of land-based, long-range fires, including the  precision strike missile, medium-range capability, and long-range  hypersonic weapons.   It also provides funding for future long-range assault aircraft and  future attack reconnaissance aircraft, increased funding for the future  tactical unmanned aircraft system, and authorizes full funding for the  AH-64 Apache attack helicopters and the UH-60 Black Hawk utility  helicopters.   We are at a critical junction in a technological race with our near- peer competitors. We have enjoyed a technological lead over the last  many decades. That lead is shrinking, and we have to not only develop  the best of new technologies; we have to get them in the hands of our  troops as quickly as possible. And that is what we are trying to do in  this legislation.   Again, the issue is deterrence first, and what will help deter any  conflict will be the realization of our adversaries that they are going  up against the most sophisticated, technologically capable military in  the world, manned by the most dedicated and skillful women and men in  the world. That is what we are hoping to encourage.   Likewise, with respect to the Army, the bill supports the  modernization of its ground combat vehicles, including the M1 Abrams  tanks, Bradley Fighting Vehicles, Paladin self-propelled howitzer,  tactical-type vehicles.   Having the platforms and the personnel is critical, but they have got  to be ready to go, and we have taken great pride in trying to improve  the readiness of our forces.   This NDAA authorizes more than $2.8 billion for additional military  construction projects after funding other large projects in the budget  request. This bill also includes a number of provisions that will help  acquisition outcomes by strengthening the ability of DOD to analyze the  defense industrial base, evaluate acquisition programs, and implement  acquisition reform efforts.   It also streamlines processes to allow the Pentagon to invest in and  incorporate advanced commercial technologies to support defense  missions and strengthen DOD small business programs to allow  partnerships with innovative, high-tech companies.   From post-World War II until very recently, we were really in an  industrial age, and the United States led the world. We have now moved  to a post-industrial age where the new technologies, the new  innovations aren't coming out of government labs or the Bell Labs; they  are coming out of small business; they are coming out of young people  who have come up with great ideas.   And what we want to do and what we want to empower the Department of  Defense to do is to be able to get those ideas, develop them, and  incorporate them rapidly into our military forces.   That means we have to develop partnerships with small business and  think in a different way. We have to think about a more entrepreneurial  acquisition system rather than ``this is the way we have always done it  and are going to keep doing it.''   We also have another area that we have to pay attention to, and that  is  [[Page S8413]]  the area of the modernization of our nuclear triad. I recognize the  concerns voiced by some of my colleagues about the cost of, and genuine  disagreements about, our Nation's nuclear policy. From my perspective,  nuclear deterrence is the bedrock of our national defense. For our  nuclear deterrent to be credible and to ensure these weapons never need  to be used, they must be capable and ready for use.   The deterrence that we have enjoyed for many, many decades has been  gained by the acknowledgement by all other nuclear powers that we are  more than capable to respond. Our allies and partners depend on the  U.S. nuclear umbrella. That is one of the reasons why the proliferation  which President Kennedy thought would be almost universal has not  developed. And modernization of our strategic forces is necessary to  ensure their dependability.   One thing I think everyone agrees on, and I think often gets lost in  the discussion, is another factor: arms control and modernization of  our nuclear forces are inherently linked together. We must reinvigorate  our efforts on arms control so that we do not have a situation where  the proliferation issue becomes more obvious and more dangerous. So  even as we modernize, we should seek ways to promote strategic  stability, like the extension of the New START agreement and follow-on  talks to cover new strategic weapons and further reduce nuclear  stockpiles. The best way to reduce nuclear weapons is through  negotiated mutual arms reductions rather than unilateral actions. That  has been the history of the Cold War, which with the Soviets and the  United States we were able, with every Presidency, to come up with some  type of agreement. Unfortunately, we took, I think, a less aggressive  posture in the last administration, but we have to renew significantly  our arms control efforts and make them clear that it is mutual interest  of Russia but also China because China is a growing nuclear power with  a very deliberate plan to increase significantly their nuclear  arsenals.   We have to get a situation where there is at least a trilateral  negotiation between the United States, China, and Russia for our own  mutual benefit. And part of that is also not just looking at numbers  but looking at the safeguards that each country places on the use of  nuclear weapons.   We do not want a situation where there is an accidental launch that  triggers a catastrophic response. We have much to do. But I will  emphasize again that simply rebuilding our triad without rebuilding our  diplomacy is not the best path forward.   What we have tried to do in this bill is to enhance deterrence  through a number of factors, including recapitalizing the nuclear  triad; ensuring the safety and security and reliability of our nuclear  stockpile, our delivery systems, and our infrastructure; increasing  capacity in theater and homeland missile defense; and strengthening  nonproliferation programs.   We have--particularly our land-based missile systems--installations  that were built in the 1960s. They are roughly 60 years old. They are  showing wear and tear. And the delivery vehicles are also old. That is  part of our modernization program. The Columbia class is the first of  our new ballistic missile submarines. We have to replace the Ohio class  because, frankly, that fleet will literally wear out. They won't be  capable to go to sea at some point in the future. And that is why we  are beginning right now. We are also looking at a new, sophisticated  armor that will complement the other two legs of the triad.   And because this involves the Department of Energy and the National  Nuclear Security Administration, we authorized $20 billion for this  effort. We have funded the Department of Energy's other defense  activities at $920 million and its nuclear energy activities at $149.8  million. This is all part of having an effective deterrence.   Now, as we have seen, our adversaries are developing other  capabilities at an alarming rate. With regard to hypersonics, it is  especially clear that China is working to develop capabilities that  evade current missile defense capabilities possessed by the United  States and our allies. To address these threats, the bill authorizes  the Missile Defense Agency to develop a highly reliable missile defense  interceptor for the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense System. It also  authorizes the procurement of the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense  system, David's Sling Weapon System, and Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor  Program to support our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel.   There was a barrage emanating from Israel's neighbors of  approximately 4,500 missiles over the last year. And Iron Dome, which  was created by the Israeli Government, knocked down a significant  number of those missiles protecting the State of Israel. So this is not  an academic exercise; this is supporting a close ally.   And it is also clear, as I mentioned before, China is expanding its  nuclear weapons stockpile at a faster rate than we have seen from any  other nation. It appears that China is seeking to at least reach parity  with the United States and Russia in its efforts to become a world- class military. To respond to this and other countries' proliferation  efforts, the NDAA authorizes $239.84 million for Cooperative Threat  Reduction Programs to stop the proliferation of nuclear, chemical, and  biological threats around the world.   If you take those three aspects--improving our military capability,  invigorating our diplomacy, and actively using Cooperative Threat  Reduction--to lower the ability and capability of those that have  nuclear weapons, that is the best path ahead.   Now, we have understood over the last several years that what is  causing a great deal of destruction in this world in every aspect is  technology, including cyber space activities. And we, again, are trying  to hone and invigorate our technological innovation in this area.    Innovation has long given us the strongest economy and military in  the world. But it must be nurtured and maintained through careful  investments and strong leadership in both the public and private  sectors.   I believe we have an advantage because we have such a great  educational system, a great entrepreneurial system, the creativity and  talent of the American people, but we have to focus on needs for our  military and national priorities.   And our top priority for Congress must be maintaining strong  investments in technology areas that we know will shape future  conflicts. This year's NDAA includes multiple provisions to accelerate  the modernization of the Department of Defense by investing in research  and development of cutting-edge technologies and delivering them in a  timely manner to the force. Specifically, it authorizes an increase of  more than $1 billion for science and technology programs that fund  cutting-edge research and prototyping activities at universities, small  businesses, defense labs, and industry, including in critical areas  such as artificial intelligence, microelectronics, advanced materials,  5G, and biotechnology.   The bill also authorizes an increase of more than $500 million in  funding for DARPA, the Defense Advanced Projects Agency. DARPA has been  conducting high-risk, high-payoff research for years, including such  areas as quantum computing and assisting with universities to  accelerate their research. Importantly, the implements a number of  recommendations from the National Security Commission on Artificial  Intelligence, which the Armed Services Committee established in a  previous NDAA. The $500 million of funding for DARPA will be extremely  critical to the future and will produce, I think, some breakthrough  technologies that not only DOD will use but will become commercial  products for our national economy.   And recognizing, again, the competition between the United States and  China on certain militarily-relevant technologies, the bill strengthens  the language of the CHIPS Act to ensure the national network for  microelectronics research and development to support the development of  world-leading domestic microelectronics technology and manufacturing  capabilities.   Now, I mentioned one of our problems is that we are moving from an  industrial age, in which we were the dominant power in every dimension,  to a new post-industrial age, where technological innovation has been  distributed. Other countries, because of the  [[Page S8414]]  nature of cyber and other technologies, are beginning to catch up with  it and, in some cases, pass us. Often, and especially in the Department  of Defense, one of our problems has been procurement and acquisition  practices. The Department's approach has been convoluted, poorly  communicated, and burdened with inertia that makes partnering with  private industry far too difficult. As America confronts threats around  the globe that are evolving at unprecedented speeds, we must find a  better way to identify our defense needs, communicate them, and deliver  them in a timely manner.   There are several areas that, if transformed, could allow DOD to more  effectively do this. The fiscal year 2022 NDAA makes important progress  by establishing an independent commission to review and assess the  planning, programming, budgeting, and execution--or PPBE--process and  identify areas for reform.   The PPBE process has, for many decades, since the 1960s, given DOD  leaders a way to evaluate the resources they need and to deliver them  to the troops. However, as I mention consistently, it is a bit of a  relic of the industrial age.   It came in 1961 under Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, the  former chief executive of the Ford Company. And at that time, it was  the most sophisticated way to manage resources and do research, but  that was the height of the industrial age.   We are now in a situation much different. So we need to modernize the  procurement system and the acquisition system that we have in place. We  have to make it more rapid, more agile, more capable of absorbing new  products and getting them into the hands of the troops.   So in addition to establishing this independent review commission,  the NDAA requires the DOD Comptroller, along with the DOD's Chief  Information Officer and the Chief Data Officer, to submit a plan to  consolidate the IT systems used to manage data and support the PPBE  process.   One of the things we have discovered is there is no really integrated  data plan in the Department of Defense--the largest Federal entity.  There are multiple different brands of software systems, different  brand of hardware. Some can talk to others, some can't. There is no  successful company today that has such a, shall we say, slightly  immature information processing system, and we have got to change it.   Similarly, management transformation is badly needed with the  Department. As I said, it is one of the largest bureaucracies in the  world, and the Government Accountability Office has put the Pentagon's  approach to business management on its high-risk list, citing its  vulnerability to waste, fraud, and abuse, inability to pass a financial  audit, and a culture that remains resistant to change. To spur  transformation, this NDAA requires the Secretary of Defense to improve  Pentagon management by leveraging best practices and expertise from  commercial industry, public administration, and business schools.   I am confident these steps will allow us to leverage the best of  American ingenuity and market talent that drives innovation. At the end  of the day, we should think about management as a defense capability  like any other. We hope we are opening up a new day of more efficient  and sophisticated management, more integrated communication, and doing  it in a way that will produce results that will get the best technology  into the hands of our fighting men and women.   One factor that we all are aware of every day is the challenge of  cyber security. The cyber domain impacts everything we do, so there is  absolutely no surprise that it has impacted the Defense Department and  its industrial base. We need to ensure that our industrial base has  improved cyber security, that they are not the back door through which  our adversaries will use to enter and gain access to even more critical  elements of our national security. As the recent SolarWinds, Microsoft  Exchange Server, and Colonial Pipeline breaches painfully illustrated,  traditional ``perimeter-based'' cyber defenses are simply inadequate to  deal with sophisticated threats. Our adversaries are clearly advantaged  in cyber domain and are likely to succeed in penetrating static  defenses. Therefore, this NDAA requires the development of a joint  ``zero trust'' cyber security strategy and a model architecture for the  Department of Defense information network. It also authorizes an  increase of $268.4 million across DOD to support cyber security  efforts.   We all recognize that cyber is a persistent threat to everything we  do. As one very thoughtful gentleman said years ago at a function I was  at, ``Breakthrough technology like cyber has two effects. It makes good  things better and bad things worse.'' And that is exactly what we are  witnessing every day. So we have to exploit the good things and get  them into our system and be much more vigilant at protecting us from  the bad things.   Similarly, as the COVID crisis has made clear, we need a coordinated  industrial policy to ensure that we have a robust, secure, and reliable  technology and industrial base, especially in critical and emerging  technology.   We need to give the DOD the tools and expertise to understand its  supply chain and its physical security challenges, its financial  challenges, and influence from commercial market trends. To that end,  this bill directs the Comptroller General to conduct a comprehensive  assessment of research, development, test, and evaluation authorities  and other similar authorities and brief Congress on its findings.   The pandemic has shown many interesting things. Many companies and  suppliers to our defense thought their products were coming from the  United States, only to discover that critical components came from  elsewhere and sometimes countries that were not particularly friendly  to us. So we have to look seriously at our supply chain.   Finally, while I spent most of my time speaking about future  challenges and how we prepare the Department of Defense to face them,  we cannot lose sight of the events surrounding our withdrawal from  Afghanistan.   After nearly 20 years of war, enormous sacrifice by American and  coalition military, diplomatic, and intelligence personnel and vast  U.S. investment, the Afghan state has failed, and the Taliban has taken  control.   The Armed Services Committee has undertaken a series of hearings  seeking to understand the collapse of the Afghan National Defense and  Security Forces. While there is temptation to close the book on  Afghanistan and simply move on to long-term strategic competition with  China and Russia, we must learn the lessons of the last two decades to  ensure that our future counterterrorism efforts in Afghanistan or  anyplace else continue to hold violent extremists at bay.   The top-line defense number in this bill, together with the  allocations set by Chairman Leahy for defense and nondefense funding  across the 12 appropriations bills, provides a realistic balance for  funding the military and the rest of the Federal Government.   Once we have completed work on this important authorization bill, we  need to complete the appropriations process. It would be a tremendous  mistake and harmful for our national security, our economic prosperity,  and our public health to resort to a continuing resolution to fund the  government for an extensive period.   I have calculated, roughly, that if we go into a yearlong continuing  resolution, the Department of Defense will lose $36 billion, and the  consequences of that would be staggering, particularly at this moment  where we face challenges across the globe.   We have near-peer competition with Russia and China, dangerous  developments in East Africa, and situations across the board where we  need to be ready to go looking at the threats, not looking internally  at how we are going to pay to keep the lights on.   Again, to avoid this self-inflicted damage, we have to pass a budget,  as well as this authorization bill.   Let me conclude by once again thanking Ranking Member Inhofe and my  colleagues on the committee for working thoughtfully on a bipartisan  basis to develop this important piece of legislation.   I would also like to thank the staff who worked tirelessly on this  bill throughout the year--and tirelessly is an understatement. While we  were leaving after our last vote, they were staying hours later to get  this bill in shape to pass and then to begin our dialogue with the  House. It is the staff of both sides. I salute my Republican  [[Page S8415]]  colleagues' staffers and my staffers for their job.   I look forward to a thoughtful debate on the issues as we go forward.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to yield back all  remaining time on the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 144, H.R. 4350,  the National Defense Authorization Act; that if the motion to proceed  is agreed to, the Reed-Inhofe substitute amendment No. 3867, as  modified with the changes at the desk, be called up and reported by  number; further, that it be in order to call up the following  amendments to the Reed-Inhofe substitute amendment No. 3867, as  modified, in the order listed: 1, Reed No. 4775; 2, Hoeven No. 4482; 3,  Sanders No. 4654; 4, Lee No. 4793; 5, Paul No. 4395; 6, Hawley No.  4140; 7, Peters-Portman No. 4799; 8, Scott of Florida, No. 4813 side- by-side to 4799; 9, Durbin-Lee No. 3939; 10, Cardin No. 3980; 11,  Lujan-Crapo No. 4260; 12, King-Sasse No. 4784; 13, Cruz No. 4656; 14,  Kaine No. 4133; 15, Hassan No. 4255; 16, Menendez No. 4786; 17,  Marshall No. 4093; 18, Kennedy No. 4660; 19, Sanders No. 4722; 20,  Portman No. 4540; that with the exception of the Reed amendment No.  4775, the Senate vote at 9:30 p.m. today in relation to any first- degree amendment offered in the order listed above, with 60 affirmative  votes required for adoption of amendments in this agreement, and 2  minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, prior to each  vote.    I object to the modification, Madam President.    Madam President.    I renew my request.    Madam President.    I object to the modification.    Madam President, I renew my request.    Madam President, I object to the modification.    Madam President, I renew my request.    Madam President, I object to the modification.    Madam President, I renew my original request.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I renew my original request.    Madam President, I object to the modification.    Madam President, I renew my original request.    Madam President, I object to the modification.    Madam President, I renew my original request.    Madam President, I believe I have the floor.    Madam President, we began this process for the National  Defense Authorization Act months ago. In  [[Page S8435]]  July, in working closely with the ranking member and all of my  colleagues on the committee, we passed a bipartisan National Defense  Act which was focused on the fundamental rationale for our National  Defense Act: the men and women of the Armed Forces; the equipment that  they need; the new technology, which is absolutely necessary as we go  forward; the family lives of these men and women and their development;  along with the weapons that they will use.   This has been the focal point. As a result, we produced a committee  report with a bipartisan majority of 23 to 3.   We continued this bipartisan approach as we came into the floor  debate. We have already included in the substitute amendment, which  will be offered, approximately 60 amendments, on a bipartisan basis,  that cover a range of topics which have been agreed to by both sides.  Again, everything we have done to this point has been on a bipartisan  basis.   Indeed, this unanimous consent that I have proposed is bipartisan. It  incorporates amendments from both my Republican colleagues and my  Democrat colleagues. It does so, as we must, in a way that accommodates  as many as we can, but we cannot and have never been able to guarantee  that every amendment offered could be incorporated into the bill.   So what we have here is, in a way, a crossroads. We have tried since  the very inception to produce a bipartisan bill and a bipartisan floor  action and a bipartisan final vote on the National Defense Act in the  U.S. Senate.   We have to get there because--again, I can hear my colleagues talk  about Nord Stream, and that is very interesting and a very important  issue; I can hear them talk about border security; I can hear them talk  about forced labor in China; I can hear them talk about illegal  immigrants.   Ultimately, this is about the men and women who wear the uniform of  the United States, and we can't leave them behind. The proposals might  be meritorious, but we have to move forward and give those men and  women the tools they need to defend the Nation.   Again, I can't emphasize enough how, in working together with my  colleagues and ranking member, we have tried at every juncture to be  inclusive, to be bipartisan, to have recognized as many of the issues  as we could. And we have to do that in the context, frankly, of the  fact, in the Senate, as has been demonstrated tonight, one person can  stand up and say: No, I didn't get what I want, and no one is going to  get anything.   I think we have done a very good job, frankly--and I might not be  objective--in producing a national defense act that, at this juncture  and with these additional amendments, would be more than worthy for  final consideration by the Senate.   But what is, again, somewhat disconcerting to me is that, by analogy,  you can say everything is national defense. But the people who  ultimately suffer, if we cannot get to passage and then deliberation  with the House and then a final bill sent to the White House--it is not  only that these problems that we have tried to address be unaddressed,  but we will send a very powerful message to the men and women in the  Armed Forces: We don't have your back. We are too busy squabbling  amongst ourselves about issues of the border, Nord Stream, and other  issues.   So I would hope that we could move forward. The regret is that at  this juncture, we are abandoning approximately 20 amendments on a  bipartisan basis that would have addressed many of the concerns of my  colleagues in the Senate. Some are directly related to national defense  and some are not, but they were agreed to by both sides, and they would  be added to this legislation.   But at this juncture, our responsibility is--and it cannot be  avoided--moving forward, of passing our defense bill, and then working  with the House to send up to the President of the United States a bill  worthy of the sacrifice and service of those who wear the uniform of  the United States.    With that, I would yield to the ranking member.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Leslie Ashton  and Cami Pease, Government Accountability Office detailees to the  Senate Armed Services Committee, have floor privileges during  consideration of the fiscal year 2022 National Defense Authorization  Act.   