 Mr. President, it has been a little more than 6 months  since the Biden administration and our Democratic-led Congress were  sworn in. So let's zoom out from the daily political drama and ask the  simplest possible question: How is it going? How is the leadership  working out for middle-class families? Or put more directly: What big  aspects of our national life could Democrats even claim are headed in  the right direction on their watch?   In January, our Democratic friends inherited the most favorable trend  lines that any incoming administration could possibly ask for. Three  safe and effective vaccines had been discovered, developed, and were  already spreading across our country. Our economy was packed with dry  powder and ready for a historic comeback. It was already morning in  America when this Democratic government showed up. Mostly what they had  to do was not get in the way.   So where are we 6 months in? The U.S. economy has broken some recent  records, mostly the wrong ones. Inflation just clocked its steepest 12- month increase in more than a decade. The month before, a separate  measure of core inflation rose at its fastest rate since 1992--higher  gas prices, higher grocery prices, soaring costs for everything from  household purchases, to automobiles, to housing itself.   Inflation is painful enough, but it isn't the only problem.  Employment growth has not been fast enough. Last quarter, GDP grew much  more slowly than anticipated. Six months and trillions of dollars of  government spending into the Democrats' efforts at a recovery, and  Gallup says America's economic confidence is still only neutral. We are  not--we are not--where we need to be.   What about the rule of law? There is still a historic surge in people  trying to come across our southern border, but administration officials  have spent far more energy denying responsibility for the problem than  trying to fix it. Catch and release is still the name of the game.   According to news reports, out of tens of thousands of illegal  immigrants who have simply been released into the interior of our  country without a court date--now listen to this--just 13 percent--13  percent have shown up at their mandatory meeting with ICE afterward.   So the border is functionally open--especially absurd at a time when  many leaders are asking American citizens to step up various COVID  precautions. Not much testing, social distancing, or mask wearing is  happening in the Rio Grande Valley.   Meanwhile, a surge in violent crime, including recordbreaking murders  in many places, has too many citizens afraid of their own city streets.   Perhaps our Democratic friends think foreign policy is going well. I  sure wish it were. The President's rushed pullback from Afghanistan has  left our friends and partners in the lurch and rolled out a red carpet  for a Taliban takeover that is already underway. Its approach to Iran  appears to be promising big concessions to our adversary for no reason  even as their terrorist proxies continue to attack U.S., Israeli, and  Arab interests all across the region.   While I appreciate the administration's tough talk on Russia and  China, those words ring hollow when they fail to impose real  consequences on cyber attacks and propose to cut our defense spending  after inflation.   So what about COVID-19 itself? Certainly, the pandemic is not the  fault of any administration or any political party, but this  administration boasted with great confidence they had a playbook that  was guaranteed to crush the virus. They have continued to roll out the  vaccines the prior administration developed, and for that, they  certainly deserve some credit. But, especially recently, Americans have  received far too many mixed messages and muddied communications about  masks, vaccines, and what risks remain and for whom.   Meanwhile, the Democrats' allies in the teachers unions continue to  speculate publicly that perhaps schools may not remain open this fall  after all. They are flirting with another lost year for our kids even  when there are safe and effective vaccines that can reduce adults' risk  of grave illness to almost nil and when we know that, mercifully, this  virus has mostly spared children from serious illness the whole time.   So, look, everyone is rooting for America; everyone is rooting for  the recovery that middle-class families deserve; but that is not what  the Democrats' decisions and policies are delivering. No wonder  America's optimism has been in free fall the last few months. One  survey found that a majority--55 percent--are pessimistic about where  the country is headed in the coming year. That pessimism has increased  almost 20 percentage points since just this spring.   The soul of America has not been restored. It is anxious, it is  uneasy, and in too many cases, the more the Democrats' policies have  taken effect, the more problems American families have faced.   Now, certainly, the 6-month mark still provides plenty of time for my  Democratic colleagues to recalibrate. We have already notched some  bipartisan wins here in the Senate. Our colleagues could put away the  partisan approach that has already supercharged inflation, slowed  rehiring, and is setting back our national security. But, alas, our  Democratic colleagues are signaling they are still addicted to going it  alone.   My friends on the other side are signaling that a few days from now,  just a few days from now, they will begin the process of ramming  through a reckless, multitrillion-dollar taxing-and-spending spree that  will stick middle-class families with higher costs, more inflation,  fewer jobs, and lower wages.   It is not the strategy that will turn around Democrats' lackluster  report card; it will do just the opposite. It almost seems designed to  make every problem that families are facing considerably worse. It  would meet significant inflation with another massive avalanche of  printing and borrowing. It would hammer a tenuous economic recovery  with historic tax hikes and job-killing Green New Deal regulations. It  would, for some reason, respond to a live border crisis with a big  amnesty to lure even more people here illegally.   No working American in Kentucky or anywhere else would look at a plan  like this and get on board, and neither will a single Republican. If  Washington Democrats really want to take the remarkable head start they  inherited at the dawn of this recovery year and squander it through bad  policy, they will need to do it all alone.   