 I thank my colleague, and I will be brief.   As Senator Toomey has indicated, he and Senator Lummis and I have an  amendment to the infrastructure bill dealing with cryptocurrency and  taxes. And I am going to go into some of the philosophical  underpinnings of what we are doing, but I want to note something at the  outset.   Our amendment, this bipartisan amendment, ought to be accepted when  the author of the underlying provision has said publicly he will vote  for it if the Senate gets a chance to vote, as Senator Toomey and I  have indicated.   So let me just outline a couple of fundamental propositions about our  proposal and start with one that ought to bring the U.S. Senate  together. People avoiding taxes they owe on money through  cryptocurrencies is a serious issue. It is fundamentally unfair to  every working person whose taxes come straight out of their paycheck.   Now, my view is the Senate needs to make sure that new rules  addressing this tax avoidance ensure that it is possible to run down  the crooks, have strong tax enforcement, while leaving a clear field  for an innovation here at home.   We want that innovation here. The fact is, when you don't innovate  someplace, it goes somewhere else. We want it here at home.   Without our amendment, this bipartisan amendment, it seems to us that  essentially the whole notion of dealing with tax avoidance somehow is  going to get lost in approaches for the brick-and-mortar rule. And, as  I said, those rules run the very real risk of chilling innovation in  the digital economy and driving the core innovations in crypto to  places far beyond the reach of the U.S. Treasury and other law  enforcement.   So two sentences about what we do in our amendment: We want it stated  the tax enforcement rules should focus on the companies that deal with  buying, selling, and trading cryptocurrencies. These rules don't need  to sweep up other uses of blockchain technologies that have nothing to  do with tax avoidance.   Senator Toomey and I serve on the Senate Finance Committee. I am the  chair; Senator Toomey, a senior member. We have been struck by how many  people in that space--the various aspects of blockchain technologies-- don't even have the tax documents that they would have to file,  normally, if they were one of these big crypto exchanges.   Now, the fact is, making changes in both tech and tax policy is hard  work that takes time. When I wrote the Internet Tax Nondiscrimination  Act that ensured that the rules online and the rules offline would be  the same, we had hearings; we had debates; we focused on the issues and  produced bipartisan legislation.   The Senate is going to debate these issues further in the months and  years ahead. As the chairman of this committee, I am open to working  with anybody who wants to show that tough, effective tax enforcement  and promoting innovation is not mutually exclusive. Smart policy--smart  targeted policy--will get you both.   Our amendment simply says that nobody can use crypto to avoid paying  the taxes they owe, and anybody acting as a broker in the  cryptocurrency industry must comply with reporting requirements, the  same as brokers in every other industry. That is because they are  brokers. They are not the people who Senator Toomey and I have been  concerned about with going to be swept up in this treatment of crypto  exchanges and the like.   We advocate a smart, targeted approach and we make sure that  reporting requirements, just like brokers in every other industry, are  complied with. That is the kind of policy in the crypto area that lays  the foundation for future debates.   What Senator Toomey and I are doing is very focused in one specific  area: Making sure we come down hard on tax avoidance by brokers and  people in crypto exchanges, but we also make sure we are not  discouraging innovation in other areas.   This is going to be a debate that is going to play out over the  years, but when the author of the provision in the bipartisan proposal  on crypto, the author of the underlying provision in the legislation in  front of us today, has publicly said in the last few hours he will vote  for what Senator Toomey, Senator Lummis, and I have developed, we  certainly ought to get a vote. My own view is it ought to be accepted  by this body.   I yield the floor.   