 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  recognized for such time as I shall consume.    First of all, this is a big deal, what we are embarking  on now. It is something that--people understand it is the most  important thing we do around here.   Let me just say that my partner Jack Reed and I have been doing this  a long time. I have often said how fortunate I am. You know, we hear  all year out there in the real world about how everybody hates  everybody in Washington; we want to compete with each other. But, you  know, every year when we do the NDAA--that means the National Defense  Authorization Act--it is the biggest and the most important bill of the  year. Even though people think it is all happening inside this 2- or 3- day period, it is not. It is something that goes on all year long, and  we have gotten to know each other very well. We know there are some  areas where we have differences, but very rarely do we have differences  that would impair our mission, and our mission is the most important  mission that we have year-round.   So I appreciate very much Chairman Reed, what he has been doing along  with me, what we have done together. The NDAA has a long history of  bipartisanship, and Senator Reed and I have worked together to get this  bill through the committee with an overwhelming, bipartisan, 23-to-3  vote to bring it to the floor. That is where we are today. That is  something you don't hear about in Washington, that you can pass  something out of a committee by a vote of 23 to 3, but we did, and we  did it because this is a bill that is done by the Members.   The world is getting more dangerous by the day. We know that is the  case. One notable example is what is happening now at the Ukraine  border. Just weeks after conducting its largest military exercise in 40  years, Russia came dancing in, advancing a huge military buildup on the  border. In fact, the Defense Minister from Ukraine was in my office  this morning and was talking about all the things that are going on  there.   According to the image that we have by satellite, we are seeing  tanks, we are seeing missiles, and we are seeing artillery. Here is why  I am really concerned: We are seeing even military ambulances. Why  would Putin be putting in military ambulances if he was not expecting  casualties? The answer is, he wouldn't. So we have an idea what is  going to happen.   In addition to this equipment, the experts are reporting that 90,000  Russian combat troops are amassed along Ukraine's border. These troops  are in a more threatening posture than they have ever been before. They  are in the south and in the north. They are knocking on the door of  Kyiv. All that is going on right now.   It might sound crazy that Russia would want to deploy so many forces  now in November to a region where the winters are brutally cold, but  there is something not many people really think about; that is, frozen  ground is easier to move around heavy equipment like tanks and  artillery.   I am not the only one who is sounding the alarm on this. Earlier this  year, Senator Rounds and Congressman Trent Kelly and I visited Romania,  which, like Ukraine, sits on the frontlines of Russian aggression. At  that time, Romanian military officials warned us that Russia was moving  from a defensive to an offensive posture in the Black Sea. We are  seeing that now. Everything we have predicted is happening now, and  that assessment of the shift was actually right.   Putin is capitalizing on what he perceives as U.S. weakness. He knows  that our NATO allies are disturbed by the catastrophe in Afghanistan  and that many of the European nations fear that the United States is no  longer interested in trans-Atlantic security.   The President shouldn't have done what he did, and we all--I think  most Americans know that. It was a disaster, the way he put this thing  together in Afghanistan, and now we know where we are on this. It is  tempting to say that we have seen this before, but I don't think we  have just like this.   So this is about Americans, NATO, the credibility and the capability,  and that is why the NDAA is so important every year but especially this  year. But, first, let's be frank: Russia is far from our only threat.  In 2008--this is a document that a lot of people have looked at and  thought, why didn't we do this before? This was back, I think, in--what  was it? About 5 years ago, it was put together. We had what we  considered to be the top six Democrats and the top six Republicans on  defense, and they put this book together. It is a very brief book, but  we have been--this has been our Bible. We have been doing this now for  a long time, and the things that we were predicting at that time are  actually becoming a reality.   It tells us for the first time--and this is significant. People don't  understand this. For the first time, we have two major adversaries at  the same time. This hasn't happened before. And, you know, we are  talking about Russia. Yes, that is significant, and you have heard me  say this before--the Chinese Communist Party has been investing heavily  in modernizing its military. Over the last two decades, their military  spending has gone up 450 percent--just in the last two decades. Now, we  are not doing that over here.   You know, I have to say--and everyone realizes this--these communist  countries have a great advantage. They can move and move quickly, and  they don't seem to have any limitations. Now, we are seeing the results  of that investment. They have tested hypersonic missiles that we don't  even have anymore. I have to say that again. Hypersonic missiles are  something they have and they are using. They have tested. We have seen  it. We don't even have it, and we don't have any counter to that. They  are leapfrogging us in other critical areas, like artificial  intelligence, and they are rapidly expanding their nuclear arsenal and  infrastructure.   These investments in military capability are done with real purpose.  They are a threat to Taiwan and other allies in the Indo-Pacific.  Ambassador Bi-khim Hsiao was in my office this morning--Ambassador from  Taiwan--and we were looking at things that are going on there, just  like we are looking at from the Russian area.   But the threat China poses to our own interests can't be overstated  or underestimated.   Meanwhile, North Korea--so it is not just those two countries. North  Korea is out there. Iran is out there. They are also continuing their  threatening behavior. North Korea is conducting missile tests of its  own, and Iran continues to back proxies striking at U.S. troops and our  interests--most recently, we have seen in Syria.   The terrorist threat in Afghanistan is also resurging thanks to the  disastrous drawdown that continues to undermine U.S. credibility. We  know that ISIS-K and al-Qaida have the desire and intent to strike our  homeland. This is something that a lot of people don't understand. A  lot of people don't believe the threat that is out there. Now we know  when they will be able to strike us, and it is closer than you think.  As soon as 6 months from now, the Senate Armed Services Committee was  told just last month this could happen.   So I don't say this to be dramatic. This is a reality, plain and  simple. The world is more dangerous than it has ever been in my  lifetime--by the way, people have reminded me over and over again  yesterday and today, since it was my birthday, how long that lifetime  has been--and we have seen a lot, but we haven't seen anything like  this before.   National security needs to be the top priority. Without a strong  military defending our way of life, nothing else matters. We can talk  about other things, but it doesn't really matter if we can't do that.  [[Page S8416]]    Since World War II, we have ensured peace through the world by  projecting strength. Our military should and must serve as a strong  deterrent to our adversaries, and they have to know that they can't  beat us. Some people are questioning that, but they have to know that  they can't beat us, and we have to show them that they can't. Yet we  are fully aware that they have things we don't have. They have  technology we don't have. This is something we haven't dealt with  before.   President Biden's inadequate defense budget request, the  irresponsible drawdown in Afghanistan--something he shouldn't have  done; the administration should not have done--and the lack of  commitment to shared nuclear security are calling that into question.  It is evidence that we aren't prioritizing national defense, and we  already have seen what happens when we don't prioritize national  defense. We see upticks in destabilizing, threatening behavior--exactly  what Putin is doing right now. Just imagine what would happen if Putin  and Xi thought they stood a chance to beat us if we didn't turn things  around, and that could happen.   It is a reality today that people don't understand and should  understand. Americans take for granted the idea that our military is  the best. You know, when I go back to not just my State of Oklahoma but  all around the country, people assume that.   You know, I am old enough to remember what was happening at the tail  end of World War II. We learned a lesson. We learned to be prepared,  and for a long period of time, we had the best of everything. We had  the best modern equipment, all of this, and that isn't the case today.  Americans take for granted that we have the best of everything, but we  don't. It is just not true anymore.   Don't just take my word for it, you know, just take it from me; a  couple of weeks ago, our Nation's No. 2 military adviser, General  Hyten--no one disagreed--I don't know of anyone who would actually  argue with General Hyten. He was explaining how China is on pace to  surpass us if we don't do something to change what is going on today.  That is General Hyten. I don't know a more knowledgeable person  anywhere in America or elsewhere.   We can meet these challenges. We can put our country back on the  right track. That is going to take real investment and real strategy.  Congress has a very important role to play here. We pass the National  Defense Authorization Act and Defense appropriations each year, and  every year, we give our military what it needs to set this thing right.   Now, I am proud to say that this year's NDAA goes a long ways to  making our country more secure. I am not saying it is perfect, but it  is very good and a necessary start. And that is what this is all about  now. It is what we are going to be passing--I am talking about tomorrow  or the next day--and going into this long process that includes both  the House and the Senate.    So let's start with one of the biggest ways to strengthen our  national defense: authorizing an additional $25 billion in funding for  the Department of Defense. This is just a floor for defense spending.   Now, it is important that we understand this President has not been a  good President in terms of building the national defense. He just  isn't. You know, his budget request shortchanged our national defense.  In fact, if you put his budget numbers in terms of defense and  nondefense, the amount that goes to nondefense averages about a 16- percent increase, and the amount that goes to defense is a 1.6-percent  increase. Now, that is the President's budget. It is not my budget. It  is not our budget. It hasn't passed, but nonetheless, that gives you an  idea of where we are right now. The emphasis is not on defense. It  should be, and it is not.   President Biden's budget request shortchanged the national defense.  It didn't even keep pace with out-of-control inflation. Inflation right  now--the figure is above the 1.6 percent, and that is where we are  today. It actually cut funding for our military even as we face the  growing threats that I mentioned. And we are talking about the-- compared to the inflation thing that is happening right now. So I am  glad the Armed Services Committee almost unanimously adopted my  amendment to increase the Department of Defense's budget top line. This  is the bare minimum of what we need to meet the threats that we face.  This is what underscores everything we do.   The bill also makes sure this money is spent the right way. As we  have for the past few years, we are using the 2018 national defense  strategy--that is this book I referenced just a minute ago--as kind of  our roadmap, and we are using this for that.   The NDAA focuses on the Indo-Pacific, which is our priority theater,  by emphasizing investment in the region through the Pacific Deterrence  Initiative, the PDI, which we started in last year's bill.   The way this works is we are--it is continuing as time goes by. We  have a bill, and the bill is activated, usually in December, but then  we are already into the next year. So while this seems--people say: You  are only talking about one bill a year. It doesn't really work out that  way.   It strengthens our supply chain so we are not reliant upon China, but  we are doing that right now. It addresses the threats posed from  information warfare, and it deters the foreign malign influence. It  also stands strong against Russia.   Perhaps most importantly, it provides critical lethal aid to Ukraine,  and we know that these things are working. While radios and cold- weather gear are needed, they won't deter Putin's strategy and his  ambitions. Weapons like the Javelin anti-tank missiles, on the other  hand, remind him that invading and annexing Kyiv will have real and  concrete costs.   We know Russia and China are expanding their nuclear arsenals. Our  nuclear stockpile serves as the cornerstone for our deterrent, so we  have to keep it safe, secure, and effective. That is why the NDAA  supports the nuclear modernization our military commanders say is their  top priority.   It provides support for our allies and partners around the world.  Unfortunately, our allies and partners are questioning our commitment  right now after what happened in Afghanistan, and they are feeling like  they were being told and not consulted. They didn't even know--that  withdrawal that should not have taken place but did take place in  Afghanistan is one that they were not even aware of.   It provides the reassurance of American credibility that they  desperately need to rebuild and cement those relationships. With strong  allies and partners around the world, we will ensure the balance of  power in our favor, but we are not there yet.   When it comes to hard power, this bill makes serious investments in  equipment we need to fight and win wars now--growing our naval fleet,  expanding next-generation fighter capability, and providing for the  largest investment in military construction in a decade.   It looks to the future too. We know that we need to accelerate  innovation and develop the technology that is going to help defeat  whatever our enemies might throw our way. Yet, in many of these  emerging technologies, we risk falling behind. In some cases, we  already have fallen behind. It is kind of hard for us to accept that in  America, as we went through several decades--I think since the Second  World War--not falling behind, but we have now. So this year's NDAA  invests in defense technology that would put us back ahead of our  competitors. That is our goal. Things like microelectronics, artificial  intelligence, hypersonic weapons, 5G--these are the areas that we are  working on to get back in the driver's seat. We have fallen behind. It  is hard to say that, that America is falling behind.   You know, General Hyten said recently something that I really think  is important for everyone to hear. He said that we must ``focus on  speed and re-inserting speed back in the process of the Pentagon . . .  and that means taking risk, and that means learning from failures, and  that means failing fast and moving fast.''   I have to say that General Hyten is certainly one of the greatest  warriors of our time. We should be listening to him.    We have serious problems. We have to get policies and authorities in  place to let the Pentagon move quickly and, as General Hyten put it,  ``fail fast.'' As he retires this week, I think it is clear  [[Page S8417]]  why he is a national hero. He knows what is going on.   Now, too much is hampered by bureaucracy at the Pentagon. The NDAA  encourages the Pentagon to move faster, to take risks, and to jumpstart  the innovation that we need to succeed, but we have to realize the  impact.   This is really the most important thing this bill does. We take care  of our troops. People talk all the time about how much we spend on  military. I hear a lot of people around who don't think we need a  strong military. A lot of them talk about why we spend more on our  military than Russia and China put together.   Yes, that is true; but we have costs that others don't have.  Communist countries don't have the cost of taking care of their people.  In fact, the most important thing we do is take care of our troops.  Even though China and Russia are building up and modernizing their  militaries, they don't take care of their people--they don't claim to  take care of their people--and we do. The most expensive thing we do in  our military is to take care of our military. We take care of the  schools and the people who are out there taking the risk.   This bill takes care of our troops in so many ways. It improves their  healthcare. It provides education and childcare for their children, and  makes sure their spouses can have meaningful employment as they move  from area to area. It is a unique problem that our spouses do have, as  they are moving around the country.   And so, again, we are competing with China and Russia and other  countries, and none of them have this problem. This is the greatest  expense that we do. Our servicemembers represent the very best in the  country. If they do have to go into harm's way, it is our  responsibility that they are the best prepared, best equipped, and the  best led forces in the battlefield, and the bill does that.   But we don't want them to go to war. We want to prevent those wars  from happening. As I said earlier, the best way we do that is by  projecting strength, sending a message to our adversaries that there is  no chance that they can beat us.   The NDAA is the major way that we send that message. And that is why  the NDAA--the National Defense Authorization Act, the most significant  bill of the year--has been enacted into law every year for the past 60  years. This will be the 61st year.   So we are going to get it passed, but it almost never comes up this  late in the year. This is the disadvantage we are working from, but it  always gets done eventually. We still have a lot of work left to do  after this and not a lot of time to do it.   You know, we can't afford late starts. If you do late starts,  sometimes it ends up being just down to four people. Both my partner  and I have been in this situation where we have been down to what they  call the big four, making all these decisions ourselves. That is not  what we are supposed to be doing. That is not what we want to do. But  that is why the NDAA has been enacted into law every year for 60 years.   We built this bill around Member requests. This is unique. This is  something people need to understand. We are getting our requests from  the Members that are serving with us here in the Senate. We are going  to have an open amendment process. We are going to have an open  amendment process, and this is what we have committed ourselves to do,  to make sure we are doing. So you will get another chance to mark up  this bill.   So what we are doing right now is very important. You got to keep in  mind, it is going to be done by the House; it is going to be done by  the Senate. It is going to be something that is the most significant  thing that is happening this year. But we could never work too hard or  too long for our troops and national defense.   I know some of my colleagues are concerned about one provision we've  got--that we have in this bill at this time, which was added in markup  and included in the House bill too. Now, I oppose the addition of this  provision, which changes the military draft--what the military draft  does. And I want you to hear this because, if enacted, it would expand  the draft so that it is not just about finding combat replacements to  serve on the frontlines; it also requires women to register for the  Selective Service, not just men.   I've always said, as a product of the draft myself, I know what the  draft is. I was there and I served. I have always said that I  understand that and I think the draft is essential. It changed my life,  certainly. But I am strongly opposed to drafting our daughters and our  granddaughters. So this is going to be coming up. We are going to be  talking about this. Everything is going to be out in the open. Get  ready for that fight, because that fight is coming, OK?   That is why I submitted an amendment to strike this provision from  the underlying bill, and I will work to get it out of any conference  report as well, OK?   Last week, we marked Veterans Day, and that should be a reminder to  all of us why we do this. In fact, we have got 2.2 million reasons to  do this--2.2 million future veterans--our volunteer force, who put  their lives in harm's way and who rely on this bill getting done. And  that doesn't even include their families, who are sacrificing so much.  So that's out there, we know, and that is going to happen.   I know my colleagues understand this. I know they understand our  responsibility to our troops and to the American people. And so I look  forward to our debate on this bill, and then passing it in the  traditional, bipartisan way, as we always do; and, together, we are  going to fulfill our constitutional duty and meet these challenges that  we face, and we have little time to waste in doing this.   So this is the most significant bill of the year. That is what we are  going to do. We are going to get it done. And let's go do it right, OK?   I yield the floor.    Would the Senator yield?    Let me thank my partner there for all the hard work that  we have done together.   Not many people understand the process that we go through every year.  It is an exhaustive process to get just to where we are today.   First of all, I would say that, out of all the amendments that were  discussed, I support all of them. We didn't get a chance to really see  who did and who didn't support them, but I support them all.   When we start one of these processes each year--we do this every  year--the first thing we do is that we send a notice out. We send a  notice out to each Member and ask each Member: What types of things are  you interested in?   And we send this out to all--to each Member of the House and the  Senate, and they send their notices in as to what they want, when they  want it, and how they want it. Then we put them and marry them in with  other Democrats and Republicans who want the same thing and try to get  these lists shaved down a little bit. And we have been successful in  doing it. Right now, there are 60 cleared amendments. That is 60. That  is about the same number we had last year and the same number we had  before.   I was disappointed that we had to waste a lot of time. My fellow  Senator from Oklahoma, James Lankford, made the comment that we should  have been on this bill for 2 weeks or longer. I agree; we should have.  We couldn't do it. We didn't have it.   I have to say that the leader--the Democratic leader--didn't allow  this to come up so that we could do this. We didn't have a choice. As  Republicans, we didn't have a choice, and we were united in wanting to  get started earlier. As a result of that, a lot of Democrats and  Republicans have lost their opportunity to get heard and to have  amendments considered.   The system is good. It is one that has worked for a long time. This  is going to work. When we stop to think about the number of hours that  are spent wading through all of these amendments, this does take place.   I would compliment our chairman of the committee. We have worked very  well together. We have gotten to this point. We will have to get this  thing finished, and we will. But, nonetheless, we have an exhaustive  policy that we have considered year after year after year. That is  where we are today.   With that, I yield the floor.   