 Madam President, today I rise to pay tribute to Barbara  A. O'Malley, a beloved wife, mother, grandmother, great-grandmother,  dedicated public servant, and a veritable institution here in the U.S.  Senate. She passed away last month at the age of 93.   Barbara Ann Suelzer, the daughter of Joseph and Martha Dix Suelzer,  was born in 1928 and raised in Fort Wayne, IN. As a young woman, she  was determined to learn how to fly. She obtained her pilot's license  when she was 18, using $100 she received for graduating from high  school to pay for the lessons, and later joined the Civil Air Patrol.  She was also passionate about politics and especially about being a  proud Democrat. She went to Washington to work for her local  Congressman and met her future husband, Thomas Martin O'Malley, at the  Young Democrats headquarters; they were married in 1954.   Over the next 30 years, Barbara O'Malley raised six children--one of  whom, Martin J. O'Malley, became Governor of Maryland. She was a  devoted mother, grandmother to 15 grandchildren, and great-grandmother  to 8 great-grandchildren.   In 1986, with her children grown, Barbara O'Malley returned to  Capitol Hill to work as a receptionist for another Barbara--Barbara  Mikulski--who was elected to the Senate that year. She was ecstatic to  work for a female Senator. At the time, there were just two female  Senators: Senator Mikulski and Senator Nancy Kassebaum from Kansas.  Barbara O'Malley stayed in the Senate for as long as Senator Mikulski  did--30 years. During that time, she made the Mikulski staff,  constituents, other Senators and their staff, and everyone else who  visited the Mikulski office an extension of the O'Malley family.  Everyone who knew her felt that bond.   Mrs. O, as everyone affectionately called her, had an unwavering  cheerfulness, a graciousness, and an uplifting spirit that made her one  of the most admired figures on Capitol Hill and around Maryland. I  always looked forward to seeing her when I would visit Senator  Mikulski's office, which was located just around the corner from my own  office. Everyone who knew her treasured her political acumen and  institutional knowledge, not just of history and politics and Congress  but of the very buildings themselves here on Capitol Hill. Her genuine  devotion to public service reflected her strong values and character,  which her own children have carried on in their own careers and in  service to our State of Maryland and to all Americans. Her legacy will  live on in the hearts of those she loved, befriended, inspired,  counseled, and mentored.   Mrs. O set so many fine examples for her family and everyone  fortunate enough to know her. I work on retirement issues, and one  thing experts recommend is for people to keep working if they enjoy  their work and are able to continue meeting whatever challenges it  presents. After Mrs. O spent 30 years raising her family, she returned  to the workforce at an age when many people are retiring or close to  retiring, and then she worked for 30 years, until she was 88. Mrs. O  was a remarkable woman who gave enormously of herself. Myrna and I join  the O'Malley family, Senator Mikulski and her staff, and so many other  here in the Senate and across our State, in mourning the death of this  wonderful woman, but more importantly, we celebrate and give thanks for  her extraordinary life.   As Ralph Waldo Emerson said, ``To laugh often and much; to win the  respect of the intelligent people and the affection of children; to  earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of  false friends; to appreciate beauty; to find the beauty in others; to  leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a garden  patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know that one life has  breathed easier because you lived here. This is to have succeeded.'' At  home with her family, in her community, and here in the U.S. Senate,  Mrs. O certainly succeeded.   Mr. President, I am not the only person who would like to pay tribute  to 