 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting us this  evening.   Every single person here laments the crime that is occurring in our  country, the people that lose their lives to crime. Every single one of  us laments that, especially when it comes to the inability to defend  yourself or your family. It is unacceptable; it is horrific.   Unfortunately, my friends on the other side of the aisle, the  Democrats, want to defund the police and disarm America, essentially  destroying the Constitution.   Now, they will tell you it is all about safety, because they, too,  lament these lost lives as we do. But ladies and gentlemen, it is not  really about safety; it is about control.   Now, there is a country close to us that has pretty strict gun  control. There is one gun store in the country to our south, one, where  you can buy a gun legally. The country is Mexico. Their homicide rate  is five to six times that of the United States.   Remember, we lament every single lost life, especially those where  people cannot defend themselves.   But that is what this is about. My friends on the other side of the  aisle want to destroy the Constitution to control you.   Like I said, we lament every single lost life. In Mexico, you can  barely own a firearm legally, with five or six times the murder rate.   What is happening in the United States of America? We are defunding  the police and taking the rights and the ability of law-abiding  citizens away from them to defend themselves in these cities: Chicago,  New York City, Baltimore, Los Angeles, Detroit--strictest gun control  in America. It is actually worse there than it is in Mexico. It is  actually worse there, 10 times the homicide rate.   Ladies and gentlemen, do not let the Federal Government take your  rights away. The Constitution says this right shall not be infringed  upon.   I come from Pennsylvania, and it says the right to defend yourself-- the right to defend yourself, the right to bear arms and defend  yourself shall not be questioned. We are not going to allow it to be  questioned here.   