 Mr. Speaker, the Army Ranger Creed reads, in part: ``I will  never leave a fallen comrade to fall into the hands of the enemy.''   Today, Afghans who worked for U.S. forces are in grave danger. The  organization No One Left Behind, a nonprofit that advocates for the  relocation of Afghan interpreters to the U.S., says that more than 300  translators or their relatives have already been killed since 2014, but  that number only increasing every day.   We cannot allow a slow bureaucracy to cost the lives of Afghans who  served alongside our men and women.   As an Army Ranger and paratrooper, I served in both Iraq and  Afghanistan. In both places, I worked very closely with Iraqi and  Afghan interpreters who were absolutely critical to me accomplishing my  mission.   Mr. Speaker, I am not somebody who many people in this House would  say is prone to hyperbole or exaggeration, but I can say with  confidence that I might not be here today speaking to all of my  colleagues had it not been for these men and women who trusted us, who  fought with us, who died with us, shoulder to shoulder.   They provided this service at great risk to themselves and their  families, and they did so with courage and the understanding that we  would stand with them and provide a safe haven if and when necessary.   Well, my friends and colleagues, that time has come.   Today, we are considering the HOPE for Afghan SIVs Act to allow the  administration to waive the requirement that Afghan special immigrant  visa applicants undergo a medical examination while in Afghanistan.  [[Page H3222]]    As my colleagues already pointed out, there is currently one facility  in Kabul that conducts all of these examinations. It is already  dangerous and increasingly dangerous to get to that facility, to work  through the backlog, and to afford those examinations.   Under our bill, recipients would be required to get a medical  examination within 30 days of arriving in the United States.   Let me be clear. Nothing in this bill would impact the security  screening and vetting process for these applicants. The National  Security Council estimates that this change could decrease the SIV  process by approximately 1 month per applicant.   My colleagues, in combat and in a war zone, every hour matters.  Minutes seem like hours, days like weeks. A month will save many, many  lives.   We wouldn't be considering this bill on the floor today if it weren't  for a broad coalition of supporters.   To my friend and colleague, Representative Wenstrup, I thank him for  his partnership. I know how important this is to him, too, for personal  reasons.   Mr. Speaker, to the members of the Honoring Our Promises Working  Group, I thank them for their steadfast attention to this issue and for  their support of this bill, Republicans and Democrats alike.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Leader Hoyer, Chairman Nadler, Chairwoman  Lofgren, and her subcommittee staff, Ami Shah and Betsy Lawrence, for  working very late the last couple of weeks to make sure we got this  deal done.   The American handshake needs to mean something, not just in and of  itself. But we are strong as a country not because we have aircraft  carrier battle groups, fighters, and tanks. We are strong because we  have friends. And to have friends, we need to be a friend. We must  stand by our partners.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the HOPE  for Afghan SIVs Act.   