 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2225, the National  Science Foundation for the Future Act.   This legislation is one of two Science Committee bills under  consideration today to reinforce America's global scientific leadership  and fend off competition from the Chinese Communist Party.   Together, the NSF for the Future Act and the Department of Energy  Science for the Future Act represent a comprehensive and sustainable  approach to building American competitiveness.   Before I discuss the specifics of the NSF for the Future Act, I want  to emphasize why it is so critical we act now to counter the threat  from the Communist leadership in China and reinvest in American science  and technology.   Make no mistake, this is a threat. For years, China has been working  to steal, both literally and figuratively, our playbook for innovation.  That is because leading the world in science and technology gives you a  significant advantage when it comes to national security,  cybersecurity, and economic growth.   It is no wonder, then, that we have seen the Chinese Communist Party  pursue a technological advantage over us through forced acquisitions,  malign foreign talent programs, and intellectual property theft.   They are also outspending us, plain and simple. China's R&D spending  increased more than 50 percent between 2011 and 2016. In that same  period, our investment fell by 12 percent, in absolute terms.   There is no question, we must act now to redouble our commitment to  American research and development if we are to remain the global leader  in science and technology.   This issue is so important that even our colleagues in the Senate  have decided to address it. And while some legislative observers have  noted that their approach to this has been less organized and focused,  I appreciate that they recognize the urgency of the problem we are  facing.   While the Senate chose to tack on countless special interest  provisions, the House Science Committee approached this in a  deliberative manner, spending more than a year working with  stakeholders in government, academia, and industry to identify the best  way to invest in our research enterprise and support American  competitiveness.   The result is two bipartisan bills that significantly increase  research funding while adding strong protections to keep it safe from  foreign theft.   The NSF for the Future Act doubles funding for basic research over 5  years, investing a total of $78 billion.   It also includes $13 billion in funding for a new Directorate for  Science and Engineering Solutions, focused on translating the  discoveries funded by the foundation into solutions that can be applied  to national and societal challenges.  [[Page H3203]]    H.R. 2225 helps expand our STEM workforce so that, as we create the  technological jobs of the future, we are also developing American  workers to fill them. It invests in STEM education at every level, from  pre-K to post-doc programs, ensuring all Americans have access to high- quality STEM resources.   Our bill also expands the geographic diversity of American R&D by  building research capabilities at minority-serving institutions and  universities outside of the top 100 research institutions.   Importantly, the NSF for the Future Act has a strong focus on  protecting taxpayer-funded research from adversaries like China,  Russia, and Iran. Among the protections included in the bill is a  provision that prohibits any grant recipients from participating in  malign talent recruitment programs, like the Thousand Talents program.   Protections like these are all the more important as we increase  investments in our research enterprise.   H.R. 2225 is a strategic and sustainable approach to investing in  America science and technology. I would like to thank my colleague,  Chairwoman Eddie Bernice Johnson, for all of the work she has done with  me to get this bill before the floor today.   At every step in this process, Science Committee Republicans and  Democrats have worked together to identify the challenges we face and  craft the strongest possible legislation to support American  competitiveness. That is due in large part to the chairwoman's  leadership and our shared commitment to making sure America has the  best research and development enterprise in the world.   Mr. Speaker, with U.S. leadership in science and technology at risk,  the U.S. must recommit to supporting basic research, cutting-edge  facilities, and a thriving domestic STEM workforce.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to take action now by  supporting the NSF for the Future Act, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Waltz), the ranking member of the Research and Technology  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa  (Mr. Feenstra).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Obernolte), the ranking member of the Investigations  and Oversight Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My colleagues have done a great job today of explaining all the many  reasons we need to pass the National Science Foundation for the Future  Act to keep America globally competitive. I thank them for their  support of this legislation.   I also want to thank my staff for all the hard work they have done on  this bill. America's scientific and technological competitiveness has  been my highest priority as ranking member of the Science Committee. My  staff has worked long and hard to create a smart, strategic approach to  doubling our investments in research and development, and I appreciate  all they have done.   I also want to thank Chairwoman Johnson's staff for working so  closely with us to ensure that we have a bipartisan plan to invest in  America's science and technology leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the NSF for the Future  Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 3593, the Department of Energy Science for  the Future Act. This legislation, along with H.R. 2225, the NSF for the  Future Act is a comprehensive and strategic approach for investing in  American research and development.   For decades, America has been the global leader in science and  technology development. That success is no accident. It is the result  of two things: A cultural commitment to innovation and exploration, and  a sustained investment in basic research.   This is what makes us uniquely successful. The Federal Government  funds high-risk, high-reward basic research that expands our  fundamental knowledge of science and technology. This research, which  is too costly for the marketplace to fund, produces discoveries that  can then be commercialized through private industry.   Our system maximizes taxpayer investment and takes advantage of  strong public-private partnerships to keep America at the cutting edge  of technological progress.   Unfortunately, our adversaries in China are investing more than us in  R&D in an attempt to take over the lead in science and technology.   The way to stay ahead of China isn't adopting their method of a top- down, government-mandated, applied research agenda. It is to reinvest  in the basic research, infrastructure, and STEM workers that have  always driven American progress.   H.R. 3593 does just that. It is the first comprehensive authorization  of the Office of Science, which is our Nation's largest Federal sponsor  of basic research in the physical sciences. The DOE Science for the  Future Act invests $50 billion over 5 years in the Office of Science  and the national labs, national scientific user facilities, and the  thousands of researchers its supports.   The DOE Science for the Future Act is an investment in our  technological and clean energy future. It funds research into  materials, chemical, biological, and environmental sciences, as well as  fusion energy, advanced computing capacities, and cutting edge  technologies like artificial intelligence and quantum sciences.   We already know that investments in basic research pay large  dividends. For example, basic research conducted in our national labs  gave us improved hydraulic fracturing technology and allowed us to  produce more clean natural gas. This reduced emissions, lowered energy  costs for Americans, and helped us become a net total energy exporter  for the first time in decades.   That is why everyone who cares about clean energy must care about the  research supported by H.R. 3593. Investing in high-risk, early-stage  research into cutting edge technologies is the only way to ensure that  America stays at the head of the clean energy economy.    Another important provision in the DOE Science for the Future Act is  the creation of a crosscutting Emerging Infectious Disease Research  Initiative to build on DOE's work to better model, understand, and  fight infectious diseases.   As they have shown time and again during the COVID-19 pandemic, our  national labs have an important role to play in supporting public  health. This legislation gives them the resources they need to continue  this work.   H.R. 3593 also funds much-needed infrastructure updates for our  national labs and user facilities. Our ability to conduct world-leading  science depends on having access to world-leading equipment and  facilities.   It also requires having skilled STEM professionals to conduct that  research. Our bill includes workforce development and education  provisions so that we have a thriving STEM pipeline to fill the  technological jobs of the future.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3593 is a forward-looking bill that is badly needed  right now to drive American progress and to keep us globally  competitive.   As with the NSF for the Future Act, this legislation was drafted with  extensive input in a bipartisan fashion, and the result is a strategic  and responsible investment in the next generation of breakthrough  energy technologies.   I thank my friend Chairwoman Johnson for all her work with me on this  bill, and I urge my colleagues to pass this now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Weber), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, America's scientific and technological leadership is  being threatened by the Chinese Communist Party, and we must act  urgently to reinvest in our own research and development enterprise.   H.R. 3593 redoubles our commitment to the basic research conducted by  the Department of Energy's Office of Science and our national  laboratories. Together with the NSF for the Future Act, it is a  comprehensive and sustainable approach to American competitiveness.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my staff for everything they have done to help  draft this important legislation. I thank my friend, Chairwoman  Johnson, and her staff for working with us to include Republican  priorities and ensure that this is a truly bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   