 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member Luetkemeyer  very much, as well as Chairwoman Velazquez, for working on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4481, the Small Business 7(a)  Loan Agent Transparency Act, introduced by my colleague, Mr. Phillips  of Minnesota.   In fiscal year 2020, the SBA's 7(a) loan program made approximately  42,000 loans, totaling over $22 billion, providing creditworthy small  businesses access to capital they could not obtain elsewhere. In some  cases, these loans are facilitated by third-party loan agents. These  loan agents can be attorneys, accountants, consultants, or others who  assist a lender or borrower with their loan.   As recent as last year, the SBA's Office of Inspector General issued  reports highlighting the need for the SBA to improve its oversight of  loan agents. The SBA's OIG cited at least 22 cases of confirmed loan  agent fraud, totaling at least $335 million in taxpayer money.    This bill addresses bipartisan concerns with third-party loan agents  involved in the SBA 7(a) loan program by creating a registration system  for loan agents that can be used to track and evaluate performance of  loans generated by loan agents.   I would like to thank Congressman Phillips for working with me to  address the role loan agents play in this program and ensure that both  Congress and the SBA remain good stewards of taxpayer dollars.   I look forward to continuing to work in a bipartisan manner to ensure  the SBA has the correct procedures in place for the growing number of  loan agents within its flagship 7(a) loan program.   I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge a  ``yes'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 4531, the  7(a) Loan Agent Oversight Act.   First, I would like to thank Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking Member  Luetkemeyer for advancing this bill to the House floor. I would also  like to thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Phillips) for working  together on this important legislation.   The 7(a) loan program is considered the flagship program of the SBA.  It is an important tool for helping small firms gain access to capital.  Unfortunately, the SBA's Office of Inspector General has highlighted a  need for improved oversight of the 7(a) loan agents due to increased  risk of fraud associated with these agents.   To ensure that Congress can properly address these issues, we must  have the information necessary to determine how to mitigate these  risks. Without accurate information, we cannot perform the proper  oversight that is needed to safeguard and protect American taxpayer  dollars.   My bill will ensure that Congress receives the data it needs to  conduct proper oversight of the 7(a) loan program by requiring the SBA  to develop and publish an annual portfolio risk analysis for Congress  on loan agents that operate within the program. Specifically, the  analysis will examine the number of fraudulent loans that are  associated with the loan agents as well as the default rate of the  loans associated with these agents.   At the end of the day, these are government programs that were  developed to assist small businesses in gaining access to capital.  Given this important mission, Congress and the SBA must conduct the  appropriate level of oversight.   The information that will be provided to Congress under H.R. 4531  will be paramount as we measure the effectiveness of these programs and  whether the SBA has the correct oversight requirements in place to  administer such a significant program.  [[Page H6093]]    For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4531, the 7(a)  Loan Agent Oversight Act.    Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Missouri, the  Republican leader of the Small Business Committee, Mr. Luetkemeyer.   Madam Speaker, I am, as all of us are, I think, deeply concerned  about  [[Page H6108]]  the adverse impacts that the Democrats' budget reconciliation plan, as  it is called, will have on our Nation's small businesses.   Today, small businesses are battling severe labor shortages,  escalating energy costs, inflationary pressures, supply chain  disruptions, and potential mandates that are causing uncertainty and  threatening small businesses' viability. That is happening today.   All Members of Congress should be focused on pro-growth policies to  help empower small businesses, startups, and American entrepreneurs. We  should be discussing a smart deregulatory environment that allows the  smallest firms to operate independently.   Instead, our Democrat colleagues are attempting to push through  completely partisan legislation with trillions of dollars in reckless  spending and over $420 billion, at least, in tax hikes on Main Street  job creators.   Small businesses need better and they deserve better. Approximately  two-thirds of American jobs are created by small businesses, so their  strength is our Nation's economic strength. President Biden continues  to tell business owners, and all of us, that this bill is going to  reduce inflation and create jobs.   This reconciliation bill--by the way, that is reconciliation with a  ``W'' because it will do the exact opposite. It will wreck our economy,  unless somehow the President and the Democrats have figured out how to  defy basic economic principles, which is pretty much like trying to  defy gravity.   You cannot disincentive work and create more workers. You can't flood  the economy with more dollars and drive down inflation. This just isn't  how it works. It is against the simple laws of cause and effect.   Presently, we have a labor crisis that is at historic levels. How do  new government programs that disincentivize work support millions of  small business owners who are struggling to fill open jobs?   Has anyone ever met a single small business owner who believes  raising their taxes will somehow help them build back better? The  answer is a resounding no.   Most of us know this firsthand. I worked in small business for years.  I hold regular business townhalls and talk with small businesses every  day. We hold hearings where small businesses are saying the same thing.   Higher taxes, pending mandates, expanding the IRS--that will be a  welcomed addition to their day--inflation, energy costs. I just got a  text from a businessperson sending me a picture of over $4 a gallon  gasoline and saying--well, I won't repeat what he said. Product  shortages and labor shortages are smothering and perplexing American  businesses. Small business owners are literally pulling their hair out.  They are working harder and getting less for it.   Small businesses are not asking us to spend billions on a civilian  climate corps or more IRS agents or amnesty, but they are demanding  that Congress not raise their taxes, not issue confusing mandates, and  that we won't make it more difficult for them not to just prosper but  to survive.   It is time for the Democrats to halt this reckless tax-and-spend  spree that does nothing but exacerbate the numerous crises facing  Americans today. Reconciliation is a bad bill, it has been an even  worse process, and it is truly an insult to small businesses who are  counting on us.   