 Madam President, what the senior Senator from Iowa just  said is exactly right, and unfortunately, the Biden inflation tax  increase is real, and it is already here.  [[Page S4880]]    We warned about it earlier this year when our friends on the  Democratic side decided to spend almost $2 trillion that was  unnecessary, and here it is. Just the other day, consumer prices  increased by 5.4 percent. This represents the largest year over year  price surge since 2008. It is a tax increase on every American  consumer.   And then today, even worse news, the producer price increased 7.3  percent. We are in an inflation problem. It is caused by this  unnecessary spending spree that we have been on this year. We have  known about it--now, we see the statistics--because we felt it at home.   And the senior Senator from Iowa mentioned what he was hearing during  the break. Mississippians are paying more for a tank of gas, for a  gallon of milk. They are paying more for a new home, for a used car.  Used car prices have shot up by 10 percent since May and by 45 percent  since June of last year--used cars, up by 45 percent. That is real  inflation, and it affects real working Americans.   The hard reality is that our economy is now saturated with a tsunami  of spending unleashed by the Democratic majority back in March, when  party leaders abandoned what has been a balanced and bipartisan  approach in the year 2020 to COVID relief. I would remind my colleagues  that in February, the Congressional Budget Office had predicted our  economy was already going to return to its prepandemic size by midyear  without the spending of a new $2 trillion.   As the senior Senator from Iowa mentioned, Larry Summers, a longtime  Democratic adviser, an adviser to President Obama, warned that more  stimulus could overheat the economy and cause inflation. And more  spending came and the economy got overheated, and we are faced with  real statistics about inflation that cannot be denied.   Our Democratic friends brushed off that warning and instead pumped  trillions more of borrowed money into our economy. Our Nation's money  supply has increased by an unheard of 31 percent since the pandemic.  Now, some of it, we had to do in the year 2020, when the economy had  fallen off a cliff, but we are halfway through 2021, the Fed is still  printing cash, and the majority party in this body seems intent on  spending trillions more.   As a result, inflation is now eating away at family earnings, at bank  accounts, at 401(k) savings accounts, most of which are shrinking as a  share of the economy. Loss of purchasing power is making it harder for  Americans to buy a home, start a family, or send their children to  college. All of this should serve as a caution to all of us, to our  friends on the other side of the aisle. This week's Consumer Price  Index and today's Producer Price Index information are an early alarm  bell signaling that this Congress and the Biden administration are  courting runaway inflation.    I yield the floor.    Madam President, if I might, I ask unanimous consent that  Senators Marshall, Scott of Florida, and Murray be permitted to speak  for up to 5 minutes each.   