 Mr. President, I rise today to say thank you. I rise  today to say thank you to President Biden and Secretary of State  Blinken. They have both announced today, though it had been rumored for  several days, that the United States of America is about to make  available 500 million doses of the coronavirus vaccine to our friends  and neighbors across the world. And I hope the President and the  Secretary are willing to offer even more, if necessary.   We have learned a lot about the virus and the disease that it causes.  I will mention three things. No. 1, we have learned that the virus came  from China; No. 2, we have learned that the best vaccines for the virus  came from the United States of America; and No. 3, we have learned that  the pandemic is not over.   Yes, things are better in the United States. And we are so blessed in  that regard, and I am so thankful. That is a combination of Americans  receiving the vaccine; it is a combination of Americans being careful  in their behavior. Our coronavirus rates are a combination of people  who contracted the disease and therefore have the antibodies, and that  is why our numbers are going down, and we are also thankful for that.   But that is not the situation in other parts of the world. If you go  to South America, if you go to Central America, if you ask anyone--if  you ask Sub-Saharan Africa about how things are going in terms of the  pandemic, it is alive and well and raging. And our friends and  neighbors need the help, and I am grateful today that President Biden  and Secretary of State Blinken are going to make that help available.   For a couple of reasons, it makes sense to show the world what U.S.  leadership really means. No. 1, it is the right thing to do. It is the  moral thing to do. We developed a vaccine. We need to share it. That  doesn't mean that we have to require pharmaceutical companies to share  their patented and protected information. I think that is a real  mistake. We can accomplish everything through licensing agreements. But  we do need to share.   No. 2, this makes sense in terms of our national security. It is not  the most important reason to do this but in terms of national security  and the rest of our neighbors throughout the world understanding that  the American people are generous and that we help other folks when they  are down.   No. 3, it makes sense for the President and the Secretary to do this  in terms of geopolitical terms. China is trying to do the same thing  that we are going to do in terms of making vaccines available  throughout the world. And I thank China for that, and I thank the  Chinese people. The Chinese people are wonderful people. Their  leadership, not so much.   The Chinese people--let me say it again--the people of China are  wonderful. The leadership of the Communist Party of China is a bunch of  pirates. But I am thankful they are willing to make vaccines available.  The problem is, they are making their own vaccine available, which is  inferior to the American vaccine, and, No. 2, in many cases, their  vaccine diplomacy--``their'' meaning, of course, the Chinese Communist  Party's vaccine diplomacy--is tied to conditions.   Yes, says the Chinese Communist Party, we will share our vaccine with  you if you will help us take over Taiwan. Yes, we will share our  vaccine with you, say members of the Communist Party of China, if you  will join with us in saying that the Communist Party of China is doing  nothing wrong in hiding the origin of the coronavirus.   That is not what we are doing.   Our gift, as Americans, to the rest of the world is unconditional. It  is firm. It is categorical. It is the moral thing to do. It is the  smart thing to do, in terms of our own national security. We can't  completely recover until the world recovers. And No. 3, it makes  perfect sense, in my judgment, in explaining to the rest of the world  the difference between communism and the free enterprise system and the  hearts that lie behind both of those systems.   It is also, and I will close on this point--it is necessary. There  are very few countries in the world--we are blessed to be one of them-- that have the ability to manufacture, to store, and to distribute the  vaccine. Yes, it is wonderful to talk about, well, we are going to help  other countries with their--let's say, their manufacturing needs. We  should do that, but we don't  [[Page S4036]]  have enough time. We just don't have enough time because in the  developing world, when time is of the essence, they just don't have the  ability that we have to manufacture a vaccine, which is only part of  it; to store that vaccine, and these vaccines require very careful  protocol in terms of storage; and No. 3, to distribute it. We can do  all three, and President Biden, over the last several days, along with  Secretary of State Blinken, said we are about to show the world what  American leadership looks like. We are going to share our innovation  and our vaccines with our world's neighbors, and there are no strings  attached. And we are doing it because it is the right thing to do.   I think all Members of this Congress should join with the President  and should join with the Secretary of State in this effort. If they  need the resources, I think we should provide them, and let's all get  back on our feet together as a world.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   