 Madam President, in December, President Biden  promised he would not require Americans to be vaccinated or require  that they carry vaccine passports. Less than 10 months into his  Presidency, I think he must have forgotten what he said, breaking  promise after promise and going back on his word. How can the American  people believe anything he says?   Americans are sick and tired of the government telling them what to  do and are more than capable of making the right choices to protect  themselves, their families, and their neighbors. But now, because King  Biden has gone back on his word or forgotten what he said, millions of  Americans are facing an ultimatum: Get the vaccine or lose your job.  For companies, it is either make your employees get the jab or lose  your Federal contract.   This is a complete overreach of power. Biden wants to control our  lives and make the government be the authority in every area of your  life. Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that Biden has this  power--nowhere.   Listen, I had COVID. I am grateful that I was able to get vaccinated.  I hope that all Americans talk with their doctors and consider making  the same decision. It is a personal decision every individual gets to  make, but that is not how President Biden sees it. That is why I  introduced multiple pieces of legislation to push back on these  unconstitutional vaccine mandates.   I have introduced the Freedom to Fly Act to prohibit the TSA from  requiring Americans to show proof of vaccine or produce a vaccine  passport and protect the privacy of American families. I don't believe  that the Federal Government has any business requiring travelers to  turn over their personal medical information to catch a flight.   I introduced the Stop Mandating Additional Requirements for Travel  Act to prohibit the feds from requiring Americans to wear masks on  public transportation like Amtrak or on airplanes.   I also introduced the Prevent Unconstitutional Vaccine Mandates for  Interstate Commerce Act, which would prevent Federal Agencies like the  Department of Transportation from requiring proof of vaccination for  companies trying to do business across State lines.   Last month, I introduced legislation to prevent vaccine mandates from  being tied to a few of our Federal assistance programs, like Medicare,  Social Security, food stamps, and public housing. I hoped everyone in  this Chamber would have agreed that we shouldn't force struggling  American families to choose between Social Security disability checks  and a personal health decision.   Most Americans would be shocked if a politician said it is acceptable  to deny someone health insurance or food stamps simply because of their  vaccine status. Sadly, Madam President, this is exactly what happened  on this floor last month. All I did was request that Americans,  regardless of vaccine status, should be able to access a few of our  most essential government programs. My Democratic colleagues disagreed  every time. The Democratic Party leaves no room for disagreement. They  leave no room for compromise. I think it is shameful.   But unlike Joe Biden and Democrats in Washington, I don't believe  that government knows better than the American people. My parents  didn't have much of a formal education, but they worked hard and made  the choices they felt were right for the health and well-being of our  family.   As Biden tries to control the lives of every American family, our  economy is suffering. Inflation is already skyrocketing, and these  vaccine mandates are going to add to it.   Only weeks ago, the Federal Reserve published its latest Beige Book  report. In the report, the Fed found that vaccine mandates were widely  cited by businesses as a reason for low labor supply and hiring and  retention issues. The Federal Reserve admitted what I have been warning  about for weeks: Joe Biden's unconstitutional vaccine mandates are  causing higher turnover, driving Americans out of their jobs, and  further fueling the devastating supply chain and inflation crisis  plaguing American families.   When I think about the impact of vaccine mandates, I think about my  dad. My dad was a truckdriver. Anyone who has driven trucks or has been  close to someone in that line of work knows how demanding the job can  be. There is already a driver shortage in this country, and we can't  afford to lose any more due to unconstitutional vaccine mandates.    Consider first responders. Dozens of Massachusetts State troopers are  threatening to resign over vaccine mandates. Los Angeles County could  lose up to 10 percent of its police force. Chicago may see up to 50  percent of its police refusing to comply with vaccine mandates. Seattle  is preparing for a mass exodus of officers in the coming weeks due to  people who are quitting over vaccine mandates.   For the past several months, we have been seeing rises in violent  crime and problems in retaining police officers. We should not add to  that ongoing problem by forcing police officers to choose between their  jobs and taking a vaccine.   I have called on Secretary Raimondo and Secretary Buttigieg to come  before the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee to explain  what they are doing to prevent U.S. supply chains from completely  crumbling under Biden's failed policies and mandates. Sadly, I haven't  heard a word from them, but I do see them on TV all the time. These  people love to get on CNN and be commentators. That is not their job.  Their job isn't to just point out a problem; their job is to fix it.   Now, we have all seen the disruption that this virus has caused. Many  of us know someone who has fallen extremely ill or who has died because  of COVID. That is why I am very appreciative of all of those who have  worked so hard to develop the vaccine. But I am 100 percent against  these unconstitutional mandates.   Being vaccinated is a decision every American gets to make for  himself. It is an authoritarian overreach by King Biden to threaten  people with job loss unless they get the vaccine. Think about it. Why  on Earth would a President do something they know is going to cost  someone their job?   Our job within government is to provide people with good information  so they can make informed decisions and help create jobs, not kill  them. But we are seeing that everything Joe Biden does makes things  worse for families and businesses in Florida and across our great  country. It is time he rescinds his proposed unconstitutional vaccine  mandate.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Tennessee.   