 Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 1562, as  modified with the changes at the desk, and ask that it be reported by  number.    Madam President and Members of the Senate, what we are  going to be voting on shortly here, Senate Amendment No. 1562, is an  example of the bipartisanship that can be achieved if we put in the  hard work to work out the details and the differences between us on  very critical issues.   This is not just an amendment on one topic; this is an entire title,  the Finance Committee's title. The chairman of the Finance Committee,  Senator Wyden, and I have worked for months  [[Page S3837]]  together to identify that intersection--which is a big one, as you will  see--between Republicans and Democrats here in the Senate on trade  policy to help us to put together a package of strong trade policy that  will help us to stand up our efforts in pushing back against China in  one of the most critical arenas that we face: trade, our economy, and  working against the very nefarious activities that China is engaged in  to try to undercut us economically and to undercut our American  companies in our trade relationships.   Senator Wyden and I worked hard together to get this done, and I am  glad that we now have a package that can be put forward. As I said, it  is not just one provision; this is an entire trade title. Let me  summarize just some of the things that are in it.   It provides a comprehensive approach to combat China's manufacturing  imbalances, threats to free and fair trade, and illicit activity, which  undermine America's leadership in innovation. This legislation will  level the playing field for American consumers and companies, including  workers, farmers, fishers, families, and taking aim at China's worst  practices.   The amendment itself carries a bipartisan approach into a Senate-wide  effort to ensure that the United States is positioned effectively to  compete on a fair playing field globally--not just with China,  globally, but especially with China.   It bolsters efforts to prohibit goods made with forced labor from  reaching the United States by strengthening our Customs and Border  Protection enforcement efforts and through better use of the Seafood  Import Monitoring Program.   It provides modernized trade enforcement tools to U.S. Trade  Representatives to address anti-competitive digital trade and  censorship practices, like China's great firewall, by requiring the  USTR to identify trading partners that disrupt digital trade.   It appoints a USTR official to oversee information communication  technology and provides advance notice and text of proposals for any  digital trade agreements 5 days before they are tabled to facilitate  our efforts here in Congress to oversee an effective trade policy.   It requires a review of trade in essential supplies, including the  sources of imports, and analysis of any vulnerabilities, as well as  additional tools for businesses in the United States seeking reliable  suppliers.   It strengthens oversight over U.S. trade policy by providing an  inspector general to the USTR and by ensuring the application of  section 301 tariffs related to China are calibrated to provide the  necessary leverage to support American competition while ensuring U.S.  competitiveness in manufacturing.   It reauthorizes, critically, the miscellaneous tariff bill--what has  been called the MTB--and improved generalized system of preferences,  the GSP. That will promote human rights, the environment, women's  economic empowerment, and the rule of law and digital trade, and  restarts and reforms the critical section 301 product exclusion  process. These things might sound complicated, but it is our way of  standing up our American competitors in a very anti-competitive  environment dealing with China.   It expands the duties of the Interagency Center on Trade  Implementation, Monitoring, and Enforcement to include investigations  of practices, diffuse impacts on the economy and workers of the United  States where there is systemic impacts on the resiliency of multiple  critical domestic supply chains. Standing up and building out our  supply chains is critical in this economic competition.   It requires the U.S. Trade Representatives to initiate talks with the  Quad countries to develop a strategy on critical minerals to counter  China's dominant share of that global supply.   It requires the CBP to submit a report to Congress on achieving  supply chain transparency. CBP is seeking greater supply chain  transparency to address merchandise made with forced labor, with  counterfeits, and through a 21st Century Customs Framework Initiative.   It requires the USTR to brief Congress on the findings of a  forthcoming report by the Comptroller General of the United States  related to that critical 301 exclusion process.   It directs the USTR to enter into negotiations with allies to stop  the importation of goods made with stolen intellectual property into  the United States and allied countries. The theft of American  intellectual property is becoming critical to our ability to be  effectively competitive against China.   This list goes on. This is a major Finance Committee title that will  significantly strengthen U.S. competitiveness in response to the malign  activities that we continuously see growing from China. I encourage all  of my colleagues to support this important amendment.   Before I finish, I want to say what I was going to say at the  beginning of my remarks, and I alluded to it briefly. Senator Wyden and  I have had a very close and strong negotiation going on, and I  appreciate deeply the ability that we have to work together in a  bipartisan fashion to build this, and we will be building other very  important policies for this country. I just wanted to thank my  colleague Senator Wyden for his partnership in this effort.   