 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  thank him for his leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, yesterday, we learned that this year has broken all  historical records for illegal immigration. The CBP arrested 1.7  million foreign nationals illegally crossing our border this year. That  is the entire population of the States of Alaska, Wyoming, and Vermont  combined. And it is a Federal crime. It is a misdemeanor for the first  offense. It is a felony for reentry. Yet, this administration is not  only not prosecuting this crime; it is actively assisting and  encouraging it.   Today, the Attorney General, the official responsible for prosecuting  Federal crimes, could not even give us a ballpark guess of how many are  actually being prosecuted, and, I suspect, because that number is zero.   He couldn't tell us what is being done to enforce the Federal law  that forbids hiring illegals. He wasn't aware of President Biden's  inauguration day order to Immigration and Customs Enforcement not to  faithfully execute the law.   Now, I ask you, is it just possible that the administration's refusal  to enforce our immigration law might just have something to do with the  fact that our country is now being overwhelmed by this unprecedented  incursion on our border?   Ask any of the migrants. They will tell you the sole reason they are  coming is because of the Biden administration's decision to open the  border. Under Donald Trump's leadership, they say they never would have  considered making the trip, because we had achieved control of our  border for the first time in a generation.   Yet, on inauguration day, Mr. Biden reversed the Remain in Mexico  policy, he ordered ICE not to enforce the law, and he abandoned the  border wall.   This Attorney General has no idea if his department is doing anything  to enforce those immigration laws. Well, Mr. Speaker, without  immigration laws, we have no border; and if we have no border, then we  have no country.   Gallop estimates that based on their polling, there are 42 million  people living in poverty in South America and the Caribbean who intend  to come to the United States now that they can.  [[Page H5775]]    I would ask my fellow Democrats on the other the aisle, how are  American workers helped by flooding the labor market with another wave  of low-wage labor? How are our children helped by filling their  classrooms with non-English-speaking classmates? How are our  communities made safer by making it harder to deport criminal illegal  aliens and gang members? How are our hospitals made more accessible by  overwhelming emergency rooms with illegal immigrants demanding care?   Mr. Speaker, no civilization in history has survived the mass  migration that we are now watching move toward our border. And history  is screaming this warning at us, that countries that either cannot or  will not enforce their borders simply aren't around very long.   People ask me all the time now, how can this be happening to our  country? Well, the answer is pretty simple, if you voted for the  Democrats, this is exactly what you voted for. And if you are surprised  by that, you weren't paying any attention.   