 Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, Senator Lee  is right--the relationship between the United States and Britain is  unique, and it is special. They are often the first to come to our aid  when we are in need, when we need partners around the globe. So it  brings me no pleasure to come to the floor to object to this resolution  being passed at this time, partly because I think there will be a right  time for the Senate to come together unanimously and express our  support for a U.S.-Britain free-trade agreement. But I want to spend  1\1/2\ minutes telling you why this is not the time.   We are having this debate because Britain has chosen to leave the  European Union. Previous to Britain's departure, we were pushing for a  U.S.-EU trade agreement that would have brought benefits to Britain but  also to the rest of the continent.   Today, we are talking about a bilateral agreement because Britain is  leaving the European Union, but they have not yet fully left in the  sense that there is an agreement connected to their exit that Britain  has not yet fulfilled. One of the most important aspects of that  agreement relates to the Good Friday Agreement, the Good Friday  Agreement being a seminal achievement of American diplomacy that  brought to an end decades of troubles and violence in and around  Northern Ireland.   The UK and EU negotiated what is called the Northern Ireland Protocol  as part of the EU withdrawal agreement. That arrangement was intended  to preserve the Good Friday Agreement and to ensure that you would  never have a hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern  Ireland. Under the protocol, it was agreed that Northern Ireland would  continue to follow EU rules on food safety and other products standards  to prevent those customs checks across the border. The checks, instead,  would take place on goods entering Northern Ireland from England,  Scotland, or Wales.   The problem is that the British Government right now wants to change  the deal and to get rid of most of the checks, to reduce customs  procedures in order to allow goods to move more freely. But this has  created a political crisis because it threatens to reerect that hard  border that could unfortunately stimulate a reemergence of conflict. It  has already been incredibly destabilizing in Northern Ireland. The  leader of the largest unionist party has threatened to quit the  government if the current protocol is not replaced.   This is not an insignificant risk, and our priority should be, before  cheerleading and championing a free-trade agreement, to make sure that  Britain's commitment to protect the Good Friday Agreement as part of  their departure from the European Union is fulfilled.   So I look forward to the time when we can come together, Republicans  and Democrats, and support the entering into of discussions for a free- trade agreement between the United States and Britain, but I would  submit that this is not the right time. Right now, we need to be firm  in our commitment to make sure that the conditions of withdrawal from  the European Union specifically with respect the Good Friday Agreement  are fulfilled, and only once those conditions are fulfilled should we  as a body make that full commitment to this free-trade agreement.   Let's make sure that we not do anything to jeopardize what has been  decades of productive peace and peace discussions in and around  Northern Ireland.   For that reason, I would object.   