 Reserving the right to object, I thank my friends from  Delaware for their eloquent remarks. As both Senators know, I have a  deep affinity for the State of Delaware. My mother was born in  Wilmington, DE. I have hundreds of cousins in Delaware, who are their  constituents.   I would note that the senior Senator from Delaware, Senator Carper,  when I was newly elected, proceeded to welcome me into a caucus I  didn't know existed, the TC Caucus. Indeed, he and I both reflected  upon this recently when we were both in Oklahoma for the funeral of our  former colleague, Senator Tom Coburn, another member of the TC Caucus.   I would note as well that Senator Carper went so far as to call my  mother on her birthday to wish her happy birthday for having been born  in Wilmington, and my mother appreciated that.   The junior Senator from Delaware--we served together on multiple  committees. We have worked together. We have sparred together. And we  may well be able to work together in finding a resolution to this  impasse.   Every Senator here knows why I have holds on these nominees. Right  now, as we speak, hundreds of thousands of Russian troops are massed on  the border of the Ukraine, waiting to invade.  [[Page S9185]]  The reason for that is because Joe Biden surrendered to Vladimir Putin  on the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline. That is the direct cause for the threat  of military invasion Ukraine faces right now.   Putin didn't just wake up one day and decide to invade Ukraine. He  has wanted to invade Ukraine for years. In fact, he did so in 2014, but  he stopped short of a full invasion because he needed to use the  Ukrainian energy infrastructure to get Russian natural gas to the  European market. Because of that--that is why Putin launched Nord  Stream 2, to have a pipeline directly from Russia to Germany going  undersea to cut Ukraine out of the transit loop, so then the Russian  tanks could invade Ukraine.   This body right now should be talking about the crisis in Ukraine and  about how to counter Putin's aggression and expansionism. The best way  to do so would be to immediately put sanctions on Nord Stream 2-- sanctions that we had in place; bipartisan sanctions that I authored,  that both of the Senators from Delaware supported, and that, indeed,  had overwhelming bipartisan support from both Houses of Congress,  passed into law, and worked.   Now, I have sought to ensure that we have the time, space, and  resources to address how we stop Putin from invading Ukraine, and,  indeed, I have offered a deal to resolve this impasse. It is a deal  that I have offered to Senator Schumer that I would lift the hold on a  number of nominees in exchange for a vote on sanctions on Nord Stream  2.   I would note that this is a deal Senator Schumer accepted 3 weeks  ago. Three weeks ago, when we were debating the National Defense  Authorization Act, I likewise sought a vote on sanctions on Nord Stream  2. In exchange for that vote, I offered to lift the hold on seven  nominees. Senator Schumer accepted that deal, and the vote was  scheduled. Then, unfortunately, the entire package of amendment votes  that had been agreed to on Nord Stream 2 fell down in an unrelated  dispute over other matters.   This week, I have offered Senator Schumer a similar deal, although a  substantially more generous deal. The deal that Senator Schumer had  accepted was to lift seven holds in exchange for a vote. He said yes to  this.    I have now put on the table a deal to lift 16 holds in exchange for a  vote on Nord Stream 2 sanctions--more than twice as many holds.  Included among those 16 is Governor Markell from Delaware. He is among  the holds I have agreed to lift if Senator Schumer will agree to  schedule the vote that 3 weeks ago he agreed to schedule.   At this point, this deal is a better deal on every metric than the  deal Schumer already said yes too. Unfortunately, as we stand right  now, he has not yet said yes to this better deal.   So at this point, I am going to counter with a request for unanimous  consent that we impose sanctions on Nord Stream 2, and I expect my  Democratic colleagues will oppose this.   But as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Banking Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 3322  and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I would  note, as I did again, that there is a prospect for a reasonable  compromise, and it is a compromise that Senator Coons has been integral  in working to seek a resolution, and I thank him for his positive and  productive efforts trying to bring the two sides together.   You know, the two sides of the aisle often distrust each other. It is  the nature of a two-party system. But we have a path forward that can  confirm a substantial number of nominees in these final 2 weeks of this  year and can also schedule a vote on an issue that previous to this  administration commanded virtual unanimous, bipartisan support.   Among those who would be cleared is Governor Markell, and so I would  encourage my friends from Delaware, given the eloquence with which you  advocated his confirmation, I would suggest you direct that eloquence  to your own party's leader, who has the ability to accept this deal and  see Governor Markell confirmed to the new position to which he has been  nominated this week. But since that deal has not yet been accepted, I  object.   