 Madam President, it is a fear that one should have as  to who gets the microphone last, but nonetheless, no need to fear. I  think that statement about better looking is a Pinocchio on your part,  in any event. But I will stop before I get called out of order.   Madam President, it is with great urgency that I come to the floor to  urge support for the confirmation of Julien Xavier Neals to be a U.S.  district court judge in New Jersey. My distinguished colleague, who  knows Mr. Neals extraordinarily well, can speak to all the elements of  him as a human being, as a lawyer, and as someone who was a judge at  one level and, in fact, can be and will be an extraordinary district  court judge.   We are known in New Jersey as having one of the busiest courts in the  entire country. As of last year, more than 46,000 cases were pending  before it, many of them among the most complex and challenging cases in  the Nation. Yet multiple judicial vacancies on the court have led the  Judicial Conference of the United States to declare a judicial  emergency. The court is short-staffed by a third, leaving each of our  seated judges with a mind-boggling caseload of 2,700 pending cases.  That is a caseload more than three times higher than the national  average.   Fortunately, this week, the Senate has an opportunity to begin  alleviating this judicial emergency by confirming Julien Neals to the  U.S. District Court in New Jersey. Mr. Neals is an outstanding nominee  who has devoted his entire career to the practice of law in my home  State of New Jersey. Throughout his three decades in the legal  profession, he has served in many diverse roles. Every step of the way,  he has impressed those around him with his integrity, sound judgment,  and commitment to equal justice and fair administration of the law.   He clerked on the Superior Court of New Jersey, practiced civil  rights, employment discrimination, and intellectual property law as an  associate and partner of a Secaucus-based firm. He served the city of  Newark during my distinguished colleague Senator Booker's time as the  mayor of that great city of Newark and since 2015 has worked as counsel  for Bergen County, the most populous county in all of New Jersey.   As you heard, my colleague still speaks glowingly of Mr. Neals'  achievements during his time as chief judge of the Newark Municipal  Court, how he improved the efficiency and the culture of the  institution, created the first community court in the State of New  Jersey, and in less than 2 years presided over more than 6,000 cases,  while supervising 11 full-time judges.   There is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Neals will be an asset to the  U.S. District Court in New Jersey as it emerges from this pandemic and  works to reduce its backlog of pending cases. He is qualified, and he  was qualified to serve on the Federal bench back in 2015 when President  Obama first nominated him to the U.S. District Court in New Jersey.  Unfortunately, the politics of the time didn't get him a vote, and he  is even more qualified today.   Mr. Neals already commands enormous respect in our legal community.  From serving on the Supreme Court of New Jersey's Committee on  Character and Fitness to serving as chairman for the Volunteer Lawyers  for Justice, he personifies the meaning of public service. His  tremendous breadth of experience, even temperament, and sound judgment  make him a superb candidate to serve on the Federal bench. Clearly our  colleagues on the Judiciary Committee here in the Senate came to the  same conclusion when they reported him out of committee by a large  bipartisan margin.   New Jerseyans have waited too long for the Senate to fill this  vacancy, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to confirm  Mr. Julien Neals without further delay. I am thrilled to join my  colleague from New Jersey in advocating for him and especially thankful  to the junior Senator from New Jersey for advancing his name so that  justice can be realized in the State of New Jersey.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to waive all  existing time and move towards the vote.   