 Mr. President, last week, I spoke about a deeply  flawed and misguided piece of legislation passed by the House--House  bill H.R. 1 and now Senate bill, S. 1.   Today, I am going to talk about yet another bill from our colleagues  in the House that would be terrible for my State of Alabama and for our  country. It is called the Protecting the Right to Organize Act, better  known as the PRO Act.   Like H.R. 1, the PRO Act represents a massive power grab by the  Democrats here in Washington, DC, to override the will of the voters  and State legislatures in a majority of the States in this country.  Democrats want to force their ideas on States that refuse to adopt  their progressive failed policies. Federal power grabs like these are  unconstitutional and go against our entire system of government.   The PRO Act would overrule the right-to-work laws across the country  and force tens of millions of employees to join a union. Currently, 27  States have right-to-work laws on their books, including Alabama. More  States could join us in the future. Right-to-work laws give workers  freedom, and more importantly, they give them the freedom to choose  whether to unionize or not.   Alabama's right-to-work law has been a huge benefit for our State and  for the people, helping to attract many businesses to our State. Take  car manufacturing, for example. Beginning with Mercedes, in 1993,  automakers like Toyota, Hyundai, and Honda all have large presences in  Alabama. Their investment in our State has created a growing automotive  supplier network, supporting roughly 150 companies in our State.  Altogether, we have around 40,000 Alabamians employed in the automotive  sector alone. Those jobs go on to support thousands more family  members, all thanks to Alabama's right-to-work law.   The PRO Act would upend the economic growth we have seen in Alabama  and in many States across the country. By forcing unionization on  American workers, many industries would grind to a halt, and employers'  costs would skyrocket, which could lead to a loss of many, many jobs.  According to the State Policy Network, the PRO Act would destroy 57  million American workers who call themselves freelancers, in addition  to the millions of salaried workers who would lose their right-to-work  protections.   Unions, to some degree, have helped build our great country, but we  need to give workers the ability to choose, not force them to be in a  union. Right-to-  [[Page S1686]]  work laws give workers a choice. Choice creates competition, and  competition breeds success. Forced unionization creates a monopoly,  which only leads to stagnation.   President Biden says he believes that ``every worker should have a  free and fair choice to join a union,'' but the PRO Act would tip the  scales towards unionized labor even further. Among other things, the  bill requires that workers' personal contact information be sent to  unions; removes vote by secret ballot, subjecting them to union  harassment; and limits the information workers may receive during a  union-organizing campaign. That doesn't sound free and fair to me; it  sounds like they want to ensure a favorable outcome for the union  bosses and give them the ability to punish workers who don't go along  with them.   On a related note, I want to briefly mention the upcoming  unionization vote for nearly 6,000 workers at Amazon's facility in  Bessemer, AL, just outside of Birmingham. There has been a lot of  attention paid to this lately. We have had Hollywood actors,  celebrities, Members of Congress, and even President Biden trying to  help tip the scales toward the union's favorable outcome. Let me be  clear. These hard-working Alabamians don't need Hollywood elites or  Federal Government officials telling them what to do. We should all  trust they will make the decision they think is right for them and  their families. And that is what right-to-work is all about--the right  to choose. This is still a free country, after all.   I yield the floor.   