 I thank Senator Durbin.   Madam President, it has been a pleasure working with Senator Durbin  on this to, hopefully, get it over the line this afternoon. I think  most Americans, if they understood what we were trying to do, would be  enthusiastically behind the effort.   As for the deferred prosecution and nonprosecution agreements, the  revenues from those procedures--for lack of a better word--go into the  General Treasury, not the Crime Victims Fund, and we are fixing that.  We have had a reduction in funds available in South Carolina. We have  lost $3.2 million for VOCA crime victims funding for the South Carolina  Network of Children's Advocacy Centers' 27 members. Because of this  quirk in the law, the Crime Victims Fund is at a historic low, and it  is affecting operations in the field.   Attorney General Alan Wilson has been great to work with. With  Senators Feinstein and Grassley, we have been a team on this on the  Judiciary Committee.   Senator Durbin went through the ins and outs of what we are doing  here. I just want to add this: This was not easy. There are a lot of  stakeholders in this, and there are a lot of committees of  jurisdiction.   I want to thank Senator Baldwin, who has been a driving force behind  it. That is absolutely true. All of the committees could have easily  said no, but this is one time we wanted to get to yes because the lack  of funding is beginning to affect the operations of groups that are  just indispensable when it comes to providing relief to crime victims.   I would urge a ``yes'' vote. This has been a bipartisan process from  day one. It has been going on about a year. It is now time to correct  the quirk in the law to get these funds over to the Crime Victims Fund  from the General Treasury.   Senator Toomey's amendment, I will oppose. I appreciate Senator  Toomey very much, but I think that most of the groups and all of the  law enforcement groups are opposed to the Toomey amendment, and I will  reluctantly do so.   I hope we can get a really big vote on final passage because we need  to prove to the American people that we can do things together. There  is nothing that should bring us together more than helping victims of  crime and making sure this fund has the resources it deserves to  provide the treatment needed. This rise in crime has made this more  relevant, not less.   As for Senator Durbin, as always, I have enjoyed working with him,  and we will continue to find common ground where we can. So I urge a  ``yes'' vote on its final passage here in a couple of hours.   I yield the floor.   