 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Westerman).   Mr. Speaker, this morning, I joined my Congressional Western Caucus  colleagues, Representatives Chris Stewart and Yvette Herrell, to hear  from community leaders in their States about the severe funding  shortfalls they are now facing due to President Biden's moratorium on  oil and gas leases on Federal lands.   We heard from county commissioners and education officials, including  one who shared--in tears--the heartbreaking stories of students  experiencing mental health challenges, who have attempted suicide due  to the challenges facing our Nation's students. The last thing these  communities need is to face budgetary deficiencies that threaten the  support systems within our public schools. Yet, this legislation before  us will contribute to those very budget shortfalls.   By further preventing responsible energy and resource production on  Federal lands, we are harming our Nation's energy industry, but we are  also harming our workers by destroying their jobs. We are harming our  students by cutting their public school funding. We are harming our  communities by slashing their State and local budget.   Mr. Speaker, you see, we are siloing off the effects of the pandemic  from the actions and consequences of the Federal government regulatory  mandates. The combinations of COVID-19, the Biden ban on Federal  leasing, and now this massive land-grab legislation is simply going to  devastate rural communities in the West.   Mr. Speaker, these consequences don't take place in a silo. They take  a toll.   I can list many other concerning consequences--from harming our  energy independence, restricting public access to our public lands, to  increasing the poor health of our Nation's forest. But more than  anything, I hope my colleagues will pause to think of the human impacts  these actions will have on our neighbors, our fellow Americans, and the  toll it will take after one of the most challenging years in our  lifetimes.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this legislation.   