 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to pay  tribute to the life and service of LCpl Rylee McCollum. He was from  Bondurant, WY.   On Thursday, August 26, the United States lost 13 men and women in  uniform: 11 marines, an Army soldier, and a Navy corpsman. They were  killed by a terrorist attack in Kabul, Afghanistan. At least 20  additional marines were wounded. It was the deadliest day for our  Nation's military in more than a decade.   One of those fallen heroes was LCpl Rylee McCollum. He was just 20  years old. Rylee McCollum's life demonstrated the best of our Nation.  His dad Jim told me that Rylee was full-blooded red, white, and blue-- and from the very beginning.   Rylee's dad Jim wanted to serve in the military, but he couldn't  because of a medical issue. Well, his son Rylee grew up with that same  great desire to serve our Nation. Rylee's family said he wanted to be a  marine from the very beginning. His sister Royce said that he ran  around in his diapers and cowboy boots with his rifle.   He attended Jackson Hole High School. He graduated from Summit  Innovations High School in Wyoming. And he made a real name for himself  all around the State as a champion wrestler.   Now, he had the kind of talents and abilities with which he could  have done anything and everything. He wanted to serve America. He  joined the Marines literally as soon as he could. He signed up on his  18th birthday. His plan was to serve in uniform and then come home to  Wyoming. His goal was to teach history and coach wrestling.   On August 26, on his first deployment, he stood guard at the Hamid  Karzai Airport in Kabul, Afghanistan. He protected the airport as  Americans and our allies escaped to safety. His mission saved thousands  of lives. While Rylee was protecting others, he was killed by a  terrorist bomb.   Now, Rylee had just been married in February. His wife Gigi was  expecting their first child, and he was excited to become a father. His  child will never know Rylee. Yet his child will always know that Rylee  McCollum, her father, was a hero.   On Friday, I stood side by side with Rylee's family and his pregnant  wife Gigi at the airport in Jackson, WY, as Rylee's flag-draped casket  was brought home for his very last trip to Wyoming. And today I got a  text from Gigi with this magnificent picture. The text came within the  last hour or so, and we were able to do a blowup of the text picture:  Naval Hospital, Camp Pendleton, WY, welcomes baby girl Levi Rylee Rose,  8 pounds, 10 ounces, September 13--today--at 2 a.m. There is the baby,  and there is the cutout of her father, Rylee McCollum.   Madam President, people in Wyoming and all across America have shown  their love and respect and appreciation and admiration for Rylee and  his family. People have already donated close to a million dollars to  help Gigi and the baby. They donated these funds through a GoFundMe  page on the internet, and it is a testament to the gratitude of the  American people for the life and service of Rylee McCollum.   After Rylee's passing, a family friend in Jackson named Regi Stone  told a story on Facebook. The story is about a conversation he once had  with Rylee and with Regi's son Eli. Eli also serves in uniform. Regi  says Eli and Rylee once said: If anything ever happened to us, just  know we were doing what we loved.   What Rylee McCollum loved was protecting others. What Rylee McCollum  loved was service. What Rylee McCollum loved was America.   And as Jim McCollum told me, he said: Rylee is standing guard tonight  at the gates of Heaven.   Madam President, Rylee McCollum is an American hero. His name will  always be held in honor throughout Wyoming. For the half-million people  of our State, we all think of Rylee and Gigi and now the baby as part  of our family.   May God comfort his family, and may God continue to bless this great  [[Page S6445]]  country for which Rylee McCollum gave his life.   