 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the tornadoes that hit Kentucky this  past weekend were some of the most widespread, severe, and devastating  in our State's history.   It is still difficult to comprehend the vast scope of the storm.  Nearly 40 tornadoes touched down across 6 States. One tornado in  Kentucky stayed on the ground for over 200 miles--200 miles. This was  potentially the longest continuous path of any tornado in U.S. history.   Towns have been reduced to rubble. Families are picking up pieces of  their shattered lives. Most tragically, our Governor announced today  that more than 60 Kentuckians are confirmed to have lost their lives.  Many more remain unaccounted for.   This is the worst storm to hit Kentucky in my lifetime. The tornadoes  have caused considerable damage in 15 counties all across the  Commonwealth. Thousands lost their homes. Tens of thousands are still  without power. This was, in the words of one meteorologist, ``the  worst-case scenario'' for destruction. And it came during the Christmas  season. Families are supposed to be gathering soon for rest,  relaxation, and reunion. Now, so many Kentuckians are facing exactly  the opposite.   The whole country is becoming acquainted with Mayfield, KY, likely  our hardest hit city. Mayfield is a town of 10,000 in the Jackson  Purchase. It has been known for the beautiful Greek Revival facade of  the Mayfield First United Methodist Church. Now, First United is  completely gone, and the town is literally leveled to the ground.   Mayfield's candle factory was operating in full swing this weekend to  keep up with the Christmas demand. It was once a mainstay of the  community, employing hundreds. On Friday night, the factory was turned  into a scene of absolute horror. Many of the employees who were working  that evening are feared dead. Rescue operations are ongoing. At least  40 employees were rescued initially. One was saved after being trapped  under 5 feet of rubble for hours. The devastation there is absolute.   The tornado was so powerful that it ripped 27 train cars off their  tracks in Earlington and scattered them across a field. A family  photograph that was picked up by the storm in Dawson Springs, KY, was  carried nearly 130 miles by the wind and discovered over in Indiana.   All across Western Kentucky, residents spent their Saturday and  Sunday clearing debris and collecting clothes and possessions that had  been scattered. Families were left to inspect the cinderblocks where  their houses once stood. The cheery lights of Christmastime have been  replaced by absolute destruction.   Kentucky has been devastated, but we have not been defeated.  Kentuckians are resilient people who will stay strong and united  through the crisis.   I am incredibly grateful to the first responders who have been on the  [[Page S9102]]  ground since the outset: Kentucky National Guard, Kentucky State  Police, sheriff's departments, city and local law enforcement, EMS  responders, firefighters, doctors, and nurses. Quick thinking and  selfless action saved lives.   Hard-hit communities are receiving an outpouring of support from  across the Commonwealth as well as around the country. Americans near  and far are coming together to donate food, blood, resources, and  shelter to those in need. Businesses and individuals have helped fund  relief efforts and donated to assist the storm's victims.   Like many of my fellow Kentuckians, I was incredibly touched by the  support offered by the University of Kentucky basketball team this past  weekend. While visiting the University of Notre Dame, they led a deeply  emotional moment of silence before their game on Saturday night. The  team visited the school's grotto to light candles for storm victims and  to pray for recovery. We are all praying alongside them.   Kentucky's State motto is ``United we stand, divided we fall.'' In  this time of crisis, Kentuckians are standing shoulder to shoulder, and  we will not fail. At every level of local, State, and Federal  Government across both political parties, Kentucky's leaders have come  together to coordinate and to provide aid.   Toward the end of the week, I will travel back to Kentucky to meet  with my constituents and visit the areas affected by the storm. My team  has been working nonstop to ensure Kentuckians receive the help that  they need.   I have worked closely with President Biden and Governor Beshear to  ensure every Federal resource possible is deployed to our State.  Kentucky's congressional delegation has come together to send multiple  letters to the President in support of disaster relief. In response,  President Biden cut through the redtape to approve our requests at an  accelerated pace, providing the rapid support we need to recover.   I am especially grateful for the work of DHS Secretary Mayorkas and  FEMA Administrator Criswell, who visited Kentucky yesterday to survey  damage and to help relief efforts. FEMA has already sent two incident  management teams, an urban search and rescue team, and an Army Corps  temporary power team. They have turned Kentucky's Fort Campbell into a  staging ground for vital relief and supplies. I could not be more  grateful for their swift and decisive response to this crisis.   Even in the face of such tragedy, we can be confident that Kentucky  will bounce back. We are strong; we are united; and we will come back  bigger and better than ever before.   