 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and we are glad that  Brady is there. Go blue.   Mr. Speaker, I have long championed bipartisan legislation to  increase consumer protections from fraud and scams, particularly for  our Nation's seniors and vulnerable populations.   In April, the House passed by an overwhelming majority H.R. 1215, the  Fraud and Scam Reduction Act, which I led with my friend and colleague,  Representative Lisa Blunt Rochester.   Our bill creates the Senior Scams Prevention Advisory Group and the  Senior Fraud Advisory Office within the FTC to better assist the agency  and employers with monitoring, identifying, and preventing mail,  telephone, and internet fraud.   I have also championed legislation that cracks down on robocall scams  and Medicaid patient abuse and fraud. These efforts are particularly  important, as we saw scams increase at an alarming rate during the  COVID-19 pandemic.   But I cannot support H.R. 2668, the deceptively mis-advertised bill  before us today. This bill was rushed through an entirely partisan  process without addressing significant concerns from Republicans to  protect fundamental due process rights and prevent the FTC from  operating unchecked, as it did in the 1970s.   I hoped the Energy and Commerce Committee would have had the  opportunity to hear from the full slate of FTC commissioners on this  bill, the same commissioners who testified in the Senate one week prior  to our legislative hearing and commented on what should be included in  any legislative fix to 13(b).   Make no mistake, I fully support giving the FTC necessary tools to  bring just enforcement actions against fraudsters and scammers,  including restitution for harmed consumers. However, H.R. 2668 gives  the FTC these new expansive tools without much-needed guardrails, all  under the guise of protecting our constituents.   Just this past April, in a rare 9-0 unanimous decision, the Supreme  Court ruled that section 13(b) of the FTC Act does not authorize the  Commission to seek, or the Court to award, monetary relief including  disgorgement or restitution.   The Court stated that the Commission grossly misused its authority  and encouraged Congress to address the issue with a bipartisan--and  that was their term--bipartisan legislative solution.   But the bill before us today is anything but bipartisan. This bill  would grant the FTC a 10-year statute of limitations for this newfound  authority, allowing the FTC the ability to go after conduct that is no  longer occurring in the marketplace.  [[Page H3733]]    There is a reason that a 5-year statute of limitations or less is  standard in many Federal and State statutes. As the committee learned  from the former head of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection,  shorter statutes protect against surprises through the assertion of  claims long after the conduct, when evidence may be stale or no longer  available, and encourage the timely filing of claims by regulatory  agencies.   Republicans on the Energy and Commerce Committee tried countless  times to work with Democrats on a compromise solution to these issues,  all to no avail.   My good friend, the Republican leader of the Consumer Protection and  Commerce Subcommittee, Representative Bilirakis, proposed a compromise  amendment that would allow the FTC to go after bad actors while also  respecting due process rights. His amendment even addressed the concern  raised from my friends in the majority on the statute of limitations.   This was a sincere offer from Republicans to address Democrats'  concerns and meet them halfway, and it even received bipartisan support  in committee.   But instead of coming to the floor with a bipartisan bill, Democrats  rejected our efforts and jammed through this partisan bill without  consideration for its consequences.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 2668. Come back to the  table and work with Republicans to find a compromise solution that  provides the FTC the tools to actually protect our constituents. That  is what we must ask and that is what I ask.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of taxpayers and,  importantly, in support of life, an unalienable right endowed by our  Creator.   For over 40 years, Democrats and Republicans have come together to  include the commonsense prohibition on taxpayer-funded abortions,  better known as the Hyde amendment.   President Biden himself was a vocal backer of the Hyde amendment  during his decades in the Senate.   Because of Hyde, 2.5 million lives have been saved and afforded the  chance to reach their God-given potential.   Yet, as we stand here today, House Democrats are advancing an annual  funding bill that shockingly abandons the longstanding Hyde amendment.   It shouldn't be controversial to spare precious babies and give  taxpayers the assurance that their hard-earned money is not used for  abortions.   Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committees  on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and the Judiciary be discharged  from further consideration of H.R. 18, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   