 Mr. President, a week ago today, we celebrated Labor Day,  a day to honor America's workers, a day to honor the labor movement  that built this country and built our middle class. It recognizes all  Americans working hard every day to support families who contribute to  community and power our economy.   Over the summer, as I know that the Presiding Officer has traveled to  Arizona, I have been all over my State of Ohio talking with those  workers: steelworkers in Toledo, busdrivers in Canton, VA healthcare  workers serving our veterans in Chillicothe, union mechanics in  Columbus. They live in different communities. They come from different  backgrounds. But the dignity of work unites all of us.   We take pride in hard work in this country, and we believe, as Dr.  King said and Pope Leo XIII said, that all work has dignity, whether  you punch a clock or swipe a badge, whether you work for tips, whether  you take care of aging parents, whether you are raising children or  whether you are a new grandparent--no matter who you are, where you  live, or what kind of work you do.   For far too many people, hard work isn't paying off. Productivity has  gone up. Stock prices have soared. Executive compensation is  stratospheric. But wages have barely budged. This isn't a coincidence.  It is not an accident of the market. It is not an inevitable result of  our system of capitalism.   Wall Street has the power in this economy. They are obsessed with  accumulating more wealth for the people who already have it. The system  we have, where most of the gains in the economy seem to go to those at  the top, is by Wall Street's explicit design, and it comes at the  direct expense of American workers.   We don't always make the connection. People are rightfully angry, but  they don't think about how decisions in corporate boardrooms and on the  floors of stock exchanges thousands of miles away affect their job  opportunities and their wages.   Corporations focus on their short-term performance on the stock  market, not the long-term success of the company and its workers. Their  main goal too often becomes increasing stock prices quarter to quarter.  That is how CEO performance is evaluated. They are compensated in large  part with company shares. Stocks can account for as much as half of an  executive's compensation package.   Corporations, therefore, juice those stock prices by repurchasing  their own stock, what we call stock buybacks. Here is how it works.  There are a finite number of company shares at any given time.  Purchasing shares will decrease the number of shares available to  investors and therefore drive up the price and the value of the  remaining shares.   Existing shareholders will see their stock value increase. Lo and  behold, often those existing shareholders are the executives of the  company. This is often an even more attractive option to executives  than dividends because buybacks are more flexible and, under current  law, they aren't taxed until the shares are sold. That is what we want  to change.   The economy hasn't always worked this way. A few decades ago, most of  Wall Street capital funded the real economy: wages, machinery,  research, new construction, expansion of the  [[Page S6452]]  company. Stock buybacks used to be considered illegal market  manipulation. Think about that. Stock buybacks then used to be  considered illegal market manipulation.   Today, they have become routine. Now, only 15 percent of capital goes  to the real economy while the amount corporations spend on buybacks has  just exploded. Between 2004 and 2013, Home Depot, a great company by  most measures, in that decade spent 99 percent of its net income on  stock buybacks--99 percent of its net income on stock buybacks. IBM  spent 92 percent.   That is right. Some companies spend close to 100 percent of their  profits on their own stocks rather than workers' wages, rather than  expanding the company, rather than investing in research and  development.   It has only gotten worse since Washington Republicans' 2017 tax  giveaway to these corporations. We all remember--and I have pointed  this out before--the lobbyists down the hall in front of Senator  McConnell's office, the corporate lobbyists that lined up one after  another as Senator McConnell decided, on behalf of his Members and with  President Trump during the Trump-McConnell Presidency--how Senator  McConnell handed these companies a windfall.   Their executives turned around. I remember Senator McConnell, when he  walked down the hall here after doing his conversations--I will just  leave it at that--with his lobbyist friends. He would walk down the  hall, and he would stand at the majority leader's--then the majority  leader--and I think that tax giveaway is part of the reason he is no  longer the majority leader.   But he would say that that is going to trickle down and workers are  going to get raises and companies are going to expand and benefits are  going to go to the whole economy. Well, that is not exactly what  happened. When he handed them that windfall, you know what the  executives did--the executives who were lobbying him, the executives  who were contributing to the campaigns, the executives who control the  Wall Street Journal editorial board? Do you know what they did? They  turned around; they plowed that money right back into stock buybacks,  which meant, lo and behold, right into their own pockets.    The largest U.S. companies--in 2018, right after the tax giveaway,  over a trillion dollars, 70 percent, went to the richest 1 percent.  Don't forget that number. In 2018, the largest U.S. companies spent  more than $800 billion in stock buybacks, a 50-percent increase from  the previous year, a 50-percent increase because they got that largesse  from the Federal Treasury.   They spent more on stock buybacks than on debt payments, than on  capital expenditures, than on research and development, than on  dividends--in other words, the real economy.   Now, in 2021, as millions of families struggle to recover from this  pandemic and get back on their feet, you might think things would  change. We are hearing that a lot of companies--the Presiding Officer  hears it in Arizona; I hear it in Ohio--a lot of companies complain  about supposed labor shortages. You might think that these companies  that are sitting on cash, that it might cause companies to reassess.   They need more workers. Maybe they should cut back on juicing their  stock buybacks, and instead they could permanently raise pay or  increase retirement contributions or offer better healthcare plans or  invest in new training programs--all of those to attract new, better  paid, more satisfied, happier workers. But, no, this year corporate  stock buybacks are on track to approach or even surpass the 2018  record.   Proponents of stock buybacks argue that companies purchase their own  shares only after considering other, value-creating investment options.  In other words, companies are arguing: You know, we do stock buybacks.  Yeah, you are right; it makes us a little richer individually, and we  can buy that third or fourth home in Florida or on the Cape or on Lake  Erie or whatever, but also, we consider everything that would be good  for the company. We funded all that; so then we do stock buybacks.   That is a ridiculous argument. Talk to any family in Cleveland or  Chillicothe or Mansfield or Marietta or Springfield, anywhere outside  of Wall Street. Ask these families if they can think of a better  investment for the trillions--trillions, thousands of billions-- trillions of dollars in wealth American workers have created.   But, of course, executives' personal interests influence their  decision making. One study of 2,500 companies found that the greater  the percentage stock options in executive compensation packages, the  more likely a company was to make stock buybacks. That is fairly  logical. The greater percentage of stock options in an executive  compensation package, the more likely a company was to make stock  buybacks.   So how do we stop this never-ending cycle of corporate greed and make  sure that workers are sharing in the profits they create? We start with  the new bill that Senator Wyden, the chair of the Finance Committee,  and I are introducing: the Stock Buyback Accountability Act.   The Tax Code is one of the best tools we have to influence  businesses. The idea is simple. If you want to buy back your own stock,  you have to pay just a little bit--a 2-percent tax--on the money you  make off of it. Two percent is pretty small. It is a hell of a lot less  than the tax rate that workers at First Solar, which I am going to  visit this week in Perrysburg, are paying or workers at Whirlpool or  workers at the local corner store, at the local Dave's supermarket in  Garfield Heights, are paying.   But that little tax will make companies think a little harder about  whether stock buybacks are really the best use of their trillions in  profits. I hope it will make it a little more likely that they will  invest the money in something useful, something like a new factory or  researching new products or training and apprenticeship programs or pay  raises for the workers who are making these profits possible.   It has to be the goal of any stock buyback plan. It is not about  punishing executives. I am indifferent. I have always believed it is  whom you fight for and what you fight against. I will always fight for  workers in this job. I don't have any interest in punishing executives.  I just don't want to unduly reward them at the expense of workers.   It is about executives paying their fair share just like their  workers do. It is about changing the incentives in our economy so that  more of our country's wealth gets invested back to the people who  created it.   We have known for years that stock buybacks are a problem. They  distort the market. They lead to less long-term economic growth. They  divert investment from workers. That is why it is on worker pay, not  stock buybacks.   We have a real chance to actually do something about it. After years  of politicians talking about reining in Wall Street, now is our  opportunity to do it, to show people we are listening and to take  action.   Worker pay, not stock buybacks. Create a fairer tax system. Creating  a fairer tax system is one of the simplest ways to change the Wall  Street and corporations' first system that Americans are so tired of.   We make this simple fix to finally, finally crack down on stock  buybacks. We get rid of the tax breaks for corporations that ship  American jobs overseas. We make multinational corporations pay their  fair share instead of always, always, always forcing working families  to foot the bill. We crack down on wealthy tax cheats that game the  system. We give working families the largest tax cut ever.   We did that in the bill we passed in March. We are going to do that  in the bills we pass this fall.   It comes back to the dignity of work. Wall Street simply doesn't  recognize that all work has dignity. They consider shareholders' equity  in a company to be all that matters. But workers have equity in a  company too. It is called sweat equity. It is time they were rewarded  for it.   Worker pay, not stock buybacks.   I yield the floor.   