 Thank you. The actions of my Democratic colleagues this  week make it clear that they do not have any intention of working with  Republicans on a bipartisan COVID package. There is no other  explanation for the budget resolution that was introduced this week.   We are not considering this budget resolution for the usual purpose  of establishing overall spending and revenue levels for the fiscal  year. That has already been done. The sole purpose, then, of this  budget is to establish reconciliation instructions whereby the majority  can pass a partisan COVID package on a party-line vote, quite contrary  to the inaugural address of President Biden where he said he was going  to be reaching out to Republicans.   I know there has been some discussion with Republicans but not a  serious effort to compromise. Embarking down this inherently partisan  path of going the budgetary reconciliation route now poisons the well  for any fruitful bipartisan negotiation. And you can't say it too many  times that it is completely at odds with President Biden's call for  unity and bipartisanship during the campaign and told to the people of  the United States in the inaugural address.   It doesn't have to be this way. My Republican colleagues and I stand  ready to engage in bipartisan discussions to reach an agreement to  provide targeted COVID relief. A consensus package could be done very  quickly, just as happened with the bipartisan CARES package back in  March of last year. The relief package Congress passed in December came  together very quickly once both sides agreed to set aside partisan  poison pills. Republicans did that for things we wanted, and Democrats  did that for things they wanted.   Now, hardly 6 weeks later, here we are back on a partisan approach to  helping the needy people because of the pandemic and helping the  healthcare crisis because of the pandemic. In the past year or so, we  have done a lot. We have been able to come together in a bipartisan way  to pass around $4 trillion in COVID-focused relief, and we did that  all--you can't say it too many times--with strong bipartisan support.  Why not now? There is no reason we can't come together for the American  people and do it once more and probably have to do it again after  something would be passed the early part of this year.   Instead of wasting our time with a weeklong partisan exercise, we  could be working together today to forge a bipartisan compromise. If  this was the course that the majority were to take, I think there is  much that we could agree to with near universal support and do it in  short order. Everyone recognizes we need to get control of the virus as  a first priority. That is necessary to save lives and get back to  anything close to resembling a normally functioning economy.   Rapid deployment of the vaccine is our best hope for our getting  there to  [[Page S308]]  get the economy functioning. I doubt a single Member of this Senate  body would object to additional funds for vaccine distribution if it  will get more people vaccinated sooner. I am also confident that many  on my side could agree to additional relief for individuals and small  businesses that have been hardest hit by the pandemic. I am sure of  that because we have done it twice in the past. We can have a  discussion on unemployment assistance, rental assistance, funds for  reopening schools, and additional grants to small businesses to help  them keep the lights on. I can say that very positively because we have  done it twice in the past.   But any relief, from our point of view, ought to be targeted and  focused on the task at hand. At $1.9 trillion, the President's proposal  is far from being targeted and far from being focused. It includes  permanent, liberal, structural economic reforms. This is using a crisis  to enact long-term Democratic policy priorities rather than addressing  the immediate needs of the day.   It also includes a bailout of fiscally irresponsible States at the  expense of States that have managed their budgets very wisely, like my  home State of Iowa. This is fundamentally unfair to the taxpayers in  responsibly governed States.   The President putting forward his proposal should have marked the  beginning of the discussion, not the end. If my Democratic colleagues  would abandon this partisan exercise, bipartisan discussions could  start in earnest. In fact, 10 Republicans made an attempt to do that by  spending 2 hours with President Biden at the Oval Office. They reached  out, obviously, and President Biden listened and discussed in good  faith, but it doesn't seem like anything can come of it. This may mean  that you have to compromise on some priorities. That is a simple part  of life here in the U.S. Senate if you want to get anything done.   The excuse that there isn't enough time or the need for relief is so  urgent that bipartisanship must go out the window is just that--nothing  but a simple excuse. By following the current path, this entire week is  being wasted on partisan theater, with no tangible benefit for the  American people. At the end of this week, the Senate will be no closer  to drafting actual relief legislation.   We should instead be working together to iron out our differences, to  get bipartisan relief to the American people, and that can be done  sooner than using the reconciliation process that turns out to be a  partisan approach that is needless to do based on the fact that twice  in the last 11 months, we have passed bipartisan virus relief packages  to help fight the pandemic, to help people who are hurt by the economic  consequences of that pandemic, and also to give confidence to the  American people. Let's move in a bipartisan way.   I yield the floor.   