 Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart to pay  tribute to the memory of that longtime friend of ours and colleague on  the Appropriations Committee, which he chaired, former Congressman  Jerry Lewis from California, who passed away July 15, 2021.   After working in the insurance industry and serving in the California  State Assembly, Jerry was first elected to Congress 2 years before me,  in 1978, and served his southern California district honorably until  his retirement in 2013.   Serving together on the Appropriations Committee for 30 years, Jerry  and I became friends due to our respect and admiration for this body,  the committee itself, and our singular focus on doing all we could to  serve our constituents back home in our respective districts.   Jerry was a true believer in our committee, its wielding the power of  the purse, and ensuring that we were spending taxpayers' hard-earned  tax dollars wisely.   He also prided himself in his ability to steer Federal funding to his  district, including funding for critical, lifesaving flood control  projects, important cancer research, protecting his southern California  district from wildfires, and much, much more.   Jerry believed that one of the jobs of being a Federal Congressman  was to be sure that his constituents' voices would be heard here on  whatever problem they may be having and that we  [[Page H3835]]  should spend Federal tax dollars fairly on those projects and matters.   Jerry and I actually found ourselves in direct competition twice,  each vying for the gavel as chairman of the House Appropriations  Committee. Though he won in 2004, I won in 2010. I succeeded him as  chairman. But we never let those races affect our friendship. It was  never personal. Regardless of the outcome, we continued to work  together for the betterment of the country and our constituents.   I thank the gentleman from California for hosting this Special Order,  a fellow member of the Appropriations Committee, Mr. Calvert,  especially because of the fact that he is the ranking Republican on the  Defense Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, a key slot,  fulfilling, I think, the thoughts from Jerry Lewis himself, that this  gentleman from California has a great future in this body. He is living  up to it.   I also want to send my thoughts and prayers as well to Jerry's bride,  Arlene, and the rest of Chairman Lewis' family as they go through this  very difficult time.   There have not been many Members of this body that were as motivated  with good thoughts than Jerry Lewis. He was a gentleman. He was a  forthright spokesman for his district in California. He was a patriot  who believed in a strong U.S. defense and helped to achieve it.   We will not see the likes of this man, I think, again in this body.  He was super and superior. I consider his friendship as one of the  golden jewels that I will carry with me for the rest of my life.   Godspeed, Jerry Lewis. Our thoughts are with you.   