 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I know many Senators will be speaking  further on this floor about one of the most distinguished Senators,  certainly, I have had the honor to serve with, and that is Bob Dole,  the Senator from Kansas, a former majority leader.   We will hear, as we should, of his bravery, courageous nature in  World War II, how he overcame the horrific injuries received to go on  to a life of service--continuous service for the State of Kansas.   We have so many wonderful memories of him, how he and the Democratic  leader would meet in person or by phone several times a day, the  comments they made about each other. You could always take his word. He  never surprised me. That is the way he was. He was the way a Senator  should be. He always kept his word.   But I also think of the personal things. He went to Europe, to Italy,  to represent President Ronald Reagan on D-Day. President Reagan was  going to be in Normandy, and he asked Senator Dole to go over and  represent him in Italy, and there would be several Congressional Medal  of Honor recipients on board the plane.   I was honored that he wanted to make it a bipartisan trip, and he  asked me and my wife Marcelle to join him on the trip to Italy. The  reason I mention the trip is that these Congressional Medal of Honor  recipients--all for enormous bravery. They, so typical of Congressional  Medal of Honor recipients, did not brag about what they did. They were  just so honored to talk to Senator Dole about what he did.   Senator Dole tried to be very modest about his exploits. He talked to  them about those exploits of theirs that brought about the receipt of  the Congressional Medal of Honor. He would  [[Page S8920]]  brush it off, but they would ask: Senator Dole, what about this and  what about that? And all the way through, he was great, a sense of  humor, self-deprecating. Everybody on that plane realized this was a  true hero of that war.   I will speak more later on, but he was a good friend.   I was honored to join Senator Pat Roberts to speak about Senator Dole  when he received the Congressional Gold Medal. I told him what an honor  it was that he asked me to speak. Certainly, when I think back on my  years here in the Senate, that is one of the highest honors I received,  to have this man whom I admired, I liked, was my friend, to ask me to  speak for him. I also felt that there were so many others who were  probably even far better prepared to speak for him. I felt the honor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I thank the distinguished leader for his  words and his statement about our friend Bob Dole. I also agree with  him in that we have to stay here and get this work done.   Madam President, as someone who has observed the evolution of  relations between the United States and Cuba for nearly 50 years,  particularly since I first traveled there in 1999, I find the situation  between our two countries today bewildering, tragic, and exasperating.   Bewildering, because senior Administration officials--who have  publicly and privately acknowledged that the 60-year policy of  unilateral U.S. sanctions, isolation, and threats has failed to achieve  any of its objectives and instead has hurt the Cuban people--have  [[Page S8921]]  nevertheless adopted that same failed policy as their own.   Tragic, because the policy has emboldened Cuba's hard-liners who have  cracked down even more on citizens who dare to peacefully protest about  shortages of food, medicine, and electricity, and against government  repression. And it has exacerbated the crisis that has engulfed the  island due to the COVID pandemic and the government's dysfunctional  economic policies.   Exasperating, because anyone who understands Cuba could have  predicted what has happened since the Trump Administration reversed the  Obama Administration's policy of engagement and would have taken steps  to mitigate it. Instead, the current policy is making the situation  even worse.   For the past ten months, I have urged the White House to not repeat  past mistakes when it comes to our relations with Cuba's government and  the Cuban people and to pursue a policy based on our longterm national  interests. I deeply regret that has not yet happened.   Instead, this administration's policy, so far, has been dictated by a  tiny but vocal constituency in this country that has always opposed  U.S. engagement with Cuba. It is a policy that history has shown is  doomed to fail.   Currently, the United States and Cuba have diplomatic relations, but  to what end? There is no meaningful diplomacy being conducted, and our  Embassy in Havana and Cuba's Embassy in Washington are barely  functioning. Consular operations have ceased. The dialogues we had with  the Cuban Government on issues of mutual interest, from law enforcement  to human rights to public health--dialogues the Trump Administration  cut off--have not resumed. How can this be in our national interest?   While Cuba remains on the list of state sponsors of terrorism due to  a last-minute, politically driven, vindictive, and factually  indefensible decision of the Trump administration, we continue to have  diplomatic relations. Is this not irreconcilable? And whatever became  of the administration's review of that deeply flawed designation which  was promised months ago?   Cultural, scientific, and educational exchanges have largely ended.  This is neither justified nor in our national interest. The COVID  pandemic provided an obvious opportunity for cooperation between  American and Cuban scientists, but that opportunity, like so many  others over the years, was squandered due to politics, distrust, and  spite.   The U.S. Treasury Department continues to block remittances from  Cuban Americans to their relatives on the island even though it is  their money, not Treasury's. Shouldn't Cuban Americans have the right  to decide for themselves whether to send their own money to their  relatives rather than having that decision dictated by the White House?  Remittances help Cubans be less dependent on the government, improve  their standard of living, and provide the seed capital for Cuba's  growing private sector, which, today, comprises one-third of the Cuban  workforce.   The number of remittances siphoned off by the Cuban Government is a  small fraction of what some have falsely claimed, and is no more than  what other governments charge. Let's base our policy on facts rather  than on rumor and what plays well domestically.   And Cuba, just 90 miles from Florida, is the only country besides  North Korea where travel by Americans is severely restricted despite  our common history and cultural traditions. It is as ridiculous as it  is self-defeating.   The White House has repeatedly said that ``democracy and human  rights'' are at the core of its policy toward Cuba. Those are  aspirations--laudable aspirations--but they are not a policy. We all  want to see a Cuba where political freedom and fundamental rights,  especially freedom of expression, are respected and where an  independent judiciary protects the right of due process. Those rights  are severely restricted in Cuba today, as they are in many countries,  including some recipients of hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S.  aid.   Where we disagree is on how best to support the Cuban people's  struggle to obtain those rights.   I have asked, but I have no idea what the administration's practical  objectives are in Cuba or how it proposes to achieve them. After being  told 6 months ago that the State Department was conducting a review of  its policy, we have yet to see any change from the policy it inherited  from the Trump administration a year ago. What happened to the review?  What did it say?   Several administration officials have justified the continuation of  President Trump's punishing sanctions because of the public protests in  Cuba on July 11. They say ``everything changed'' on July 11.   Cuba is changing. Access to social media and cell phones has  dramatically increased. Attitudes among the younger generation are  changing. The Cuban Government is making historic, albeit hesitant,  reforms to relax restrictions on private businesses. President Obama's  opening to Cuba, which lasted only 2 years was instrumental in helping  to bring about these changes.   Rather than acknowledge the unprecedented progress during that short  period, those who defend a policy of sanctions say Obama' s policy of  openness failed because Cuba remains a repressive, one-party state.  They completely ignore that the same was true for 50 years before Obama  and for the 5 years since Obama. When it comes to helping to bring  positive changes to the people of Cuba, President Obama wins hand down.   But, today, the United States is, once again, on the sidelines,  clinging to an outdated policy that history has shown will not succeed.  In fact, it is having the opposite effect by denying opportunities to  both Cubans and Americans.   U.S. policy toward Cuba is replete with contradictions, hypocrisy,  arrogance, and missed opportunities. Cuba is an impoverished country  that poses no threat to the United States; yet we treat it as if it  does largely because of our own actions. While we maintain an intricate  web of unilateral sanctions that every nation in this hemisphere  opposes, the Russians and Chinese are aggressively filling the vacuum  as anyone who visits Cuba today can readily see.   Engaging with a government whose policies are anathema to our own  does not bestow legitimacy on that government's leaders or acceptance  of its repressive policies. If that were the case, we should cease  engaging not only with Cuba but with dozens of governments around the  world, including several U.S. partners, Saudi Arabia and Egypt being  obvious examples.   We condemn the arbitrary arrests, sham trials, laws that criminalize  civil society, and the mistreatment and imprisonment of political  dissidents. These abuses are common to many countries, and we apply  targeted sanctions, and we restrict aid. But, for purely domestic  political reasons, we continue to impose a vast web of sweeping  sanctions against Cuba even when the administration knows they have not  worked.   I have said it many times: Our policy toward Cuba needs to be  guided--first and foremost--by what is in our national interest, not by  what is in the interest of a tiny domestic constituency and not by  making demands that we know the Cubans won't submit to.   Engaging with Cuba affords U.S. diplomats and American citizens the  opportunity to build relationships with Cuban counterparts and identify  issues of common interest on which to make progress. We saw that during  the Obama administration despite some who could not bring themselves to  admit it.   Over time, that is how we can then begin to address the more  difficult issues that divide us, knowing that it is the Cuban people,  not the United States, who will ultimately determine their country's  future.   This administration has had 10 months to demonstrate that continuing  the failed Trump policy of trying to bludgeon the Cuban authorities  into submission can produce positive results. There is not a shred of  evidence that it can. It never has. Are we going to waste another year  and another after that?   I hope not, but that is what will happen if the White House does not  change course and show the kind of thoughtful leadership on Cuba that  we saw during the Obama administration and that was welcomed by a large  majority of the American people. As Einstein said and so many have  repeated, ``Insanity  [[Page S8922]]  is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different  results.'' This administration can do better. It needs to do better.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   