 Madam President, in less than 72 hours, the  suspension on the Federal Government's debt ceiling will expire. That  leaves Congress with two options: continue with the reckless, wasteful  spending it is accustomed to without any accountability to the American  people; or finally face reality, make some tough choices, and chart a  path forward that lowers the Federal debt and gets spending under  control.   Washington is constantly spending more money and taking on new debt  without any plan to ever reduce the debt.   Since 1960, Congress has raised or extended the debt limit more than  70 times. Washington's choice to keep  [[Page S5126]]  raising or suspending the debt ceiling is like raising the limit on  your credit card month after month with no plan to pay it off.   It is reckless, and it is this kind of fiscal irresponsibility that  is hurting American families and causing the rising inflation we are  seeing.   As you can see here, 87 percent of Americans are worried about  inflation--87 percent. Low- and fixed-income families are having to cut  on purchases because of rising costs.   Look at these numbers: Gas up 52 percent in 12 months; milk, 11;  bacon, 16 percent; eggs, 6 percent; used cars, 45 percent; utilities, 6  percent.   I am hearing from families all across Florida who are worried. Read  you a couple stories.   A father of three in Jacksonville, who is temporarily helping to take  care of two other kids because their father is out of work, has started  working a second job driving Uber just to pay for groceries that are  rapidly increasing in price. Now, his Uber job is becoming less and  less profitable because the rising price of gas.   Mother of four in Wauchula said she used to be able to go to the  grocery store and spend a certain amount of money for an entire month's  groceries; now she can't. Two hundred dollars in meat is not--is no  longer enough to feed her family of five. She is being forced to choose  between gas to get to work and groceries for her family, and is picking  up extra jobs just to get by.   I can relate to all this. I grew up in a family that struggled for  money. My mom would take in ironing for extra money. She would send me  or my older brother to the grocery store with exact change, but she  told us: You have got to check the prices. The prices keep going up.  And if it does, you have got to figure out how to get the food we need  with less--with the money we have.   I have spoken to the owner of a construction company in West Palm  Beach who says materials are going up. Twenty-four dollars for a sheet  of plywood is now $80 a sheet. Drywall is going up a dollar a board.  Prices of hardware, like screws, are going up 10 to 15 percent per  month. Delivery prices are going up due to gas and the shortage of  truck drivers. His employees are complaining about gas and are afraid  what it might mean if the price continues to rise.   A restaurant owner in Tampa told me the cost of meat has gone up from  $9 a pound to $18. Gas prices and food prices, coupled with the  struggle to find workers, has been very hard on his business.   Another family in Kissimmee told me how hard it is to keep food on  the table because everything is so expensive. They are having trouble  keeping the car because of the cost of maintenance and gas, but if he  doesn't have a car, he wouldn't have a way to get to work to take care  of his family.   The price of gas affects nearly everyone, and right now average gas  prices are up nearly $1 since last year.   For a family that fills up their tank once a week, if you drive a  car, that means Joe Biden raised your expenses $600 a year; if you  drive a truck, that means Joe Biden raised your expenses by more than  $1,000 a year.   Biden and the Democrats say they care about people, but they have  done absolutely nothing to help families struggling to keep up with  inflation. Their plan is to spend more, more, more money, not less.   We have nearly $30 trillion in debt, and there are no plans to slow  down. Now Biden and the Democrats want to spend another $5.5 trillion  on their liberal priorities, with no consideration as to how this might  impact families.   Right now, this message that President Biden and the Democrats in  Washington are sending to the American people is clear: We don't care  about inflation. We don't care about reckless spending that is causing  prices to skyrocket.   If they say that is the cost of getting our liberal--their liberal  wish list done, so be it.   I think it is a disgusting approach and I am not going to stand for  it. I am here to say that enough is enough. It is time to wake up to  reality. Eighty-seven percent of Americans are concerned about  inflation. We have to take action to get government spending under  control, which is why we have introduced the Federal Debt Emergency  Control Act.   My bill prevents Washington from mindlessly spending by requiring  that two-thirds of the Senate vote to increase the debt before  approving any bill with deficit spending.   It would also terminate any unobligated funding from the American  Rescue Plan and any previous spending bills--sending it back to the  Treasury general fund for deficit reduction.   Finally, it would ensure that any bill reducing the debt by at least  5 percent over 10 years is fast-tracked through the legislative  process.   I have also introduced an amendment to the Senate rules to require  that all committee reports include inflationary impact statements so  Americans can see the true impacts of government spending.   Americans deserve to know how their hard-earned dollars are being  spent and how Washington's spending is affecting inflation. This will  ensure they do.   I welcome all my fiscally responsible colleagues to join me to say we  don't accept status quo. We won't watch in silence as people try to  spend us into oblivion. We won't stand by while inflation wreaks havoc  on our families and businesses.    We can get spending under control. While I was Governor of Florida,  we paid down one-third of our State debt by living within our means,  all while cutting taxes and fees about 100 times.   We can do it here, but we have to start acting responsibly today, and  the time to do that is now. It is time to stand up for our grandkids,  whose future is being mortgaged for out-of-control Washington spending.  This isn't political. It is good government, and it is commonsense.   I yield the floor.   