 Madam Speaker, Madam Chairman Beatty,  Coanchor Torres, it is indeed an honor to join you tonight with your  incredible leadership, Madam Chair, with your tenacious ability to  lead, direct, and command the respect of 57 Members of this august  body, to fight tirelessly on behalf of the people of your district, but  also all the people of our great country. I thank you for your  leadership.   This week, the House will take up an important bill for our Nation's  future, the INVEST Act.   Americans have grown weary, and justifiably so. We have talked about  an infrastructure bill for a very long time, and we have kicked the  proverbial ball down the road as far as we can.   The people deserve more. The people deserve better. They deserve an  infrastructure plan now, and one that speaks to traditional  infrastructure, brick and mortar, as well as human infrastructure,  broadband, housing, opportunities for our communities to rebuild, to  grow, to thrive.   As a Member of the House Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure, and as a Representative of one of the largest  transportation hubs in the Nation, I know this legislation will  reimagine and rebuild our infrastructure in Louisiana and across  America.   This is a big bill and it does big things. It steps up to the  challenges we face now and prepares us for challenges to come in the  future. It powers economic development, creating good-paying jobs,  building and fixing our crumbling infrastructure.   It connects communities by supporting public transit and new, high- speed, low-emission railways between cities like New Orleans and Baton  Rouge and the river parishes in between.   It restores communities that have been harmed by old transportation  decisions, like neighborhoods and districts that were cut in half and  live in the shadows of interstate overpasses.   It also invests in passenger and freight rail. Both are very  important to me because my district is home to the only port served by  six Class 1 railroads, and it contains a corridor that badly needs new  high-speed rail from New Orleans to Baton Rouge.   Investing in and supporting freight rail would allow them to continue  driving our economy and reducing greenhouse gases from shipping.   The plan to connect New Orleans and Baton Rouge was delayed by a  shortsighted decision of a previous Governor. But this bill and this  administration gets us back on track.   Connecting two of the biggest cities in the State with high-speed  passenger rail makes all the sense in the world; tying communities  together, creating jobs and opportunities throughout the State of  Louisiana, providing the resources to have cleaner forms of  transportation.   Infrastructure now means so much more than stop signs and sidewalks.  It means access to broadband, affordable and safe housing, and support  for people caring for parents or children.   This bill starts that, and the rest of our efforts must continue to  move forward in the vein of including people.   We need physical infrastructure, but we also need human  infrastructure. We need to invest in highways and ports, but we also  need to invest in the environment and the environmental safety of our  communities, because I have long said that people should not have to  die for their jobs. We must invest in the corrections that will create  a safer and better environment. We need to invest in our people. We  need to invest in affordable housing and the opportunities for  neighborhoods and communities to stand up.   I look forward to fighting for all of this, and then some. I look  forward to  [[Page H3238]]  building back better. America deserves better. America deserves more.  America deserves a robust infrastructure plan, and America deserves it  now.   