 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Gimenez for being here and  inviting us.   Over the past year and a half, the American people have endured a  nationwide pandemic and its impact on every aspect of all of our lives.  More than 600,000 Americans have died, and their families have suffered  the immeasurable grief of that. This was all preventable.   The Communist Party is directly responsible. I don't know why we  can't say it. I don't know why we can't look into it. Our economy was  devastated and lives were crushed; things that can never be gotten  back. People lost jobs. People lost their dreams. It can't be gotten  back.   It is going to take our economy years to rebuild. Americans want  answers and they deserve answers. I don't understand why the majority  party here doesn't want to investigate this. They want to investigate  everything else, but they are not interested in this.   Let me tell you what we know. In November of 2019, scientists at the  Wuhan Institute of Virology came down with a sickness consistent with  COVID-19. We know that the World Health Organization's initial report-- and I say initial because it was so politically charged, they had to  come up with another one--China maintained sole authority of those  investigating it.   Oh, by the way, 60 of the people who were investigating it weren't  scientists. Somehow we trust them, but we can't have our own  investigations. The Chinese Communist Party is guilty of obstruction of  evidence. It is clear. It is clear.   Now, while the majority has denied calls for an investigation,  continuing the cult of fear--and let me talk to you about the cult of  fear. Remember when touching a doorknob was supposed to give you the  virus?   You couldn't shake hands. You had to buy as much toilet paper and  water as you could because you couldn't go to the store. You couldn't  visit your loved  [[Page H3074]]  ones. And heaven forbid your kids go to school. And even today, when we  want our kids to go to school, we are told we are terrorists and  science deniers.   Let's stop the cult of fear. Let's stop it. Let's get the majority  party, let's beseech the majority party to open an investigation  because the American people deserve to know the origins of this virus.   