 Madam Speaker, the January 6 insurrection against our  Congress, our Constitution, and our election was one of the worst  political crimes in American history.   It interrupted the peaceful transfer of power. It injured, wounded,  hospitalized more than 140 law enforcement officials who were punched,  kicked, maced, spat upon, and speared by Confederate battle flags,  Donald Trump flags, American flags. They had eyes gouged. One lost  several fingers.   They turned the Capitol of the United States and this Chamber into a  crime scene.   The independent January 6 commission legislation brought forth by  Chairman Thompson, a Democrat, and Congressman Katko, a Republican, is  bipartisan in composition: five Republicans and five Democrats, equal  subpoena power. It is nonpartisan in design and in function.   Its whole purpose is to determine the events and the causes of those  events on January 6 so we can prepare effectively to stop it from ever  happening again to the people of America.   The key precedent was the 9/11 Commission, which was critical for  mobilizing public attention to the dangers of al-Qaida and other  foreign terror networks and helping us to rectify inadequacies in our  security infrastructure and to prepare to defend our democracy.   Today, the number one security threat facing the American people is  domestic violent extremism, and we saw what domestic violent extremism  can do when it broke into our House on January 6.   According to the Secretary of Homeland Security, Alejandro Mayorkas:  ``Domestic violent extremism poses the most lethal and persistent  terrorism-related threat to our country today.''   Abraham Lincoln made a beautiful speech that I recommend to all of my  colleagues before they vote on this legislation today, the Lyceum  Address, where he said all the armies of Europe, all the armies of  Africa and Asia, could never conquer American democracy. But if there  is a mortal threat to us, it will come from within, from dissension  within, and threats to the constitutional order from within.   We must pay attention to what happened on January 6, and we must  honor those brave men and women who fought for hours against medieval- style waves of violence raining down upon them on that day. And we must  do honor to future generations of Americans to find out exactly what  happened and why, and how to stop it in the future.   Let's pass this legislation today.   