 Madam Speaker, as a proud Republican, I rise in opposition  to the objection to the electorate.    Madam Speaker, I come to this side of the aisle as a proud  Republican but, most importantly, as a proud American.   Today, we saw an assault on our democracy. I love this institution. I  love the United States Congress, and I love  [[Page H90]]  the United States of America. And what I saw today was mob rule that  spat upon the blood of my father that is in the soil of Europe and in  the soil of Korea, and who gave us through that blood this sacred  Constitution and the sacred ability to lead this world as a power that  says we settle our differences not with mob rule; we settle our  difference through elections. And when those elections are over, we  have a peaceful transition of power.   Now, make no mistake to my colleagues on the Democratic side of the  aisle, I will be passionate in my disagreement with you. I will be  passionate in my ideas for the future of this country, and I will fight  for my Republican ideas that I hold near and dear. But I will stand  with you tonight and send a message to the Nation and all Americans  that what we saw today was not American, and what we see tonight in  this body shall be what we do in America, and that is to transfer power  in a peaceful way.    I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey.    Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to always search  their conscience and their souls. I respect my Republican colleagues  and my Democratic colleagues, but today, let us pause and remember what  happened here today. Let us pause that our tenure in this Congress will  far surpass the time that we stay here. And let us pause and cast our  votes today recognizing that what we do here today will set the course  of this institution for years to come.   This institution, Madam Speaker, shall not fail because the United  States of America shall forever be the beacon of hope, the inspiration  to all.   May God bless our great country.   