 Madam Speaker, let me just say we had a vote here yesterday  to create a commission, a bipartisan commission, to go through all of  these initiatives in a bipartisan way, and it was rejected by the vast  majority of those on the other side.   We are trying to do this in a bipartisan way. It is what the American  people want. It is what the American people deserve. This bill here is  largely based on the recommendations from General Honore, who went to  great lengths with four or five or six other generals to analyze what  happened on January 6 and provide us with recommendations.   The time is now. We have to act. We hear about the rank-and-file  police officers here who have 12-hour shifts, 16-hour shifts, don't  have the equipment that they need, securing of the Capitol, the trauma  that happened here. None of us are going to forget those events.   But this is a narrowly tailored bill to provide long overdue support.  Here we are, working ourselves into the end of May. This is support for  direct costs incurred by the attack on the Capitol and to restore the  faith that Members of Congress can safely carry out our constitutional  duties.   It demonstrates a strong commitment to continue to allow Americans  from across the country to be able to come to the Capitol. We are not  militarizing the Capitol. We are going to have a quick response force  in case something happens similar to if there was a threat to the  President, a threat to Washington, D.C., we start flying fighter jets  overhead. This is the equivalent. We are not trying to militarize  anything.   There is critical support in here for the Capitol Police to maintain  the current workforce until we can hire and recruit more officers, such  as backfilling overtime, hazard pay, and tuition credits, so we don't  lose more of the Capitol Police to other agencies.   The bill includes $3.3 million for the Capitol Police's intelligence  division, which was a huge part of the failures that occurred on  January 6. So we want to invest and make sure that we have the  intelligence capabilities that we need.   We want to make sure that the Capitol Police have all the equipment  that they need, as the gentlewoman from Connecticut just said, gas  masks, tactical vests, body armor.   I am proud of this bill, and I am proud this bill supports the  emotional needs of Members of Congress, congressional employees, and  the Capitol Police, with funding for both the Office of Employee  Assistance and the Capitol Police wellness program.   This emergency supplemental appropriation renames the Capitol Police  wellness program the Howard C. ``Howie'' Liebengood Center for  Wellness. The bill provides funding for six new Capitol Police mental  health counselors and wellness resilience specialists. This is an  extremely necessary investment in our workforce, and it will help them  grow and heal from the events of January 6 and the sad day of Good  Friday.   I am also pleased that this bill establishes funds for future Capitol  Grounds security.    It also establishes funds for future Capitol Grounds  security, including upgrades to windows, doors, security screening  vestibules, and the installation of new cameras around the Capitol  Building and House Office Buildings.   It includes $350,000 for hazard pay to the custodial staff that were  working on the campus on January 6 and helped in the aftermath to get  things cleaned up so we could continue our business. The employees have  received the Architect's Exceptional Service Award and are recognized  as valuable members of the Capitol community.   We have had many tough conversations with our colleagues, in looking  at the Capitol security review and recommendations from General Honore.  We also include $21 million to address Member security while traveling  and in district offices.   We are living in a new reality. To address providing a safe and  healthy community, we have included funding to reimburse and further  support our legislative branch agencies in response to the coronavirus:  Telework, sanitizing, cleaning our Capitol complex and district  offices.   Madam Speaker, I am proud of the hard work of so many. I thank the  gentlewoman from Connecticut for being a force to get this bill done.  This supplemental needs to pass. We need to act.     We have to act. If the American people can't see us acting  in a bipartisan way when a group of people storm the Capitol, and we  can't even pass a bill with Republican support to fix the doors and  windows and provide more police officers, how are we going to do  anything else?   Madam Speaker, this is a good bill. Please vote ``yes.''   