 Madam President, I rise to support the nomination of  Denis McDonough to be Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Mr. McDonough brings to this position a wealth of experience as a  national security professional and White House Chief of Staff. He knows  how to solve problems, break down bureaucratic silos, and deliver  results.   As the VA Secretary, Mr. McDonough will face a host of new challenges  brought on by COVID-19. I appreciate his commitment to addressing these  issues head-on, including the need to lead an aggressive effort to  vaccinate veterans and their healthcare providers, ensure that claims  are processed in a timely manner, and review the proposed rule on VA  home loans exiting COVID-19 forbearance.   In addition to the immediate challenges posed by the COVID-19  pandemic, I know that one of Mr. McDonough's priorities is to tackle  the structural needs of the VA. I am also pleased that Mr. McDonough  has already promised to defend the VA healthcare system against efforts  at privatization. Additionally, I am grateful for Mr. McDonough's  assurances that he will act assertively to create a culture of zero  tolerance toward sexual harassment and assault in the Department. This  is of particular importance after a VA inspector general's report found  that his predecessor engaged in active measures to discredit a  congressional staffer who reported that she was sexually assaulted at a  VA medical center. We must ensure that our women veterans are treated  with dignity and respect at all VA facilities.   I also want to applaud Mr. McDonough's pledge to make ending veteran  homelessness a national priority. My home State of Maryland has been a  national leader in this effort. Montgomery County, MD, effectively  ended veteran homelessness in 2015, and the Veterans Village in  Perryville is creating a model for using VASH vouchers to build  supportive communities that house and provide services to homeless  veterans. The State is also moving forward with an aggressive effort to  build a second veterans home in Sykesville. This is a moral imperative,  and Maryland has been leading the way. I trust that we will have the  same level of urgency from the VA under Secretary McDonough, and I look  forward to continuing the partnership on these efforts.   The Department of Veterans Affairs provides crucial services, care,  and peace of mind for our Nation's 18 million veterans. The VA has more  to do to make sure that the care that it provides is worthy of those  who served our Nation. I believe that Mr. McDonough's experience has  prepared him well to continue that effort, and I support his  nomination.   