 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend  for yielding.   This is one of the most disappointing days that I have had when it  comes to figuring out a way to protect this Capitol complex. One of the  most disappointing parts of this legislation is that both parties for  both sides of the Capitol were working together on a bill, and out of  nowhere, House Democrats stopped negotiating and decided on Friday to  introduce their own partisan bill and rush it to the floor.   The press has even pointed out that the Senate will have to  renegotiate this bill before it can pass, so I can't help but wonder  why we are voting on this bill today when we could be voting on a deal  that actually has a chance of becoming law.   Even worse, this bill is being sold as an appropriations bill, but  there is a lot of legislating happening here--permanent security  changes buried in this nearly $2 billion supplemental bill. As ranking  member of the House Administration Committee, I can tell you that some  of these permanent changes are within my committee's jurisdiction, and  my committee hasn't held any hearings to review or examine these  changes.   While I believe we need to make the National Guard whole for their  service after January 6, this bill permanently establishes the National  Guard as a quick reaction force. This was just one of the options  provided in General Honore's report, but if I recall, he provided three  options to establish a quick reaction force. I have some serious  concerns about this being the most efficient and effective way to  protect the Capitol in an emergency.   The bill also requires body cameras for each Capitol Police officer,  with the exception of officers who are on protective detail for  leadership and other Members. My committee has not reviewed this or why  an exception was made for certain officers.   Additionally, this bill could allow Members to use taxpayer dollars  to make upgrades to their homes for security purposes. As someone who  has been shot at on a ballfield and received many threats from  constituents and others over the years, I understand the need for  protection, and there have already been changes to help increase  safety. But I have a feeling some of our constituents wouldn't be happy  with Members of Congress being able to use tax dollars to make  improvements that could increase the value of their homes in the name  of security.   I am disappointed with the process, Madam Speaker, and it is a shame  we are not voting on a bipartisan bill that can make it through the  Senate.   