 Madam President, as empty shelves grow more and  more common, prices are surging higher, and small businesses can't  access the goods they need to serve their customers. Joe Biden's supply  chain and inflation crises are devastating for so many Americans, but  it is our poorest families--those on low and fixed incomes, like mine  growing up--who are hurt the most.   Just last week, we saw the new CPI inflation data come out. Rates are  the highest they have been in more than 30 years. Every month, when I  see Biden's new inflation numbers come out--and they are always worse  than the month before--I think about my mom. Growing up, I watched my  mom struggle every day just to put food on the table and make ends meet  for our family. Now countless families across America are dealing with  that same struggle today all because of Joe Biden's reckless, socialist  policies, like his unconstitutional vaccine mandates. These policies  are fueling inflation and the current supply chain crisis, but Biden  and his administration do absolutely nothing to fix it.   Throughout my years in business and 8 years as the Governor of  Florida, I learned that, when you are trying to solve a problem, the  best place to start is by bringing people together. When hurricanes  devastated Florida, and we had to deal with restoring power and  communication services and getting resources where they were needed  most, we brought people together and got to work to solve problems, but  you don't see any of that with this administration.   Just look at inflation. I have been talking about inflation nonstop  all year, and it is getting worse and worse and worse. Biden has  totally ignored it. His administration has attacked people like Larry  Summers and me. Larry Summers is a Clinton-Obama appointee who warned  early on that reckless spending was going to fuel a massive inflation  crisis.   Now we are seeing the same thing with Biden's supply chain crisis. I  have called on Commerce Secretary Raimondo and Transportation Secretary  Buttigieg to come before the Commerce Committee and testify about what  they are doing to resolve this problem. They haven't shown up. We  haven't had a single hearing on this crisis in the Commerce Committee.  I have seen them on TV dismiss the severity of the problem. I was  surprised to see that Secretary Buttigieg had time to attend a bill  signing but still hasn't been to California to get working on the  massive supply chain issues that are stranding dozens of ships off the  California coast.   Unlike the Biden administration, I am not going to sit around and  play TV commentator. Families in Florida expect and deserve more than  that. That is why I was proud to partner with my friend and colleague  Congressman Carlos Gimenez to introduce the Supply Chain Emergency  Response Act to get products flowing to American families and  businesses again. Our legislation is simple and common sense. Congress  passed the CARES Act to help our economy survive the effects of COVID  and the economic lockdowns. We know that much of that money remains  unspent and that it could be used for far more important purposes.   We also know that there are dozens of ships waiting to dock and be  unloaded at California ports right now. Our bill would redirect $125  million of unspent, unobligated CARES Act funds to help pay for the  costs of moving cargo ships, which are waiting to dock on the west  coast, through the Panama Canal, so they can dock along the east coast,  including in States like Florida. I am going to be clear. This bill  does nothing to mandate that ships be redirected to the east coast. It  simply provides an option and the funding to offset some of the costs.  The bill would also allow Governors to use their unspent and  unobligated CARES Act funds to offset port fees and other related  State-level expenses. It is the pretty simple idea of using the money  meant to help with the economic recovery to actually help with the  economic recovery.   Just last week, at the Port of Palm Beach, I had a meeting with port  and business leaders who are seeing the delays and effects firsthand.  Their businesses are hurting and are left waiting for weeks and months  for the resources they need to run their businesses and serve their  customers. We need a solution, and Florida's ports are ready and able  to help with this crisis, and with the holidays getting closer and  closer, we can't waste any more time.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 3224, which is at the desk. Further,  I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate my colleague, and  I am proud to serve on the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and  Transportation with her.   Just remember, what we are talking about here is a supply chain  problem, and let's not ignore a very important fact. That committee has  not held a single hearing on this crisis.   I have been calling for Secretary Buttigieg and Secretary Raimondo to  testify in the Commerce Committee on Biden's supply chain crisis for  weeks and haven't seen one bit of action taken to make that happen. I  don't think we can wait any longer. American families can't wait any  longer.   Biden's supply chain crisis is hurting American families everywhere  right now. The President's failed policies and unconstitutional vaccine  mandates are stifling business growth, crippling our supply chain, and  fueling his--his--inflation crisis. Restoring our supply chains is  critical to getting the American economy rolling again and something  President Biden doesn't seem to understand, but we need solutions.   I actually feel sorry that my Democratic colleagues have to cover for  the President's failures instead of actually helping the American  people. Passing this bill today would have given us the opportunity to  provide some needed relief in the supply chain and help lower costs for  American families who are worried about whether they will be able to  afford Thanksgiving dinner and Hanukkah gifts and holiday gifts.   We need solutions now, and today's inaction is a perfect example why  the American people don't trust Washington to get anything done.   I yield the floor.   