 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from North Carolina  for his thoughts.   We are on the cusp of a vote here on legislation that would  dramatically change the way we conduct our elections in this country.  As my colleague said, are all elections perfect? No. But I have to tell  you, I am really proud of what we do in Ohio. We make it easy to vote;  we also make it hard to cheat, and that is the right balance.   This bill, S. 1, is called the For the People Act, but what it  actually does is it strips away control from people in Ohio and  elsewhere to build the right election laws in our own States and  centralizes that control here in Washington, DC. That is not consistent  with the Constitution or the Federalist Papers. In addition, some of  those proposed changes attempt to undermine the First Amendment rights  that we hold so dear as Americans.   I am proud of the way we conduct our elections in Ohio, in part  because we have high turnout. In fact, we had record turnout last year,  and that is great. And I don't want to leave it up to Federal employees  here in Washington, DC, to determine how our system should work in  Ohio, which is what this legislation would do.   I mentioned the Constitution earlier. It gives the primary power over  election administration to the States. It is very clear about that. It  also says in Federalist 59, which is Alexander Hamilton, who was the  guy most interested in these Federalist issues--he said it is clear  that the Federal Government should only get involved in very  extraordinary situations.   Last fall, 5.97 million Ohioans cast a vote--that is a record, as I  said--and it represented 74 percent of eligible voters in Ohio. Despite  that and despite the challenges of running the largest election in our  State's history during an unprecedented pandemic, we ran what was  wildly reported on the right, on the left, by the media as a secure and  successful election--in fact, I think the most successful election we  have ever had. Our State-run, bipartisan county boards of election,  with two Democrats and two Republicans in each county, were able to do  that because they know what is best for Ohio and they are held  accountable.   But this partisan bill claims Washington, DC, somehow knows better.  S. 1 strips the power from accountable, democratically elected State  representatives in my State and around the country to determine  congressional districts and hands that over to a Federal panel, again,  staffed by unelected, unaccountable third parties and a computer  program. Again, I think it should be something that is part of what  election representatives are held to account for, is how we draw our  congressional districts.   It mandates the controversial practice of ballot harvesting. I don't  like ballot harvesting. I think it makes it easier for partisan  operatives on both the right and the left to conduct outright voter  fraud.   It would force taxpayers to fund the political campaigns of  candidates they don't support. It turns the Federal Election Commission  into a tool of whichever party controls the White House. So instead of  being even, it would actually be lopsided and be partisan.    It seemingly contradicts the 26th Amendment by forcing States to let  individuals register to vote as early as 16 years old, and then it  could allow those 16- or 17-year-olds to vote by banning State voter ID  laws. The vast majority of Americans support voter ID laws. It is a  fact. Republicans, Democrats, and Independents think you ought to have  some sort of ID when you come vote, but this bill bans that safeguard.   I could list other serious flaws with the proposal, but the bottom  line is that this legislation has been presented as a safeguard for  democracy when it actually contains some radically undemocratic  provisions.   I am in favor of State-level, commonsense efforts to increase voter  confidence in our elections. We absolutely should do that. We need to  protect democracy by ensuring, again, that people know it is easy to  vote. It is accessible. That is good. We should all want that. But we  should also make it hard to cheat and be sure we have security in our  elections so people know they have trust in the system, that their vote  is going to count, as it should. Again, that is what we do in Ohio.   I don't think this legislation furthers those objectives. Instead, I  think it would amount to a Federal takeover of our election system,  which has always been in the domain of the States.   Our government is built on a carefully constructed framework of  checks and balances, including between the branches of government. I  cannot support legislation that would run so counter to what the  Framers of the Constitution intended and the election system that works  well in my home State of Ohio.   I yield back.   