 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer for giving me the opportunity to support H.R. 4256,  the Investing in Main Street Act of 2021.   The members of the House Small Business Committee, both Republican  and Democrat, often talk about small businesses being the backbone of  the U.S. economy. This is not just a talking point but a simple  statement of fact. Small businesses are major contributors to our  Nation's success and prosperity. As we face economic uncertainty due to  the pandemic, we look to our small businesses to be leaders in the  private sector and to help revitalize our communities.   For 63 years, the SBIC program has injected capital into small  businesses by allowing financial institutions or Federal savings  associations to invest in SBICs up to 5 percent. But times change,  programs need updating, and now, more than ever, small businesses in  the SBIC program need access to additional capital. The increase from 5  percent to 15 percent investment stipulated in this bill is a necessary  reform that will help small businesses get back on their feet.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague Congresswoman Chu for her  leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman and ranking member  for allowing this bill, the Small Business Development Center Cyber  Training Act, to come to the floor today. I also want to thank the  Representatives for their support who are cosponsors: Representatives  Evans, Chabot, Houlahan, Phillips, Tenney, Delgado, Rice, and  Gottheimer.   Cyberattacks are on the rise, and small businesses are increasingly  vulnerable. Nearly 50 percent of cyberattacks are directed at small  businesses, which can result in devastating financial, intellectual  property, and reputational loss.   Small businesses are targeted because they often lack the resources  or technical knowledge needed to implement and maintain cybersecurity  defenses. This bill combats this by helping Small Business Development  Centers become better equipped to assist small businesses and their  cybersecurity and cyber strategy needs.   Combating cyberattacks and putting small businesses in the best  position to prevent and respond to cyberattacks has become one of my  top priorities as a Member of Congress. As a member of both the Small  Business Committee and the ranking member of the Committee on Homeland  Security's Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection,  and Innovation, I have seen how difficult it is for small businesses to  arm themselves against these kinds of attacks.   This bill provides much-needed resources to help small businesses  improve their cyber preparedness in the face of rising threats. I urge  my colleagues to support and pass H.R. 4515.   