 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from California  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I also want to say it is  nice to see him on the floor in good and improving health.   Madam Speaker, the rule before us today makes in order 149 amendments  to H.R. 3684, House Democrats' progressive infrastructure wish list  that prioritizes Green New Deal mandates above actual transportation  needs.   Sadly, only 18 percent of the amendments made in order under this  rule were offered by Republicans. Compare that with the FAST Act. The  FAST Act was the last surface transportation reauthorization bill,  which was signed into law back in 2015.   Back then, Republicans controlled the House. Yet, 30 percent of the  amendments made in order were amendments offered by Democrats. The bill  itself was actually bipartisan, unlike the bill we are debating today.  And even with that bipartisan bill, Republicans, when we were in  charge, allowed 30 percent of the amendments to come from Democrats.  That is nearly double the amount that Democrats are allowing  Republicans to offer today.    Democrats went so far that they stripped out a Republican amendment  that was actually agreed to in the Transportation Committee's markup.  It was agreed to by unanimous consent.   Mr. Gimenez from Florida offered an amendment during the committee  consideration of this bill, H.R. 3684. Mr. Gimenez offered an amendment  that would prohibit civil penalties in the bill from being used to  publicly finance political campaigns.   For example, under this amendment, civil penalties for violating  rules on transporting animals could not have been used to contribute to  a politician's campaign coffers. It is actually unfathomable that the  majority accepted that Republican amendment, an amendment that is good  for transparency and good for taxpayers, only to then strip it out in  the Rules Committee print.   Madam Speaker, compromise used to be when Republicans and Democrats  came together to pass a bill that is actually bipartisan. That is  compromise. Today, though, compromise is being defined as liberals and  socialists coming together to pass a partisan piece of legislation.   During his inauguration, I sat there and listened to Joe Biden say:  ``With unity, we can do great things.'' I don't know if the House  Democrats missed that memo or if they weren't listening like I was at  the inauguration. Or maybe Joe Biden was saying that unity is when  liberal activist groups come together.   With today's rule, liberals are doubling down on the partisan  approach to government, and it is not just me saying this. According to  the majority's own press release, this bill moves further left than  finding compromise.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, my good friend from New York talked about investment,  but I would like to remind my liberal colleagues that this bill ties $1  out of every $2 into Green New Deal mandates. And the infrastructure  that is being talked about in some parts of this bill is actually  defined as art.   So let's just keep the facts in perspective and remember that these  words actually do have meaning.   Madam Speaker, included in today's rule is a provision that prevents  consideration of joint resolutions terminating COVID-19 mandates.   Right now, America is the most COVID-resilient country in the world.  We are the most resilient in the world, thanks to President Trump and  Operation Warp Speed. It is time for us to return to normal because  President Trump, by putting science over political science, gave us the  ability to return to normal.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar) to discuss his resolution that would terminate the COVID-19  emergency mandates.     Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, water is certainly infrastructure. What is not is art.  While the majority places restrictions on building roads--again, roads  actually are infrastructure. While there are restrictions on roads,  there is no restriction on using Federal transit money for art.  Essentially, this bill defines art as infrastructure.    Let's talk more about roads which are, as I define, actually  infrastructure.   The so-called infrastructure bill actually bans construction of new  roads. The bill also prioritizes urban areas at the expense of rural  and suburban communities. There are massive increases in transit and  rail funding, yet, again, there are restrictions on the building  [[Page H3319]]  of roads--the transportation mode rural Americans use the most.   Madam Speaker, since his first day in office, President Biden has  declared a war on blue-collar workers. He has also declared a war on  the American energy industry. Thanks to liberal Democrats and the  fantasy of the Green New Deal, energy costs for Americans are  skyrocketing. It is evident at the gas pump where prices heading into  the Fourth of July weekend are the highest they have been since 2014.   Now, Republicans and conservatives believe that America should be  energy independent. That is good for American families, it is good for  the economy, and it is certainly good for national security.   That is why, if we defeat the previous question, I will personally  offer an amendment to the rule to immediately consider Congressman Jeff  Duncan's Protecting American Energy Production Act.   This legislation, which I am a proud cosponsor of, would prohibit the  President from declaring a moratorium on fracking without congressional  approval.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman  from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), who is here to explain this amendment  and is the bill's author and my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from South  Carolina such additional time as he may consume.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   The gentleman from Oregon said that he ran for Congress to make  everyday Americans more financially secure. If that is the case, this  bill is not going to do any of that, and here is why. There is a little  thing called inflation, which is a tax from an economic perspective.   This bill's massive price tag, which is just under $550 billion, that  price tag relies heavily on deficit spending, which further fuels  inflation and increases the costs of goods, like food and gas, that  everyday Americans need. That is the true cost--just one of the true  costs of this bill, which will hurt blue-collar workers.   Now, if you are a member of the Zoom class, if you are a woke yuppie  that is staring at screens all day, not actually working for a living,  well, you can take your $100,000-plus income and buy an electric  vehicle.   But let's talk about electric vehicles. Although the gentleman from  Oregon thinks they are the wave of the future, this bill provides $4  billion for electric vehicle charging stations, but only $1 billion for  the Rebuild Rural grant program that helps people who are likely living  in rural areas, making less than $100,000.   And why I am focused on $100,000 is because 70 percent of electric  car owners earn at least $100,000 a year. Again, the electric vehicles  are not going to do anything really for the environment, but it sounds  good if you are a woke yuppie sitting at home.   Further, this empowers China, which China is the world's greatest  polluter. If you take all the emissions of the United States, all of  the EU, and Japan, added together, we still collectively don't emit  more than China does. And we rely on China for 80 percent of our  critical minerals that we need to actually make an electronic vehicle.   So, again, scoring cheap political points, hurting blue-collar  workers, and doing zero to actually improve the environment.   But talking about radical policies: Radical progressives, including  Members of this very body, have called for a Federal ban on fracking.  Again, more of the war on blue-collar workers.   So, apparently, Democrats and liberal Progressives don't care about  American workers. These blue-collar workers, these guys that are  working the oil and gas pads of southwestern Pennsylvania, they rely on  fracking for jobs. In fact, a fracking ban would cost 7.5 million jobs  by 2022.   They must not care. Democrats must not care about American families  either because household energy costs would increase over $600 per  year, while household incomes would fall by $5,400 a year annually.   My good friend, my fellow Member from Pennsylvania, Congressman Fred  Keller, knows just how devastating a  [[Page H3321]]  fracking ban would be to our State and national economy.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Keller) to explain this.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, the gentleman from California, who I do consider a  friend, was talking about electric vehicles. I think there is a  disconnect with where that electricity comes from.   The drywall is not producing electricity when you plug in an electric  vehicle. The electricity is being manufactured in a plant. So even if  you had 100 percent electric vehicles, the source of the electricity is  still coming from some kind of fossil fuel. That is the reality. It  might upset some folks, but that is just the reality of electric  vehicles.   Even if we were to go to a 100 percent renewable clean energy for all  of our energy needs, even if we were to cede that part of the argument,  you still need petrochemicals. You still need oil and gas for  petrochemicals that we use for everything.   If you are one of the individuals who is lucky enough to earn over  $100,000 a year and can afford a Tesla, I want you to look at the  dashboard on your Tesla and thank an American fracker because I can  guarantee you that dashboard is not made with hemp. It is made of  petrochemicals.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Madam Speaker, once again, Democrats are bringing a hyperpartisan  bill to the floor. They are blocking Republican efforts to actually  improve measures for the Americans who don't make $100,000 a year, who  can't afford a Tesla.   This is not me saying that. You can look at the numbers. You can  follow the money.   Let's just look at the numbers. In 2015, when House Republicans were  in charge and had another package that was an infrastructure package,  30 percent of the amendments were Democrat amendments. This time, only  18 percent of the amendments are Republican amendments. Clearly, this  is far from a bipartisan bill.   Follow the money. It is no surprise that, under this bill,  congressional districts in blue States would get almost double the  funding for transportation projects compared to districts in red  States.   Madam Speaker, while liberals and progressives push the Green New  Deal fantasy on Americans, and while we do things like define art as  infrastructure, House Republicans will continue to fight for investment  in roads, bridges, and real transportation that will help real  Americans and drive our economy.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and vote ``no'' on the rule, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   