 Mr. President, I rise today to express my support for  the nomination of Paloma Adams-Allen to be Deputy Administrator for  Management and Resources for the United States Agency for International  Development, USAID.   Ms. Adams-Allen is a dedicated public servant who has spent her  entire career focusing on international development and eliminating  global poverty. She will bring with her essential leadership  experience, stemming from her years as USAID's Deputy Assistant  Administrator for the Latin America and Caribbean Bureau and, most  recently, as the CEO of the Inter-American Foundation.   She is exactly the type of leader USAID needs right now as  Administrator Samantha Power aims to restore and refocus the Agency as  a critical arm of U.S. foreign policy.   The Senate Foreign Relations Committee reported Ms. Adam-Allen's  nomination by voice vote, with no Members asking to be recorded in  opposition. Yet she has been languishing on the Senate floor for more  than 2 months due to Republican holds. Even though the Biden  administration has been in office for more than 9 months, the Senate is  only now getting around  [[Page S6904]]  to voting on just the second nominee to USAID.   Last week, I made a live unanimous consent request to confirm Ms.  Adams-Allen and nine other nominees the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee reported to the floor, including two other USAID nominees.  But each of the nominations was blocked by our Republican colleagues  for reasons that have nothing to do with the nominations themselves.   This continued obstruction of nominees who are critical to restoring  U.S. global leadership and ensuring our national security is shameful.  And it is dangerous.   USAID is grappling with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other  humanitarian emergencies that are ravaging the globe, and Members of  this body are preventing it from effectively carrying out its mission,  a mission that is intended to further U.S. interests.   So while I am relieved that the full Senate is finally taking steps  to confirm Ms. Adams-Allen, the fact that we need votes on both cloture  and final passage on a nominee who is without a hint of controversy,  has served dutifully in government for decades, and was reported with  unanimous support from the Foreign Relations Committee, is utterly  absurd.   The delays and obstacles facing nominees for critical development and  national security posts pending on the Senate floor and in the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee is reckless and contrary to our country's  interests. We owe it to the Senate and the American people to fix this  problem.   I strongly support confirming Ms. Adams-Allen and respectfully urge  my colleagues to join me in advancing her nomination, along with all of  the foreign affairs nominations pending before this body.   I yield the floor.   