 Mr. Speaker, Lloyd Austin, as we have heard, would be our  country's first African-American Secretary of Defense. His confirmation  is more than a symbolic milestone towards genuine integration of the  Department of Defense; it is a substantive answer to many of the  challenges that the military faces.   What are those challenges, Mr. Speaker? White supremacy and  extremism. There is a dramatic rise in White supremacists and racist  hate groups within our military. They actively recruit from our  uniformed ranks. A Military Times survey found an alarming rise in  White supremacist and racist ideology in the military.   What are those challenges, Mr. Speaker? The lack of diversity  inclusion at our highest ranks and in our coveted career fields. Racial  and ethnic groups make up more than 40 percent of the Nation's  military, but there is a significant lack of diversity in civilian and  military leadership at the most senior levels, due in large part to  systemic racial bias in promotion and assignment boards. This hurts the  military, our readiness and our effectiveness.   Who are those challenges, Mr. Speaker? The military isn't immune from  the racial injustice that we see in the broader criminal justice  system. Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice today, a Black  servicemember is two times more likely to be court-martialed or  punished.   These are real challenges that erode the effectiveness of our  military. That is why we need a leader like Lloyd Austin. He  understands the complexities of the military and the challenges our  country faces. His lived experience and his professional record cry out  for a waiver to lead the Department of Defense.   President Biden is committed to civilian control of the military,  protecting our men and women in uniform, and restoring American  leadership. President Biden has confidence in Lloyd Austin, and so  should we. He is the right man for this moment for our military.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support the waiver of  soon-to-be Secretary Lloyd Austin at the Department of Defense.   