 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support for  the RENACER Act, S. 1064, which seeks to hold the regime of Daniel  Ortega in Nicaragua accountable for its ongoing violations of human  rights and subversion of the rule of law and democracy in that country.   I am a proud cosponsor of the companion bill in the House, introduced  by my good friend and colleague from New Jersey, Albio Sires, and I  must say that today's vote could not be more timely.   For this Sunday, November 7, the Ortega regime will hold sham  elections where those who would have legitimately challenged strongman  Daniel Ortega are either in exile or in prison.   Among those who have been arrested are Cristina Chamorro Barrios,  Juan Sebastian Chamorro, Arturo Cruz Jr., Medardo Mairena, Felix  Maradiaga, Miguel Mora and Noel Vidaurre.   This past July I convened a hearing as co-chair of the Tom Lantos  Human Rights Commission entitled ``The Ortega Government and the Human  Cost of Repression in Nicaragua.''   Among those who testified at the hearing were the wives of two of the  arrested would-be candidates: Felix Maradiaga's wife Berta Valles, and  Juan Sebastian Chamorro's wife Victoria Cardenas.   These brave women gave voice to their husbands' courage, and spoke on  their behalf because they could not.   They recounted to us the repression unleashed by Daniel Ortega and  his wife Rosario Murillo, who is running for Vice President.   Berta Valles recounted to us that ``For years, Felix has been a  target of attacks by the Ortega regime because he speaks truth to  power. He has been beaten, confined to house arrest, and threatened.  For months, he endured 24/7 surveillance by the police. They have tried  again and again to silence him, but he never stands down.''   Likewise, Victoria Cardenas also told us that because her husband,  Juan Sebastian Chamorro, dared to speak out against Ortega's  oppression, ``the regime has also persecuted and harassed me and my  family. They have brought a civil case against me, my sister, and my  mother, which would take away all my mother's assets. They have brought  a criminal case against me, and there is an open warrant for my arrest.  It is clear that Ortega is using every part of Nicaragua's  institutions, including its judicial system, to not only persecute  those who challenge the government, but also their family members.''   Ladies and Gentlemen, we must counter this regime of repression.   It should be clear to all that this Sunday's election, with  opposition leaders in prison or in exile, is a sham.   I urge all of you to support the RENACER Act, which among other  things would apply targeted sanctions to advance democracy, coordinate  with our diplomatic partners to implement a sanctions strategy and  commit the United States further in support of an independent news  media in Nicaragua.   All who oppose the Ortega regime in Nicaragua--be they from the  Democratic Left or the Political Right--stand united against tyranny.   Likewise, we too are unified, Republicans and Democrats, in opposing  Ortega's tyranny. I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan  RENACER Act, and stand with the people of Nicaragua.    Mr. Speaker, I  rise in strong support for the RENACER Act, S. 1064, which seeks  to hold the regime of Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua accountable for  its ongoing violations of human rights and subversion of the rule  of law and democracy in that country. . . . Likewise, we too are  unified, Republicans And Democrats, in opposing Ortega's tyranny.  I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan RENACER Act, and  stand with the people of Nicaragua. 