 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, later on this evening, it is my hope that  we will be moving forward on the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act,  which many of us are still calling the Endless Frontier Act. I will be  voting to support final passage. This landmark bill has prompted  considerable debate.   This legislation is about maintaining America's edge in research and  technology. That is a top priority for my party, and it is a top  priority for the Democratic Party in this Chamber. And it ought to  prompt a spirited discussion. And it has prompted such a discussion.  How many bills has this been said about?   The bill is not perfect. There are elements that I could do without,  and there are parts that I wish were included. But on the whole, this  is a necessary step to keep our Nation competitive. This bill puts  forth a bold vision for scientific research across multiple Federal  Agencies and authorizes a historic down payment on the priorities that  can keep America at the forefront of innovation. This bill is a huge  boost for American R&D. It authorizes substantial R&D investments  through the Department of Energy, the Department of Commerce, NASA,  and, of course, the National Science Foundation, which is the gold  standard for basic research.   In addition to a new NSF Directorate, it will speed up the  translation of R&D into practical applications and help tech innovators  through the creation of technology hubs around the country and expanded  manufacturing programs.   Our adversaries are well aware that America leads the world in  innovation. Instead of trying to outinnovate the United States, some of  our adversaries are choosing to steal what we create. The Chinese  Communist Party is, bar none, the world's worst offender when it comes  to research and intellectual property theft, making today's legislation  especially urgent.   This legislation takes steps to improve research security at the  National Science Foundation. Although the introduced bill did not  contain adequate provisions in this area, I worked with Senator  Cantwell, the chair of the Commerce Committee, to craft a package of  reforms to safeguard taxpayer-funded research and intellectual  property.   Our approach will ensure that the research community understands and  complies with security policy and that grant applicants go through  appropriate risk assessments. The research security title establishes a  new research security office at the NSF to centralize the process of  developing these security requirements and assessing potential risks.  The office is empowered to pull in the intelligence and law enforcement  Agencies to assist in targeted risk assessments.   We also establish a clearing-house for the research community to  share information about security threats. Importantly, the research  security title also includes a ban on Federal employees participating  in foreign talent programs and a strict provision on tax-funded awards  going to researchers who participate in talent programs run by our  greatest adversaries. These initiatives and many others constitute a  new and bold research security program at the National Science  Foundation.   This bill also represents a huge step forward for geographical  diversity in R&D. Currently, half of all Federal R&D funds go to just  six States and the District of Columbia.   Closing that divide has been a priority of mine since my first days  in the House of Representatives. Today's legislation will boost R&D at  emerging institutions so that no region goes unutilized in our efforts  to compete with China.   I regret that this bill was put through with a rushed process. Our  initial markup in committee was scheduled just 1 day after the bill was  dropped. That markup got postponed. Two weeks later, we had a day-long  markup where we dealt with more than 250 committee amendments. After  incorporating over 100 of those amendments, the bill passed by a vote  of 24 to 4.    Let me repeat that. The bill passed the Commerce Committee by a vote  of 24 yeses and only 24 noes.   A few days later, the bill reached the Senate floor, where more than  500 amendments have been filed. Clearly, there is a desire to legislate  in this body and on this legislation given sufficient time and  opportunity.   This bill should put to rest--to rest--any discussion of changing the  filibuster. The Senate is perfectly capable of functioning if the  majority allows it to function. And it has done so this week and in the  days last week when we were considering this legislation.   I would add that it would be wrong and unnecessary for this bill to  be funded through reconciliation. Passing this consensus legislation  through a partisan process would send exactly the wrong message to our  adversaries. And we are getting it done under regular order. It may not  be pretty. It may not be the most efficient thing ever devised by the  mind of man, but we are getting this done under current rules. Everyone  has been heard, and it will be passed under regular order, I think with  a very nice vote.  [[Page S3861]]    I wish to congratulate the two authors of this legislation, Senator  Schumer and Senator Todd Young, for their success in this bill. I  especially appreciate Senator Young's commitment to improving our  competitiveness and his leadership in moving this bill forward.   I also want to thank the chair of the Commerce Committee, Maria  Cantwell, for helping shepherd this bill through the oftentimes  challenging floor, for her patience and her skill in helping to lead us  through the amendment process.   And, then, how could we end debate or approach the end of  consideration of this legislation without thanking our staffs for the  countless hours on both sides of the aisle, for the people who worked  so hard on this bill and the amendments? The excellent, knowledgeable  way in which they have approached this legislation would be amazing to  the American public if they could look into the process and see how  hard these public servants work.   I want to particularly thank the outstanding contributions of my  staff director, John Keast. But also he would want me to make a  particular point of congratulating policy director James Mazol and my  deputy policy director Cheri Pascoe--neither of whom has slept very  much recently. They have done exceptional work.   I know Senator Cantwell feels the same about the great public  servants on her staff, on her side of the aisle. They have done this at  great personal sacrifice from their families and from themselves. And I  know we are all well-served by our staffs, and I am most thankful for  mine.   But I am also thankful for the legislative process, for the fact that  on this issue, increasing secure R&D to combat our adversaries,  particularly those in Communist China--I want to thank the Members of  this Senate on both sides of the issue and on both sides of the aisle  for the great way in which this Senate has conducted regular order.   I will be voting yes. I think a sizable majority of the Senate will  be voting yes. And we will be doing good by our constituents and by  future generations in doing so. Thank you.   And I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it is my pleasure to ask unanimous consent  that Flannery Egner, an intern with the Committee on Commerce, Science,  and Transportation minority staff, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the 117th Congress.   