 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National  Police Week.   Each May, our Nation comes together to recognize the service and  profound commitment of our police officers, to honor those who have  made the ultimate sacrifice, and to recommit ourselves to the ideals  and laws of our Nation that these fine men and women in uniform are  tasked to uphold.   But the dedication and sacrifices of our brave officers deserves to  be respected and honored, not just in one week out of the year, but  every single day, both in this Chamber and across our country.   Time and time again, officers across our Nation are met with the  greatest threats of danger, and they face them with the greatest  displays of courage, honor, and dignity.   Mr. Speaker, my great-uncle, Philip Fitzpatrick, was a proud  patrolman with the NYPD. He was also a poet, often writing about the  world he knew as--what he referred to--a soldier of peace.   As I have taken time to reflect during this police week, I found  myself thinking of him and a line from one of his poems: ``When he  kisses his wife and children good-bye, there's a chance he will see  them no more.''   Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, these words were true for my family and  for so many families in our Nation.   This month marks 74 years since my great-uncle Phil was shot while  attempting to disarm a robber at a Manhattan bar, a fatal injury he  succumbed to days later.   While the times have changed, the dangers faced by our law  enforcement community remain present every time they go to work.   Bucks County and my community is home to some of the finest law  enforcement officers in our great Nation. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, we have  lost too many.   I would like to take a moment to honor our valiant fallen officers:  Police Officer James K. Armstrong; Deputy Sheriff Thomas A. Bateman;  Ranger Thomas Booz; Ranger Stanley E. Flynn; Police Officer Brian S.  Gregg; Police Officer Joseph E. Hanusey, III; Detective Christopher C.  Jones; Constable Henry A. Kolbe; Sheriff Abraham Kulp; Police Chief Eli  M. Myers; Police Sergeant George M. Stuckey; Deputy Sheriff George M.  Warta, Jr.; and Police Officer Robert Yezzi.   Mr. Speaker, these 13 individuals laid their lives on the line to  protect our community, the community that I grew up in, the community  that I love, and they paid the ultimate price. We will never forget  them and their extraordinary service to our community. We owe them and  their families and all of the honorable police officers and public  servants who have given their lives in the line of duty a debt of  gratitude and appreciation, one that can only be paid back through our  love and support for them here on this floor and across our Nation.   Our Nation, indeed, our world, is in the midst of unprecedented  times. Now, more than ever, our courageous and honorable law  enforcement officers need our support. I encourage everyone to take a  minute this week to thank a police officer and reflect on the  sacrifices so many of them have made.   To our hero law enforcement officers in every town, in every city,  and in every State across America: We thank you, we are grateful for  you, and we love you.   