 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I note that the gentleman from Massachusetts just  referred to the possibility of the Vice President of the United States  going to the border for a photo op.   Well, if she can find the border on a map and actually use her  taxpayer-funded airplane, go to Andrews Air Force Base, fly to the  great State of Texas, fly directly to the border at the Rio Grande and  actually find the time in her duty as the Vice President of the United  States to give a whit about the people of Texas, then maybe she could  actually have a photo op.   Perhaps the people of this country and the State of Texas, which I  represent, would like more than a photo op. Perhaps we would like a  Vice President who actually cared about the people of Texas, who  actually cared about the ranchers.   As I see my colleagues on the other side of the aisle muttering under  their breath right now, how dare I speak up about the people of Texas  who want to be protected? How dare I stand up about the ranchers whose  fences are being torn down?   The narcotics flying up I-35, running through Boerne, Texas, running  through San Antonio. The nine immigrants found in a car being driven by  [[Page H2721]]  an American citizen, being paid by the Cartel Del Noreste of Los Zetas  out of Nuevo Laredo; the two that were bound in a trunk. The boy that  paid $4,000 to pick grapes but was being sent to a stash house in  Houston, Texas, to be put into the slave trade; and little girls to be  put into the sex trade.   The 7-year-old girl who I talked to on the border at the Rio Grande  at 1 o'clock in the morning, when I don't know where my colleagues  were, but I can tell you that my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle were not with me. They were not down on the Rio Grande River.  They were not talking to that 7-year-old girl who had a phone number  written on her arm, or talking to any of the others who were being  potentially abused, as many NGOs and nonprofits estimate up to 25 to 30  percent of the women on this journey are abused by dangerous cartels.   It is not the Mexican Government that operates Tamaulipas or the  state across the Rio Grande. It is the dangerous cartels making tens of  millions of dollars moving human beings for profit.   That is what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle sell as  compassion?   Then I watch the Vice President of the United States go down to  another country to say, well, what could we possibly do to stem the  tide?   How about actually secure the border of the United States?   How about actually use Title 42 in the middle of a global pandemic to  make sure that we control the flow at the border?   How about actually have the infrastructure in place that we know  works?   How about a return to Mexico policy where we can work with our  friends in Mexico to stop the flow?    How about not putting a big neon sign on the border saying: ``Come on  in. Don't mind if the cartels abuse you on the way.''   Meanwhile, Texas takes the brunt of it: an 800 percent increase over  the last 4 years total in fentanyl; 800 percent more this year alone.   Do you know how dangerous fentanyl is, Madam Speaker?   We have had 7,500 pounds of fentanyl. 7,500 pounds that have been  acquired by border patrol. Imagine what they might acquire if they  weren't limited in resources. Imagine what they might acquire if they  weren't undertaking processing in McAllen instead of having wide open  spaces between our ports of entry. 7,500 pounds, an 800 percent  increase in Texas. My State is under siege. My State is taking it on  the chin because Democrats refuse to secure the border of the United  States.   It is the fundamental duty of a nation to secure its border. The  fundamental duty. I come back here after 3 weeks talking to ranchers  and people in my State who are getting abused, losing their ranches,  losing their homes, watching their kids die in overdoses, all while  migrants get put in stash houses and get abused running up through my  neighborhood and my communities.   Well, forgive me if I am not all that bothered by a resolution on  this floor by my colleague from Iowa. And I think it is a good idea to  try to call into question what the Vice President of the United States  is actually spending her time doing.   What on Earth is more important than securing the border of the  United States? And how hard is it to get on your taxpayer-funded plane  and fly to south Texas and go meet with the border patrol and meet with  the ranchers and meet with the migrants and meet with the business  owners who are getting killed?   It is happening every single day in our State. It is our duty in the  people's House to secure the border of this Nation. And I have  constituents and people back home in Texas asking: What are we getting  out of this deal? What are we getting out of our deal as being a part  of the Union when the country won't even secure the border of our State  and our communities? They are asking me that question.   We have a job to come together here on this floor in this body and do  our job to secure the border of the United States.   I commend the gentlewoman from Iowa for offering this resolution.   