 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 created a  special immigrant visa, or green card, program for Afghan nationals who  have worked for or on behalf of the United States Government for at  least a year and who have experienced a serious threat as a result of  this work. The program also provides green cards to the spouse and  children of the Afghan national.   To date, over 15,500 green cards have been issued to principal  applicants. Additionally, for each principal applicant, an average of  3.5 green cards have been issued to the spouse and children.   Section 221(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act requires an  alien seeking a U.S. green card to undergo a physical and mental exam  prior to the issuance of the green card. Any communicable diseases  found during the exam must be treated before the alien is allowed to  come to the U.S. This reasonable requirement helps to ensure that  aliens do not introduce communicable diseases into the U.S. population  once in the country.   H.R. 3385, the HOPE for Afghan SIVs Act of 2021, allows the  Secretaries of Homeland Security and State to waive the medical exam  requirement until after the Afghan SIV holder is admitted to the U.S.  Proponents of the bill believe that the waiver authority granted by the  bill will speed the pace of processing for some of the Afghan  population seeking green cards.   Timing is important because, earlier this year, President Biden  announced that American troops would withdraw from Afghanistan by  September 11, 2021. The Taliban continues to fight and take over  districts in Afghanistan. There is concern that the lives of the Afghan  nationals who work for the U.S. Government, and their families, are in  danger because the Taliban intends to kill them.   Many in Congress would like to see all 18,000-plus remaining Afghan  nationals and their families who are at some point in the SIV process  immediately brought to the U.S. However, there is no way to adequately  conduct the necessary background checks and to otherwise process that  many green card applications in such a short timeframe.   As sympathetic as we are to this population and this situation, we  should not abdicate our duty to thoroughly vet potential green card  recipients. H.R. 3385 is a measured response to the chaotic situation  surrounding the Afghan SIV program.   This bill is yet another piece of legislation that has skipped the  committee markup process this Congress. Had this bill gone through  regular order, we would have been able to discuss concerns and make  potential changes. That said, late last week, Judiciary Committee  Republicans worked with Mr. Crow and Mr. Wenstrup, as well as Chairman  Nadler, to address some concerns.   For instance, the sponsors agreed to reduce the 90-day window after  admission for the alien to complete the medical exam to 30 days. During  a global pandemic and outbreaks of other serious communicable diseases  in Afghanistan, the shorter time period is more prudent.   In addition, the introduced text contained no mechanism to help  ensure that the alien actually gets the medical exam. The bill sponsors  agreed to include such a mechanism. The suspension text makes clear  that a green card issued to the beneficiary of a medical exam waiver is  a conditional green card, which means the alien should not be able to  naturalize without having completed the requisite medical exam.   The bill's sponsors also agreed to add a requirement that the  administration report to Congress on the number of Afghan SIV holders  who do not comply with the medical exam requirement.   Even under the improved suspension text, U.S. taxpayers may bear the  cost of the medical exams and any requisite treatment for illnesses  discovered. Currently, the alien bears the cost of medical exams prior  to admission to the United States. However, once in the country, they  are entitled to public benefits, including Medicaid. That said, the  text we are considering today is a better alternative to the introduced  version.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the efforts of the bill sponsors and the  chairman to address these concerns, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Wenstrup).    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   