 Mr. President, our Nation is nearly $30  trillion in debt. That is $233,000 in debt for every American family.   The American people are already feeling the pressure of rising  inflation thanks to reckless government spending. And, make no mistake  about it, inflation is a tax, a tax that hurts our  [[Page S5815]]  families on low and fixed incomes the most.   I am hearing it from families across Florida who are worried. I heard  from a dad in Jacksonville with three kids who is helping to  temporarily take care of two other kids because their father is out of  work. As a result of having five kids in his home, he has started  working a second job to pay for all of the groceries that are rapidly  increasing in price. His second job is driving Uber, and that is less  and less profitable by the day because of the rising price of gas.   Over the weekend, the suspension on the Federal debt ceiling expired.  That leaves Congress with two choices: Continue this reckless, wasteful  spending with no accountability to the American people, or start making  the tough choices to put our Nation on a successful path.   I know we can make the right choices and start moving America in a  better direction. That is exactly what I did when I was Governor of  Florida. Our State was on a bad path. I had to make difficult choices,  but I paid down one-third of State debt, all while cutting taxes 100  times. It can be done.   Washington's choice to keep raising or suspending the debt ceiling is  like raising the limit on your credit card, month after month, with  absolutely no plan to pay it off. It is irresponsible, and it is no way  to operate. You would never run your business or family the way  Washington runs. It is wasteful and dysfunctional.   I came to Washington to rein in this exact type of dysfunction. We  have to get our debt and spending under control. We need to make  Washington work for families in Florida and all across the Nation. That  is why I am leading my colleagues in a proposed rule change that would  require every piece of legislation passed by a Senate committee to  include a report on how it will impact inflation.   It is very simple. When legislation, directly or indirectly, raises  the cost of living or raises taxes on American families, families  deserve to know.   Too many in Washington believe the lie that inflation is impossible,  debt doesn't matter, and spending has no consequences. That is why this  rule change is needed.   This rule change is to protect that father in Jacksonville who is  struggling to get by. It is to protect those living on fixed incomes,  low-income earners, and small businesses that can't absorb cost  increases.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Rules be  discharged from further consideration and that the Senate now proceed  to S. Res. 327. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon table.    Mr. President, while I am disappointed that my  colleague won't accept this measure, we do need to start doing  something about inflation, and we can do that today with the  infrastructure spending bill.   We can all get behind real infrastructure--like roads, bridges,  airports, and seaports--but we have to acknowledge that $1.2 trillion  is a massive amount of taxpayer dollars, and we have to know exactly  how this will impact families.   I have been told by supporters of this infrastructure bill that it  will not cause inflation. I will not support anything that increases  inflation on American families. I have an amendment to the  infrastructure package that will require the Congressional Budget  Office to certify that the spending in this bill will not increase  inflation on the American people.   If CBO does not certify that the spending authorized and appropriated  in the bill would not increase inflation, my amendment would prohibit  the funding from being obligated or spent, and the funds would instead  be transferred to the Treasury Department for deficit reduction.   I hope that everybody will get behind this amendment.   