 Mr. President, I want to talk about two topics today.  The first topic I want to address is the issue of immigration. My good  friend Senator Durbin is very articulate--he is almost an expert on  this issue--and I appreciate his comments. I want to just give you my  perspective on immigration because it is so important. Yet this is not  why I came down here today.   I love legal immigration. I think most Americans do. Louisianans love  legal immigration, and I say that with great confidence because, every  year, the American people invite over a million of our world's  neighbors to become American citizens in a legal manner. We are very  welcoming in this country. We invite more people to become citizens in  America than any other country in the world, and I am flattered that  people want to come here. I mean, other than someone living in North  Korea, when is the last time you heard of somebody trying to sneak into  China? People want to come to America, and I am so proud of that fact.   I don't believe in illegal immigration. Some of my colleagues--not  the Chair and Senator Durbin--think that vetting people at the border  is racist. I don't. I think it is prudent. Every country does it. We  respect the rule of law in this country, and illegal immigration is  illegal. Duh. I mean, if you don't like the immigration laws, one  should change them. In the meantime, we have to follow the law. I am  not real crazy about traffic cameras. I think, in many cases, they are  designed to just raise money, but I obey them, and when I get fined, I  pay the fine. It doesn't happen often now, but I do it.   Look, this country needs an immigration system that looks like  somebody designed it on purpose. It does. I think the American people  deserve that. I would love to work with Senator Durbin. I am not real  interested in nibbling around the edges. I am not real interested in  piecemealing. I am not real interested in some sort of widespread  amnesty. I think we ought to sit down. We all ought to take our meds  and sit down as adults and Senators in good faith, as all Senators are,  and try to tackle this problem in a global way.   I just wanted to make it clear--this is speaking for me, personally,  and I have learned a lot from listening to Senator Durbin as I always  do--I am a steadfast believer in legal immigration, but I adamantly  oppose illegal immigration. I think it is dangerous. I think it is  unfair, especially to those people across the world who have waited in  line patiently and followed the immigration laws of our country.    Mr. President, he had been reporting and trying to  predict--and had predicted with great accuracy--the weather in the  Baton Rouge metropolitan community for 45 years, but Pat's experience  covers a whole lot more than being a meteorologist, though he was one  of the best I have ever seen in that regard.   During his nearly half century of reporting the weather, Pat not only  covered more than 500 storms and hurricanes but he also hosted ``We  Play Baton Rouge,'' a local game show; ``The 5th Quarter,'' a sports  show; and ``Hotline After Dark,'' a local talk show, where his guests-- and I am going to quote here--``ran the gamut from champion  bodybuilders, to beer brewers, to duck callers.'' We are a very diverse  people in Louisiana.   Pat has a warm heart, and he cares for the State and the Baton Rouge  [[Page S220]]  community, and that has been on display for a lot of years. I am not  telling my people back home anything they don't already know.   Pat is especially well known for being chairman of WBRZ--WBRZ,  channel 2 in Baton Rouge, our prominent local station, where Pat has  worked for so long.   Pat has worked hard as chairman of that station's Pat's Coats for  Kids--Pat's Coats for Kids. This program has--unfortunately, we have  children in America and in Louisiana who are hungry and cold. You can't  learn when you are hungry; you can't learn when you are cold.   Pat has delivered hundreds of thousands--could be in the millions for  all I know--of coats to kids whose parents can't afford to keep them  warm in the winter.   He has also created the Fill a Prescription for the Needy project,  and he started Baton Rouge's St. Patrick's Day parade--the Wearin' of  the Green, it is called--which he continues to coordinate every single  year.   Pat's final broadcast took place on Friday night, as I mentioned,  January 29. That does not--I can assure you, knowing Pat Shingleton,  that does not mark the end of his service to the people in Baton Rouge.  I can say that with great confidence.   I predict that Pat will continue to contribute as a community  advocate and as a spokesperson at WBRZ. I predict he will continue to  champion all of the charity projects that he spearheaded for so many  years.   Now, when asked about his retirement, Pat said, and I am going to  quote, ``I think we're all given a whole bunch of heartbeats.''   ``We're all given a whole bunch of heartbeats,'' Pat said, ``and God  gives us these heartbeats to do something good.''   What an eloquent way of putting it. Pat has used his heartbeats  pretty well, in my judgment. He has a lot more to go, but he has done  it for the good of our State, for the good of the Baton Rouge  metropolitan community, and he has done it in the newsroom, and he has  done it outside the newsroom.   Pat says he is going to spend the extra time with his family--good  for him; he has earned it--especially his 1-year-old grandchild.   Look, we are going to miss his guiding hand through Louisiana's  irreverent weather patterns. We may have to draft him back on a few  occasions, but I want to wish him a joyful retirement to soak in all  the perks of being a grandfather.   Pat, thank you. Thank you for your hard work for the people of Baton  Rouge. Thank you for giving so much to the people of Louisiana for all  these 45 years.   You are a good person, and you are a fine American. God bless you and  your family.   I yield the floor.   