 Mr. President, after weeks like this, I find it  hard to explain to Floridians back home how Congress is actually  working on behalf of their families.   I think it is safe to say that every Member of the Senate believes we  should be investing in infrastructure. For me, it is pretty simple. I  believe we should invest in real infrastructure: roads, bridges,  airports, and seaports.   As Governor of Florida, I did just that. Over my 8 years as Governor,  Florida invested $85 billion in real infrastructure across our State,  and we did it while cutting taxes and fees 100 times and paying off a  third of our State debt. In other words, we paid for these big  investments in infrastructure by growing our economy and supporting job  creation. That is what is important to Floridians, and I am immensely  proud of our accomplishments.   So I support doing the exact same thing at the Federal level. But  what we are doing here just doesn't make any sense. Nowhere in the  world does business happen like it does here in the U.S. Congress.   We started this week with ongoing negotiations about a big  infrastructure deal. Of course, outside of the small group involved in  these negotiations, no one here had any clue what was actually being  debated. We had no text; we had no real information on how much was  being spent; and we certainly had no idea how this was all supposed to  be paid for.   Then, on Wednesday, we got the big news: A deal had been reached.  Well, that might be great, but we still had no real details. We still  don't have the text of the bill.   Now the majority leader expects us to start voting on amendments, and  maybe even this whole package, this weekend. This is insanity. Nowhere  in the world would this be the process. We are expected to make a  decision on spending $1.2 trillion of American taxpayer dollars, and no  one in the U.S. Senate has had the chance to even read the bill.   Typically, the Congressional Budget Office would score a bill like  this before the Senate considers it. That score gives us important  information about the true cost and financial impact of the legislation  on the Federal Government and the American people. Of course, that is  not the case with this bill. The CBO hasn't had the chance to review it  at all.   Do you think any company would sign off on a massive expense without  all the details? Would a family make a huge purchase without knowing  exactly what it is for? Of course not. But that is how things work here  in Congress, and that is not right.   This is exactly why I ran for the U.S. Senate, to make Washington  work for Florida families and stop this madness of reckless spending  and backroom deals that don't deliver and aren't paid for.   Speaking of pay-fors, well, they just don't exist in this bill. This  is how backward and awful Washington is. People up here think they can  just make big, empty promises and sell it to the American people. They  think families will just buy whatever they are selling, no questions  asked.   Nope. It is time for some accountability. My friend from Indiana,  Senator Braun, recently did a great job of laying out the claims and  facts of the so-called pay-fors in this bill, so I am going to borrow  from him a bit to show what is really going on here. Here are just a  few of the most ridiculous examples.   First, half of this bill is supposedly paid for with $550 billion  from the highway trust fund. That fund is $100 billion in the red. The  money isn't there. So that is not real.   The bill also proposes using billions of repurposed COVID relief  funding. I am all for repurposing this money, but we borrowed it to  begin with, so this is robbing Peter to pay Paul. It is not like it is  free money.   They also want to use $49 billion in savings for delaying a Medicare  Part D rebate rule and another $9 million paid for another year of  mandatory sequester. Why would we cut Medicare to pay for roads?   The 4.6 million seniors in Florida deserve better. Any savings in the  Medicare Program should stay in the Medicare Program. Let's all  remember, the Medicare trust fund is actually heading toward  bankruptcy.   And, of course, there are a handful of other fee increases thrown in  there with lofty and unrealistic revenue estimates that they will claim  will get us fully paying for this $1.2 trillion package.   What they won't say is that these fees will almost certainly increase  the costs of everyday goods and make it more expensive to get a  mortgage and afford a home.   There is no shame in Washington; just greed. Everyone wants so badly  to say that they have given you something, but they always forget to  mention the cost and that you actually  [[Page S5206]]  have to pay for it. The cost is important.   I have said it a million times, and I will say it again: Reckless  government spending causes higher inflation. It is a proven fact. And  we are seeing the consequences of reckless spending across America  right now.   Eighty-seven percent--eighty-seven percent--of Americans are worried  about inflation. Low- and fixed-income families are having to cut back  on purchases because of rising costs. I am hearing it from families  across Florida who are worried.   A father of three in Jacksonville is temporarily helping take care of  two other kids because their father is out of work. He has started  working a second job driving Uber just to pay for groceries that are  rapidly increasing in price. Now his Uber job is becoming less and less  profitable because of the rising price of gas. Gas is up over 50  percent in 1 year.   A mother of four in Wauchula said that she used to be able to go to  the grocery store and spend a certain amount for an entire month's  groceries. Now she can't. Two hundred dollars in meat is no longer  enough to feed her family of five. She has been forced to choose  between gas to get to work and groceries for her family and is picking  up extra jobs just to make ends meet.   I can relate to this. I grew up in a poor family. My mom would take  in ironing for extra money. She would give either my older brother or  me the exact change to go to the grocery store, but she said: You have  to check the price of everything because things are going up in price,  and if we don't have enough money, you cannot buy it.   A restaurant owner in Tampa told me that the cost of meat has gone up  from $9 a pound to $18. Gas prices and food prices, coupled with the  struggle to find workers, have been very hard on his business.   Another family in Kissimmee told me how hard it is to keep food on  the table because everything is so expensive. They are having trouble  keeping their car because of the cost of maintenance and gas, but if he  doesn't have a car, he wouldn't have a way to get to work to take care  of his family.   The price of gas affects nearly everyone. Right now, average gas  prices are up nearly a dollar since last year. For a family who fills  up their gas tank once a week, if they drive a car, that means Joe  Biden raised their expenses $600 a year. If they drive a truck, Joe  Biden raised their expenses by $1,000 a year.   So next time you hear a big promise, remember these stories. These  are real people bearing the real cost of the Democrats' reckless  spending in Washington.   Biden and the Democrats say they care about people, but they have  done absolutely nothing to help families struggle to keep up with  inflation. Their plan is to spend more money, not less.   We have nearly $30 trillion in debt, and there are no plans to slow  down. And that is exactly what we are seeing in this bill. We can't  forget that this is just the start. Chuck Schumer said it on the floor  yesterday. This is just part one and leads to Biden's and the  Democrats' $5.5 trillion tax-and-spending spree on their liberal  priorities. These two bills are together. They are welded together.  There is no separating them.   Right now, the message that President Biden and Democrats here in  Washington are sending to the American people is clear: They don't care  about inflation. They don't care that their reckless spending is  causing prices to skyrocket. If that is the cost of getting their  liberal wish list, so be it. They aren't focused on inflation or  spending, just on more government dependency and control.   Just look at what is happening this week with new COVID mask and  vaccine mandates. I had COVID, and I got the vaccine. I think people  should get vaccinated. But that is not what this is about. It is not  about taking a measured approach and following the science and telling  exactly how they came to the conclusion. It is about creating fear and  chaos to grab power and control you.   I am here to say that enough is enough. It is time to wake up to  reality. It is time for every fiscally responsible Member of the Senate  to join me to say we don't accept the status quo. We won't watch in  silence while the futures of our children and our grandchildren are  mortgaged and this Nation is driven deeper in debt with reckless and  wasteful spending. We won't stand by while inflation wreaks havoc on  our families and businesses. We can get spending under control, but we  have to start accepting responsibility, and the time to do that is now.  This isn't political. It is good government, and it is common sense.   I yield the floor.   