 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 473, I call up  the bill (H.R. 256) to repeal the Authorization for Use of Military  Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H.R. 256.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 256. Let me start off  by thanking my very good friend and partner, Barbara Lee, the author of  this bill. I am proud to stand with her in her unyielding quest to  repeal the 2002 AUMF, and I congratulate her early on for working so  hard for over 20 years to get this done.   Nineteen years ago, as a junior Member of Congress, I faced one of  the most consequential decisions of my career as an elected official  with the United States Congress. The drumbeats of war were  reverberating throughout Capitol Hill as the Bush administration  prepared to invade Iraq. After carefully considering all the evidence  before us, including unanswered questions about post-Saddam Iraq, I  cast my vote against authorizing military force against the Hussein  regime.   But our vote this morning to repeal the 2002 AUMF is not about  relitigating our past. Rather, repealing this outdated authorization is  about planning strategically for our future. It is about Congress  reclaiming its constitutional obligation to weigh in on matters of war  and peace.   On substance, the case for repealing the 2002 AUMF is unassailable.  The 2002 AUMF would have no effect on any ongoing military operations  in Iraq. The United States is not relying on the 2002 AUMF as the sole  authority for any military operations. It has been used as an  additional legal justification for strikes by Presidents from both  parties but not as the sole authority for any strikes over the last  decade. The Biden administration, in an unprecedented move, has  announced support for the legislation we are moving today.   Repeal is crucial because the executive branch has a history of  stretching the 2002 AUMF's legal authority. It has already been used as  justification for military actions against entities that had nothing to  do with Saddam Hussein's Ba'athist dictatorship, simply because such  entities were operating in Iraq.   Given all of the countries active near Iraq today, including Turkey  and Russia, the 2002 AUMF is vulnerable to being abused.   I have heard from my friend, the ranking member, Mr. McCaul, as well  as other Members opposed to this legislation who expressed two  concerns: one on the process, about the need for further briefings and  conversations, and another on substance, about Iran-backed groups in  Iraq.   On procedure, we should dispel ourselves of the fiction that this is  a new issue. Congress has been debating what to do in a post-Saddam  Iraq for 18 years, and our status of forces agreement expired in 2011.  This has been a frontline issue for nearly two decades, and the House  Foreign Affairs Committee moved this bill through regular order.   Regarding the concern about Iran-backed groups, let me once again  reiterate that the 2002 AUMF was about removing the Hussein regime in  Iraq. It had absolutely nothing to do with Iran. A decade and a half  before the 2002 AUMF was passed, Iran and Iraq were fighting each other  in a vicious war that lasted almost a decade.   If the President needs to strike these groups to defend our Nation,  our diplomatic personnel, or our Armed Forces, he can do so under  Article II of the Constitution. If any Armed Forces personnel on the  ground need to defend themselves, they have the inherent right under  unit self-defense principles.   Today, Congress has a historic opportunity to repeal this outdated  authorization and reassert its proper authority over the solemn matters  of war and peace.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this legislation, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), the sponsor of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 10  seconds.    Madam Speaker, I will just say really quickly: Before  Soleimani, we had passed a bill on the AUMF in 2019, so it wasn't in  response to President Trump. So this was attempted even before that.   I now yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Connolly),  head of the United States delegation to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly  and a member of our Foreign Affairs Committee.    Madam Speaker, I now yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Virginia (Ms. Spanberger), a member of our HFAC committee with  strong foreign affairs credentials.    Madam speaker, I now yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Jacobs), the vice chair of the subcommittee on  International Development, International Organizations, and Global  Corporate Social Impact.    I want to remind the gentleman that the 2014 strike  against ISIS, the primary AUMF, where it was utilized in the 2001 AUMF,  continues and still is in existence. Also, when you talk about  Soleimani, the primary utilization, still-President Trump talked about  Article II. So those still are in existence to protect the American  people and at the President's options.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts  (Ms. Clark), the assistant Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his service, and  I really respect him for what he  [[Page H2904]]  put on the line for our country. We will always do that.   But I will also say that those individuals who we did bring before  the committee, though they might be professors now, they either served  in the DOD or the White House, plus we had a classified briefing in the  auditorium with representatives from the Joint Chiefs. So we were  making sure that we had to get all of the information that we could in  regards to this issue.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota  (Ms. Omar), the vice chair of the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health  and Global Human Rights and the Subcommittee on International  Development, International Organizations, and Global Corporate Social  Impact.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez), the chair of the Small Business Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), our illustrious leader and Speaker of the  United States House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Waters), the chairwoman of the Committee on Financial  Services.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Green), a distinguished Member.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Eshoo).    Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor to recognize a gentleman  who I want to thank for his service, for he is a Marine combat veteran  who served in Iraq.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gallego).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jones), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my friend from Texas that  maybe we should do--if you think Iran is a threat--an AUMF for Iran.  This AUMF was for Iraq.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms.  Jayapal).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind my friend that this  2002 AUMF has not been utilized as the sole reason or the sole  authority in over 10 years. The 2001 AUMF is still in effect.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Brown), who is a colonel, retired, and we thank him for his service in  our military.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  South Carolina (Ms. Mace), and I thank the gentlewoman for her  bipartisan spirit in coming down to the floor today to speak on this  AUMF.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I  thank the gentleman from Texas for his hard work. As he has indicated,  it is a pleasure working with him on this committee and working  collectively and having open and honest dialog where we agree and where  we disagree. The manner in which we do that, I think, serves this body  in a very good way, and I look forward to continuing to work with him  in that regard.   Even though we see this a little differently, I will say right now  that I am  [[Page H2908]]  ready to work with the gentleman in repealing and replacing the 2001  AUMF. I think that is what we utilized as primary for the 2014 ISIS  issue in dealing with all of the terrorists and terrorism that is going  on. But the 2002 AUMF was specific to Iraq.   Our duty and our responsibility in what took place is over. There  comes a time when certain AUMFs simply become outdated and need to be  repealed. We are going to do two others. We have an AUMF still on the  books from 1957. We have another one that is on the books from 1991.  There is no need to repeal and replace. They are outdated. Once they  become outdated, let's just remove them from the books.   So let me again reiterate this: the repealing of the 2002 AUMF would  have no effect on any outgoing military operations in Iraq. In fact,  the only thing leaving the AUMF on the books does is risk inviting  future administrations to try to stretch its legal authority and bypass  Congress' constitutional obligation to make decisions on matters of war  and peace, thereby getting past and abdicating our responsibilities  under Article I authority and allow the executive to interpret the  AUMFs far beyond their intent.   So the repeal of the 2002 AUMF is only one in a series of steps that  Congress must take to reclaim its Article I authority, but it is,  indeed, an important step. Today's historic vote is a turning point to  quickly bring an end to this outdated AUMF. I understand from listening  to the Senate that the Senate's intention also is to quickly bring the  2002 AUMF repeal for a vote.   So I look forward to Congress no longer taking a backseat on some of  the most consequential decisions our Nation can make.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   