 Mr. President, I rise in support of the President's  nominees to serve on the U.S. Postal Service Board of Governors. I  would like to thank Senator Portman for working with me to swiftly  advance the nominations of Ron Stroman, Amber McReynolds, and Anton  Hajjar to fill the remaining vacancies on the Postal Service Board of  Governors.   Today, we are voting on the nominations of Mr. Stroman and Ms.  McReynolds, and I expect to take up Mr. Hajjar's nomination soon.   The Board of Governors is an independent, bipartisan body that  provides leadership, strategic vision, and oversight of the U.S. Postal  Service--one of the oldest and most trusted American institutions.   For nearly 250 years, the Postal Service has served communities all  across our Nation. Countless Americans rely on the Postal Service to  deliver critical medications and financial documents, to run their  small businesses, to cast their ballots, to stay connected with family,  and so much more.   But the Postal Service continues to face enormous challenges. From  longstanding financial constraints to the impacts of the ongoing  pandemic, the Postal Service has struggled to provide timely delivery  and plan for its future.   Our dedicated postal workers have shown time and again that they can  get the job done when they are given the right tools and measures. The  Board of Governors will be responsible for guiding the Postal Service  through its current challenges and working with Congress to ensure that  Americans can rely on the Postal Service to deliver their mail each and  every day.   Mr. Stroman, Ms. McReynolds, and Mr. Hajjar are each highly qualified  to serve as Governors. They are all accomplished leaders who bring  diverse experiences and backgrounds that are currently not represented  on the Board.   Most importantly, they each understand the public service mission of  the Postal Service and are committed to improving and preserving  reliable delivery service for Americans all across our country.   Ron Stroman is a lifelong public servant who served as Deputy  Postmaster General for nearly 10 years. He has a deep operational  knowledge of the Postal Service and an extensive record of working  across the aisle on postal issues.   Amber McReynolds is the chief executive of the nonpartisan, nonprofit  National Vote at Home Institute and a former senior local government  official for Denver, CO. She is a proven leader who drives innovation  and understands how the Postal Service impacts both State and local  governments.   Anton Hajjar is an accomplished lawyer who understands the unique  challenges faced by the Postal Service's large and diverse workforce.  He has worked extensively in labor-management relations, including  forging compromises between Postal Service workers and management. And  prior to his decades of legal experience, as a high school student he  spent a summer as a substitute letter carrier.   Each of these nominees will each bring a fresh perspective to the  Board, and I look forward to working with them to strengthen this vital  public service for years to come.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting each of these highly  qualified nominees to serve as Governors of the U.S. Postal Service.   I yield   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Iowa.   