 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership, and I want to thank the chairman and  the ranking member for their concerted efforts to get this legislation  and like-minded legislation moving forward; and, of course,  Jim  McGovern, he is the prime sponsor, and I am the prime Republican  cosponsor, I want to thank him for his leadership on this as well. It  is so very, very important.   Mr. Speaker, Mihrigul Tursun said she pleaded with God to end her  life as her Chinese jailers increased the electrical currents coursing  through her body.    Mihrigul, a Muslim Uyghur, whose escape from Xi Jinping's genocide  led her to the United States, actually broke down weeping at a November  28, 2018, congressional hearing co-chaired by Senator Marco Rubio and  I--as co-chairs of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China--as  she recounted her experience in one of China's infamous concentration  camps.   She testified, and I quote her in part, that ``there were around 60  people kept in a 430-square-foot cell, so at night, 10 to 15 women  would stand up while the rest of us would sleep on our sides.'' She  said, ``There were people there who had not taken a shower in over a  year.   ``I clearly remember the torture . . .'' she said, ``in the tiger  chair the second time I was incarcerated. I was taken to a special room  with an electric chair. It was the interrogation room, and it had one  light and one chair. There were belts and whips hanging on the wall. I  was placed in a high chair that clicked to lock my arms and legs in  place and tightened when they pressed the button.''   She goes on, ``My head was shaved beforehand for the maximum impact.  The authorities put a helmet-like thing on my head. Each time I was  electrocuted,'' she went on, ``my whole body would shake violently, and  I could feel the pain in my veins. I thought I would rather die than go  through this torture and begged them to kill me. They insulted me with  humiliating words and pressured me to admit my guilt.   ``The nights were the busiest time in the camps,'' she went on. ``A  lot of activities such as transferring people between cells and  removing the dead bodies would happen all night long. In the silence of  the night, we would hear the men from the other cells groaning in  agony. We could hear the beatings, the men screaming. . . .''   ``While burying my 4-month-old baby,'' she had had triplets, ``I was  tormented and filled with the guilt of not being able to save my son.''   She admonished us, pleaded with us, ``Please take action against the  Chinese officials responsible for my torture and the death of my little  boy and the death of so many innocent Uyghurs in the camps.''   Mr. Speaker, there are millions and millions of stories just like  this waiting to be told, truly nightmarish accounts of President Xi  Jinping's genocide.   In response, I, joined by my friend and colleague,  Tom Suozzi,  introduced  [[Page H7808]]  the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act of 2018.   But this bill, H.R. 1155, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act,  which, again, I cosponsored with Mr. McGovern, is important and  necessary to end or at least mitigate our complicity in Xi Jinping's  genocide.   Let's not forget the documents obtained by The New York Times which  made clear that this is Xi Jinping's genocide. He ordered it. And early  next year he will be hosting the Winter Olympics.   The leaked documents show Xi saying things like show ``absolutely no  mercy'' in dealing with the Uyghurs and other predominantly Muslim  minorities. In one speech he said: ``The weapons of the people's  democratic dictatorship must be wielded without any hesitation or  wavering.''   Mr. Speaker, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act prohibits imports  from Xinjiang to the U.S. by creating a rebuttable presumption. That is  the core of this bill, a presumption that all goods produced in the  region are made with forced labor unless U.S. Customs and Border  Protection certifies by clear and convincing evidence that goods were  not produced with forced labor. It is a good bill and deserves the  support of every Member of this body.   