 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Ohio for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8 as well as H.R.  1446.   There is not a single Member in this Chamber who does not mourn the  innocent lives lost to gun violence, but I solemnly believe that my  Democratic colleagues lack a fundamental understanding of this issue.   I have worked as a surgeon who has done pelvic trauma for close to 30  years. In fact, I will submit that I am the only Member of this Chamber  who has ever operated on a gunshot victim. The infinite majority of  gunshot victims are shot by criminals who have obtained their guns  illegally. They did not apply for permits. They are not a member of the  NRA. They are criminals. These bills would do nothing to keep the guns  out of their hands.    In all my years as a surgeon, I have yet to see a gun jump up by  itself and injure someone. It is either from a crime, a mental illness,  or tragically from an accident. Where I live in eastern North Carolina,  it is certainly different from New York City, the gun haven of Chicago,  or Oakland, but we still have our share of drug-related and gang- related crime.   On the other hand, we have a lot of wilderness that people back home,  adults and children, still enjoy hunting. These law-abiding citizens  should not have their rights trampled upon. We are all saddened by the  loss of life from mass shootings, but, Mr. Speaker, the issue is not  the gun itself, but the mental illness borne by the gun holder. A  mentally stable person does not shoot innocent people.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8 and H.R. 1446  absurdly hamper people's ability to exercise their constitutional right  to defend themselves. This sort of broad government overreach does not  save lives, but treats everyday law-abiding citizens like criminals.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on these bills. We  should not support bills that place the rights of violent criminals  above those law-abiding American citizens.   