 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to point out  the failures of the Biden administration's foreign policies, and  specifically President Biden's failures in addition to that of his  administration, because President Biden ran for President based on  basically two things: what he described as his competence and as his  foreign policy expertise.   He has failed miserably at both. It has been nearly a month since  President Biden withdrew from Afghanistan.   And what about the Taliban?   Well, right now, they are more powerful than ever. They have billions  and billions of dollars' worth of high-tech military equipment. It is  beyond their wildest dreams.   Where did they get their weapons?   Well, they got them from the United States of America.   As we hear on nightly news broadcasts, and as we know from what we  are hearing at home, there are hundreds of Americans still stranded  behind enemy lines. The administration doesn't want to admit a number,  but there are hundreds of Americans stranded behind enemy lines, if not  more.   The detrimental consequences for America are only beginning.   Our friends are furious. And our enemies? They are emboldened by what  has happened in Afghanistan.   Earlier this month, I visited with our NATO allies. Our allies are  enraged. And a host of foreign policy mistakes by President Biden, in  my opinion and in theirs, are irreversible.   Here are just a few examples:   Angela Merkel's designated successor in Germany called our  Afghanistan withdrawal ``the biggest debacle'' in the history of NATO.  [[Page S6733]]    President Biden didn't mind offending our Canadian allies when he  shut down the Keystone XL Pipeline. Months later, he gave Vladimir  Putin the green light to build the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline, and we just  heard Senator Cruz talking about that.   Remember, this pipeline is a geopolitical weapon that Putin is going  to use to hold our European allies hostage--hostage for money and  hostage for energy.   President Duda in Poland, he said recently the Nord Stream 2 giveaway  is ``grounds for reflection on relations with the United States.''   France was so offended with President Biden, at one point they  recalled their ambassador. Never happened in American history. Go back  all the way to the 1700s. France is a nuclear power. It is one of our  closest allies.   This is Presidential incompetence on an unprecedented scale. Our  allies see the incompetence. Our enemies not only see it, they can  smell it. China has said so publicly that Afghanistan shows Americans  cannot defend our allies anymore.   Now China is threatening Taiwan and building more than 200 missile  silos. Iran has accelerated its nuclear program. According to Israel,  Iran is only a few weeks away from having enough material to build a  nuclear weapon.   And on the 20th anniversary of September 11, 2001, American troops in  Iraq were attacked.   Russia is preparing to test a nuclear cruise missile near the Arctic  Circle.   North Korea is expanding uranium enrichment; and just days after  America withdrew from Afghanistan, North Korea tested two ballistic  missiles.   In every area and region of the world, our Nation--America's  interests are in retreat. Our enemies are on the march. America has  grown weaker under Joe Biden; our enemies have grown stronger under Joe  Biden.   Because of President Biden's incompetence, mismanagement, and  weakness, we are all, as citizens of this country, less safe.   When I think of the last 8 months, I am reminded of something that  former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said. And, remember, he was  Secretary of Defense under President Obama.   He said: ``Joe Biden has been wrong on nearly every major foreign  policy and national security issue of the past four decades.''   Forty years of being wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and  national security issue. At the time he said that, it had been four  decades. Now Joe Biden is President of the United States, and it is  five decades.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   