 Mr. President, yesterday, the majority leader teed up the  first procedural vote on an infrastructure bill that no one has seen  yet.   Our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been hard at work for  weeks negotiating in good faith to get a balanced agreement on an issue  that virtually everyone supports. Infrastructure is not a partisan  issue.   But at this time, we have no details about how this deal would  achieve our common goals. There is no bill text. We don't know what is  in and what is out, no information about how it will be paid for and no  score from the Congressional Budget Office to tell us whether the  proposed pay-fors are credible.   Now, we have been through an extraordinary pandemic, during which we  have done some pretty extraordinary things when it comes to spending at  the Federal level.   I think the closest equivalent to the pandemic is World War II. Of  course, this was a domestic war or battle against the virus, trying to  deal with the public health consequences and the economic consequences  as well.   I voted for trillions of dollars of Federal spending, something I  never thought I would do in the face of an emergency, a global  emergency.   But there is no emergency that exists for an infrastructure bill.  This is part of the bread and butter of what governments do at the  local level, the State level, and at the Federal level, and it is  simply irresponsible and reckless to borrow more money from future  generations and to throw gasoline on the fire that is already burning  when it comes to inflation in pursuit of a bill  [[Page S4959]]  that everybody will probably, ultimately, if given enough and  opportunity, will ultimately come up with a negotiated bipartisan  outcome.   I also am not going to vote to proceed to a bill that my  constituents, the 29 million people I represent--they don't know what  is in the bill either.   Well, all this doesn't sound like a recipe for success. These are the  types of things that typically would be ironed out before you bring a  bill to the floor. It is obvious this legislation is not ready for  prime time, not even close.   As I said, the specifics of the bill are still being negotiated by  our colleagues, of course, with the White House. We are days away from  having the opportunity to read a bill, let alone provide the  Congressional Budget Office the opportunity to calculate the cost.   Republicans and Democrats may disagree on a lot these days, but I  hope we could all agree that it is not wise to advance legislation  before you know what is in it.   That is why it is so baffling to me that the majority leader, the  Senator from New York, is forcing a vote on this bill before it is even  ready.   Of course, that raises a very significant question. Why in the world  would he do that? Why is he rushing through with the final stage of  what has been a productive bipartisan process?   The only logical conclusion I can come up with is he wants this bill  and this bipartisan effort to fail.   Why else would he push forward with a vote when he knows it is doomed  from the start?   I believe the Senator from New York wants this vote to fail because  he really wants to go the partisan route; namely, the big, ugly,  multitrillion dollar spending spree that Bernie Sanders and others have  been advocating.   He doesn't need Republican votes to do that, and he can implement  some of the most radical policies on the far left's wish list, things  like the Green New Deal, massive tax hikes, crippling new economic  regulations.   It is pretty obvious that has been the goal all along. Why else would  the President himself say, once he negotiated a bipartisan deal: Well,  I am not going to sign this bipartisan deal until we pass our partisan  wish list. There is now $3 trillion proposed. It is for the same reason  Nancy Pelosi said she is not going to let the bipartisan bill, even  were we to pass it, see the light of day until she knows that the $3  trillion tax-and-spending spree is successful, which will require all  50 Democratic Senators plus the Vice President.   It is just strange to me to see a designed-to-fail strategy, unless  it is for some political purpose.   So, Senator Schumer, if you are listening, please don't do it. Call  off the vote. Let the bipartisan group finish their work. Don't set up  a vote that will fail just because you want to appease the far left of  your party, because if the vote happens and we don't have bill text or  a cost estimate by the time it rolls around, it will necessarily fail.    Mr. President, for everything from emergency room visits  to mental health care, Medicaid funding is vital to the health of our  most  [[Page S4966]]  vulnerable citizens. More than 4 million of my constituents, including  half of all the children in the State, depend on the stability of the  State's Medicaid Program.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration has put the healthcare of  these individuals in jeopardy by rescinding a previous approval of  Texas's 1115 waiver extension. Basically, that waiver would allow the  State to manage the program in a way that maximizes the benefit and  save money where possible, mainly through managed care.   Now, those are some pretty bureaucratic terms, the 1115 waiver, but  here is the short of it: Texas stands to lose $11 billion to provide  healthcare for underserved patients as a result of this unilateral and  unjustified rescission by the Biden administration. All of this was  done for an unconstitutional purpose: to force Texas to accept the  Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion--something the Supreme Court  of the United States has said they cannot constitutionally force. Two  anonymous Federal officials, in a Washington Post story, reported as  much in a recent story.   I said earlier, when this happened to Texas, that if the  administration can do it to Texas, they can do it to anyone, any State  in this Chamber. My friend Senator Braun's home State of Indiana and  Senator Young's State of Indiana now is the latest victim, and I  appreciate their commitment to ending this game of political chicken.   These actions not only unjustifiably jeopardize the health of  millions of vulnerable people, they also erode the trust States have  when they negotiate with the Federal Government, where apparently a  deal is not a deal. States will never view their Federal partners as  working in good faith if these agreements are invalidated by a  successor administration.   If we don't stand up against these reckless actions now, which State  will be next? It may not be a Medicaid 1115 extension. It may be some  other policy by the Biden administration. But how far in this case will  this administration go to commandeer State resources in forcing a  Medicaid expansion?   I am proud to stand alongside of Senator Braun and Senator Young in  the fight to protect the healthcare of the most vulnerable Americans in  my State and across the country.   I yield to the junior Senator from Indiana. I beg your pardon, Mr.  President; maybe the senior Senator or--never mind.   