 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to finish my remarks, roughly 10 minutes.    Well, just when you think you have seen it all, Mr.  President, something new happens here in Washington, DC. All eyes are  now on DC's newest asylum seekers, the members of the Texas House of  Representatives, the Democratic Representatives.   But the only oppressive force that these men and women are facing is  the expectation that they would actually do their jobs in the Texas  Legislature, the job they campaigned for and were elected to do.   Following unsuccessful attempts to pass an election integrity bill  during the regular legislative session earlier this year, Governor  Abbott has now called a special session for the Texas Legislature to  consider that and other matters. That special session kicked off last  Thursday, but the chamber is already being held hostage by a minority  of house members who are unwilling to do their job. The Democrats  raised concerns about the current draft of the bill. Make no mistake.  That is why the legislative process actually exists. That is why it is  important that they be there and debate the issues and actually vote on  the bill. The purpose, of course, is for all sides to be able to  debate, potentially amend, and vote on legislation.    Yet, rather than do their jobs in Texas, yesterday, house Democrats  abandoned both our State and the millions of Texans whom they represent  and decamped to Washington, DC, when they were faced with the prospect  of defeat. For better or for worse, the legislative process is all  about arithmetic. You are not always going to win every debate you are  involved in. That doesn't mean you leave the State and refuse to do  your job, but that is exactly what they did. They got on two chartered  jets--maskless and with at least one case of light beer--to come to  Washington, DC.   The problem--and, really, what is so sad--is I don't think these  legislators realize the irony of the situation. They are using their  collective power as the minority party to stop a bill they oppose from  becoming law. While doing so, they have come to Washington to try to  convince the President and Senate Democrats to nuke the very Senate  rule that protects the rights of the minority--in other words, you  might say, a filibuster for me but not for thee. As a reminder, this is  the second time they have denied the legislature a quorum this year.   I think it is pretty obvious that this was nothing more than a  political stunt when these lawmakers skipped town with no plan as to  when they would return to their jobs in Texas. Frankly, the Governor,  under the Texas Constitution, can continue to call as many special  sessions as he wishes and without limitation. So we all know how this  will end. They will eventually go home. After the cameras leave and  after the press loses interest in this political stunt, they will go  home, and they will participate in the process.   It is telling that these Democrats in this house of representatives  chose to race toward TV cameras in Washington rather than present their  arguments in the legislature, and it is not without some risk to them.  I am advised that they were on Federal property and referred to a  website, which was actually a fundraising site, for their efforts. We  all know there are limits--in fact, strict limits--on any fundraising  on Federal property. So they may have crossed a line, unwittingly or  not.   This is simply an embarrassing dereliction of their duty and a  shameful political stunt, as I said. They can't win. So they are doing  the equivalent of ``I will take my ball and go home'' or, in this case,  ``I am simply running away.'' Texans standing up to a fight is part of  who we are, even if you know, in the end, you may not prevail. Instead,  they turned their backs, hopped on a private jet, and ran from this  fight.   Like our Democratic colleagues in Congress, Texas State lawmakers  have tried to create a false choice between voter access and election  security. I think it boils down to this: We should be making it easier  to vote and tougher to cheat, plain and simple. It is disingenuous and  downright false to claim any effort to prevent fraud is a veiled  attempt at voter suppression. We know that minority voters, voters of  color, voted at unprecedented levels in the 2020 election.   In my State, we had 66 percent of registered voters vote and the  highest levels in history of African-American and Hispanic voters--so  much for this idea that, somehow, the people who want to be able to  vote can't vote even though we ordinarily have 2 weeks of early voting  before the general election. We have mail-in ballots for people who are  disabled, who are over 65, or who cannot--or otherwise will not--be in  town on election day. Of course, we have election day voting as well.  In 2020, we had 11.3 million Texans who cast their ballots--as I said,  66 percent of registered voters. The last time I was on the ballot, in  2014, we had 4.8 million voters--4.8 to 11.3 in 6 years alone. So  believe me--there is robust voter participation, and nothing the Texas  Legislature is considering will deny people their legitimate right to  vote and ability to cast their votes, and that is appropriate that they  should do so.   There are other additional items in the Governor's call for this  special session, including things like bail reform and family violence  prevention. Of course, by fleeing town and coming to Washington in this  political stunt, the Democratic house members are abdicating their  responsibility to deal with these other issues as well. It is not just  about election law reform; it is about these other issues like bail  reform and family violence prevention.   I believe firmly and am confident I am in the majority of my  constituents, of my 29 million constituents, that they actually expect  us, when we run for office and when we get elected, to show up for our  jobs and not take part in a highly orchestrated and ethically dubious  act of political theater.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   