 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my firm opposition to the  Protecting Our Democracy Act, otherwise known as PODA.   I don't have much time to get into a bunch of the provisions, but  there are many troubling provisions that the American people should be  fully aware of.   First, PODA empowers the GSA to provide highly sensitive information  intended only for the President-elect to the nonvictor if the GSA  administrator doesn't certify election results within 5 days. This  would result in an explicit conflict of interest, and there is no  reason for this political-based decision. It just simply doesn't make  any sense, Madam Speaker.   Secondarily, PODA directly targets President Trump--and I know our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle say it doesn't expressly go  after President Trump, but it does--over his refusal not to disclose  his tax records by requiring a Presidential candidate to submit their  income tax returns for the prior 10 years within 15 days of their  nomination.   Now, Madam Speaker, the whole purpose of looking at tax returns,  quite frankly, is to see if you are in violation of tax law. There is a  certain thing called a tax lien, and so if the IRS wants to yield a tax  lien against an individual, that is clear proof to the American people  that there is an issue with a nominee for the highest office in the  land not abiding by tax law in the United States.   This is completely politically motivated, specifically against  President Trump.  [[Page H7589]]    Last but not least, Madam Speaker, PODA massively expands FEC's  jurisdiction, thereby continuing the Democrats' ongoing trend of heavy- handed Federal involvement and intrusion into State rights.   I have heard on this floor, being down here for a few minutes, about  the desire for Congress to want to be able to have more leverage to  hold the executive accountable. One thing Congress should be doing is  stop actually yielding so much rulemaking and regulatory authority to  the alphabet soup of agencies and Congress actually doing that work  here, as opposed to creating a bill which is obviously targeted with  one President in mind and trying to create a new rubric here in  Congress.   Secondarily, and I think if we can look at some of the metrics  associated with where the United States is right now versus where the  United States was at the same time 4 years ago, it is without question  what a successful administration looks like, one that actually always  followed the law, was in constant standing with the law, as opposed to  an administration who issues mandates that are unconstitutional that  the Federal courts, as we speak, are undermining every single day.   This is a bad bill. I urge Members to vote ``no'' on this bill.    Madam Speaker, if you want to hold the executive  accountable, if we want to increase Congress' role in parity with the  executive there are far more things that we should be doing instead of  this bill. We should be voting ``no.''   