 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since the earliest days of COVID-19,  Washington Democrats have admitted they want to use the pandemic as the  pretext to permanently transform our country. They hope to use the  temporary crisis as a Trojan horse for permanent radical change. One of  their massive, ideological goals is a huge series of disruptive changes  to American families' childcare.   The story is like Democrats' long march toward socialized medicine:  take an intimate area of American life, pile on a maze of new mandates,  regulations, cost increases and subsidies, and push families out of the  driver's seat so Washington can run their lives.   Not too long ago, the Democrats' promise that ``if you liked your  healthcare plan, you could keep it'' was awarded the ``lie of the  year.''   Now they want a sequel: If you like your childcare, you can keep your  childcare.   Democrats want to sweep the first 5 years of children's lives into a  new set of top-down, one-size-fits-all, Washington-knows-best  regulations.   Their Big Government scheme would make childcare more expensive and  use taxpayer money to subsidize only some families--those who structure  their arrangements in ways that Democrats like. Other families would be  left to fend for themselves, now in an even more inflated market.   Their bill would give Democrats and bureaucrats massive new authority  they could use to shape curriculum and standards nationwide. If  providers don't play along, they could be left out in the cold.   The Biden administration wants to insert itself into the most  intimate family decisions and tell parents how to care for their  toddlers. The entire scheme violates the basic principle of family  fairness.   Speaker Pelosi suggested last week that she approves of one kind of  family structure: ``Parents earning and children learning.''   She said Democrats want government programs to ``liberat[e]''  families so that both parents work full time.   Well, there are lots of families like that model, but other families  prefer other models. Not everybody defines ``liberation'' the same way,  yet Washington Democrats want Big Government to bless certain family  arrangements and not others.   Has your family made a different set of sacrifices so a father or  mother can parent full time?   Sorry, Democrats want to redistribute money away from your family to  other households that may earn even more money.   Has your family built its whole life around a plan for a grandparent  to provide in-home care?   Too bad. Grandma or Grandpa would have to fill out paperwork and  apply for the bureaucrats' blessing or that family could be denied help  also.   Democrats could easily end up taxing working-class families with a  full-time parent in order to subsidize the arrangements of wealthier  two-income households. They are steamrolling over family fairness, over  families' choices and options, over the diversity of American families  and their aspirations.   By the way, Democrats appear to want to change the law in ways that  could force faith-based providers to put aside sincerely held religious  beliefs.   Just look at who would be administering all this. One key player  would be HHS Secretary Becerra--the partisan California lawyer who got  famous by suing Catholic nuns for being too Catholic and crisis  pregnancy centers for being pro-life--a hardcore culture warrior.   And this person is going to be the new national czar for early  childhood?   Another key figure would be Secretary Cardona. You may recall, a few  months back, Senate Republicans had to stop our Education Secretary  from diverting funding for civics education towards woke propaganda  that had been debunked by historians.   And this is the same Biden administration whose Attorney General just  wrote an entire memo singling out concerned parents who speak up at  their local school board meetings. Now they want to extend their  Federal control over babies and toddlers as well.   Finally--get this--this tangled new entitlement would be so mind- bogglingly expensive that Democrats can't even put a long-term dollar  amount on it. The estimate is that all this government meddling will  cost $400 billion over just the first several years. After that, nobody  really knows what the blank check will add up to.   Taxpayers are supposed to pony up a blank check for the privilege of  having less control over family choices. I think the American people  will take a pass.   