 Madam Speaker, I have a motion to refer  at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate my good  friend, Mr. Cole, yielding.   It is disappointing that House Democrats have completely dismissed  the first opportunity to work together in this new Congress to instill  voter confidence and protect the integrity of our election process.   The purpose of H. Res. 5 is to address many of the election  administration problems that occurred in 2020, something I have  encouraged the Committee on House Administration and this House to  address long before the 2020 general election.   The resolution would have required the Committee on House  Administration to report out a bill that contains five main provisions:   First, a provision to ensure this House's commitment to upholding the  U.S. Constitution by maintaining that it is States that have the  primary authority to conduct elections, not the Federal Government.   Second, it ensures ballot integrity for votes cast by mail.   Third, this provides a Federal baseline for signature verification.   Fourth, it includes measures to improve voter confidence and  certainty in our election results by counting ballots in a timely  manner.   And lastly, a provision to ensure proper oversight of Federal dollars  provided to States to help them administer elections through the Help  America Vote Act.   These issues are nonpartisan. They are problems both sides struggled  with in the 2020 election. As the committee with jurisdiction over  Federal elections, it is our responsibility to address them.   Arguably, the time to address these issues was before the 2020  election, but it is never too late to do the right thing.   In 2020, more than 65 million people voted by mail, more than ever  before. Just as we have baseline standards for administering in-person  elections, we should have them for mail-in voting. Baseline standards  for these ballots would help ensure every legal vote is counted.   There were many last-minute changes made during the 2020 cycle, in  the name of COVID-19, that chipped away at the integrity of our  election system, and it is important that we do not maintain this  pandemic-style voting in the long term.   The worst thing that can happen to our government is for the American  people to lose all confidence in our elections. There are bipartisan  steps we can take to help restore public confidence in our elections  and protect our Republic.   While it is disappointing that House Democrats have dismissed the  first opportunity in this new Congress to work together to protect the  integrity of our elections, I am hopeful that, working with Chairman  McGovern, Ranking Member Cole, and Chairperson Lofgren and others in  this arena, we can set politics aside to achieve this goal.   