 Mr. President, I echo the remarks presented by my friend and  colleague, the junior Senator from Florida. I agree wholeheartedly with  his analysis. I think it is unfortunate that we missed this opportunity  to enact meaningful change today, change that is backed up by science.   It was in January of this year that the Centers for Disease Control  ordered the mandatory use of masks on planes, trains, buses, and other  modes of public transit of every kind everywhere across this country.  If Americans failed to comply with this mandate, they risked being  fined or even criminally prosecuted.   Six months later, the coronavirus continues with the CDC refusing to  recognize its own research that the mandate is no longer defensible. It  is now June. The vaccine has been made available for months, COVID  cases are plummeting, and the country is anxious to return to the way  things once were. The CDC has even said that vaccinated Americans don't  have to wear masks and can get their lives back to normal.    More than 45 percent of Americans are now fully vaccinated. States  are lifting their restrictions, and in restaurants, stores, and  workplaces across the country, it is no longer required, mercifully, to  wear a mask. If Americans still want to wear one, they can make that  decision for themselves. They are free to do so. But the CDC's  requirement that vaccinated individuals--even vaccinated individuals--  [[Page S4716]]  must wear masks on all forms of public transit now blatantly  contradicts the Agency's own policies and the Agency's own scientific  research. It needlessly promotes fear and plays politics with the lives  of the American people, not to mention it has imposed absurd  expectations and serious consequences on children and families,  especially families with children trying to travel.   You see, after the January mandate, the CDC issued a corresponding  mandate that exempted only children over the age of 2, in keeping with  their original mask-wearing guidance, guidance that is among the most  stringent in the world and, I would add, the most unrealistic in the  world, when you consider that they require it up to and including  children as young as 2 years old.   So what have been some of the results of this guidance? Parents have  been kicked off and banned from flights if their small children refuse  to wear a mask. For parents of kids with disabilities and many parents  of especially small children, compliance has been nearly impossible.   We already know that children, especially young children, are  unlikely to contribute to the spread of the virus. What we do not know,  however, is what scientific studies, if any at all, the CDC happens to  be relying on in reaching this guidance--in reaching the conclusions  underlying this guidance.   In fact, several of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the Agency  with this very question more than 2 months ago, on April 22, 2021. And  now, more than 2 months later, we have yet to receive an answer. It is  a very simple question, and we have yet to receive any shred, any  semblance, any scintilla of an answer. I find that unacceptable.   If the CDC actually believes its own research, then it should act  like it. And if it believes in the vaccines, the very vaccines on which  we have spent billions of taxpayer dollars, then it should act  consistently and instill confidence in the American people, rather than  fear.   And with the vaccine now free and widely available, Americans should  be able to weigh the cost of the options before them and choose for  themselves whether to receive the vaccine, whether to wear a mask, or  whether to take their own precautions free of any mandates imposed by  their government.   But if the Federal Government is going to have a say in whether or  not there should be a mandate, it should be up to Congress, the sole  branch of the Federal Government empowered to enact law and, not  coincidentally, the branch elected by and held most accountable to the  people at most regular intervals. It should be up to this branch of  government, the legislative branch, to enact such a mandate.   To the extent that the CDC issued this mandate, it did so using  authority delegated to it from Congress. We, in Congress, did not pass  the mask mandate, and we do not have to defer to those bureaucrats who  did.   The science--the science shows that wearing masks should not be  Federal law, and we should act accordingly. We should, moreover, give  Americans some reason to want to be vaccinated. When there is light at  the end of the tunnel and when they can see there is some tangible,  immediate benefit to them getting vaccinated, they are more likely to  do it. If they can safely enter a place of mass transit without a mask,  if they choose to do so, many more people will choose to get vaccinated  if we give them that benefit or if we at least allow the operators of  those modes of transportation to allow people to do that.   We can assert our rightful authority and promote sound science and  common sense by supporting the bill introduced by my friend and  colleague, Senator Scott of Florida. We need this to pass. The American  people have suffered through a very, very long COVID winter. It is time  for them to be able to make their own choices. That is what we do best  as Americans because we believe in freedom.   We also believe that whenever the coercive power of government,  especially the coercive power of the Federal Government is exercised,  it must do so with the authority of Congress. We should never tacitly  acquiesce to the authority of overlords within a bureaucratic Agency  who are elected by no one and ultimately accountable only to  themselves.   We are in charge here. We make the law. We shouldn't blindly defer to  anyone, certainly not the CDC when the CDC ignores its own science.   