 Madam President, Madam President, my colleague Senator  Murkowski did a good job of explaining some of the economic  challenges--actually, the dramatic economic challenges--facing our  State: small businesses, families, workers by the thousands who are  really hurting right now because we lost the tourism season last year  due to the pandemic and are on the verge, possibly, of losing another  one, which could be devastating. That is the purpose of our  legislation, to focus on lifting the challenge and bringing relief so  that we can bring tourism back to Alaska. We are open for business.   You know, we have been able, in Alaska, to weather the health impacts  of this virus in a way that we are proud of in Alaska, with one of the  lowest death rates per capita--any death, of course, is horrible--but  one of the lowest death rates, one of the highest testing rates per  capita with regard to this vaccine, the highest vaccination rates per  capita, which is a minimiracle if you look at how big our State is. But  the economic impacts have been devastating, as Senator Murkowski laid  out. Our commercial fishing industry, our oil and gas industry, our  tourism industry--these sectors of the Alaska economy, which are  critical, have lost thousands of jobs.   So this bill, the Alaska Tourism Recovery Act, is something that is  very narrowly focused. It is very narrowly focused. It is to give our  State a fighting chance this summer with regard to our tourism sector.   Now, I very much appreciate Senator Blumenthal and Senator Lee, with  regard to their passion and focus on the issues that they have raised  tonight. Some of the safety regulations on cruise ships, the PVSA Act-- these are issues that they feel very passionate about, and I appreciate  that.   As they know, what we are trying to do here, Senator Murkowski and I,  is not tackle those issues so much as to tackle the issue directly  before Alaskans, and that is how to salvage a summer tourism season.   So despite what you have witnessed here on the Senate floor, I want  to say I appreciate their willingness to continue to work with us. The  clock is ticking, but we do have Senator Blumenthal's and Senator Lee's  strong commitments to work with us to resolve these issues--both the  ones that they care about and, certainly, the ones that matter to  Alaskans--very soon.   To our fellow Alaskans, my message is, don't give up right now. Here  on the Senate floor, despite what you have seen, there has actually  been momentum and movement, and I am confident we can get there, and  even with the CDC--even with the CDC.   Some of you might recall that I was here on the floor last week with  Senator Scott of Florida, trying to move our legislation relating to  the CDC's role here. We are starting to see progress with them. So we  are going to continue to fight and continue to try to move this.   Do not give up, Alaska, on our summer tourism. We haven't. To the  contrary, we have made progress. We are not there yet.   Finally, to our Canadian friends, we are going to continue to work  with all of you as well. You can be part of the solution to help  Alaska, to help Canada, in a cooperative spirit, as you are seeing here  on the Senate floor from all of you on a number of these issues. It  would be very much appreciated.   I anticipate and look forward to reaching out to my colleague and  [[Page S2346]]  friend, the Minister of Transportation, and others in the Canadian  Government to try to make sure we can get this spirit of cooperation  that will benefit both our State, our country, and your country.   With that, I yield the floor.   