 Mr. President, for 2\1/2\ months, the Republicans have  provided a clear and consistent roadmap for Democratic government to  raise the debt ceiling. Democrats have had  [[Page S6927]]  2\1/2\ months' notice to use the fast-track, party-line reconciliation  process, which they have already used happily this year and already  intend to use once again. But the Democrats who run Washington have  done nothing. They have squandered week after week after week. The  Senate has been voting on midlevel nominations. And 2\1/2\ months  later, our colleagues complain that time is running out to do their  job. They are frantically asking our side for shortcuts.   Now, in the past 2 days, I have had the surreal experience of  watching both the President of the United States and the Senate  majority leader be asked about the future of the U.S. economy. Their  respective responses were ``That's up to Mitch McConnell'' or ``Ask  Mitch McConnell.'' Well, what about the third Democratic leader, the  Speaker of the House? Well, she has headed to Europe--headed off to  Europe. I can only presume she hopes the full faith and credit of the  United States will get sorted out without her.   That is the level of leadership and accountability the country is  getting from the Washington Democrats who run the country. These are  the leadership skills of people who spent 2\1/2\ months doing nothing  and then complain they are short on time. That is the attitude that has  gotten Democrats a self-created inflation crisis, border crisis,  Afghanistan crisis, and free-falling favorability with the American  people.   Now, it is not clear whether the Democratic leaders have wasted 2\1/ 2\ months because they simply cannot govern or whether they are  intentionally playing Russian roulette with the economy to try to  bully--bully--their own Members into going back on their word and  wrecking the Senate. Either way, it is exactly the kind of recklessness  that has this unified Democratic government's public approval in total  free fall--free fall.   Even now, while the Democratic leader complains that he is short on  time, he continues to waste time with partisan stunts that are dead on  arrival. He has scheduled yet another vote this afternoon which he  knows will fail. The majority has known for 3 months that show votes  like this would go nowhere.   This year, Democrats requested and won new powers--new powers--to  repeatedly reuse the reconciliation process. In the past few days,  Democrats in both the House and Senate have publicly admitted their  party could handle--could handle--the debt limit that way. Our  colleagues have plenty of time to get it done before the earliest  projected deadline. There would be potential for time agreements to  wrap it up well before any danger. But the Democratic leaders haven't  wanted solutions; they have wanted to turn their failure into everybody  else's crisis. Playing risky games with our economy; using manufactured  drama to bully their own Members; indulging petty politics instead of  governing--their entire failed approach to governing in a nutshell, on  full display for the country to see.   