 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2547.   Let's just start off and call the bill what it is. It is another  attempt by Democrats to socialize our financial system.   Once again, under the guise of consumer support, Democrats are trying  to implement their long-held partisan priorities. That is what we have  seen a lot of in this Congress.   Democrats are trying to sell H.R. 2547 to the American people as a  necessary action to help families and small businesses hardest hit by  the economic impacts of COVID-19. It is not.   The truth is, this bill is just a redo of several partisan bills that  we had from last Congress, pre-COVID. If there was any question as to  whether or not Democrats viewed the pandemic as a ``tremendous  opportunity to restructure things to fit their vision,'' this bill  proves it.   This bill is more about catering to progressive lobbyists and  stakeholders who have long sought to tear down the pillars of our  credit markets and financial system.   First, it is clear that progressives want to eliminate a fundamental  part of our free market system, the belief that you should be paid for  services provided in a timely manner. The fact is, limiting the ability  of businesses and individuals to be repaid for their services already  provided will not benefit anyone. This is especially true for small  businesses that have been hardest hit, frankly, from the pandemic  shutdowns.   If enacted, this bill will also drive up the cost of credit for all  borrowers, especially low-income borrowers, as well as limit their  credit options.   There are commonsense ways to update and improve the process for  collecting payments and to modernize the credit reporting regimes. This  includes identifying ways to protect consumers and encourage them and  their service providers or lenders to work out repayment plans.   In fact, just last month, the entire House voted to support the  gentlewoman from Pennsylvania, Representative Dean's bill to ensure  that members of our military are not threatened with service-related  consequences as they work to repay debts owed. That makes sense. It was  a bipartisan bill with a great result.    But the further you dig into this bill, the more problematic it gets.  For example, this bill will actually make healthcare in this country  more expensive and will limit the medical services provided to those  who need it most. I don't think that is the intention, but that is, in  fact, the impact.   Making it more difficult for medical providers to seek payment for  their services does not make them free, does not make the system less  expensive. And excluding medical debt from an individual's credit  report is not a way to support consumers or our healthcare providers,  who have been, frankly, on the front lines of the COVID pandemic.   I have a bill that allows medical debt that results from nonelective  services to be protected, and ensures that if it is repaid, it is  eliminated from a consumer credit report's adverse actions.   I think that bill makes sense, right?   If people repay their medical debt, I think we should acknowledge  that on credit reports.   But if it's elective surgery or if it is perhaps something medically  of their own choosing, I think they should have to pay for that. And if  they don't pay for those services, it should be on their credit report.  I think these things make sense. I think there are ways we can ensure  we have accurate reporting.   Accurate reporting and full repayment allows the credit markets to  work smoothly and to accurately account for risk. This, in turn, allows  the financial system to continue to provide low-cost credit to those  who need it most.   Democrats also want to undermine the CFPB's work to finalize its debt  collection rule last fall. This rule was the result of more than 7  years of research, analysis, data collection; and it clarifies the  allowable uses of modern communication technology. I think it is a  proper update to these long-held consumer protection laws that we have  on the books.   This bill eliminates this positive step forward. This bill prohibits  debt collectors from using 21st century methods of communication to  reach consumers. That is insane. That is bad. That goes all against the  whole movement post-COVID or in the midst of COVID, that we digitize  our communication tools and enable people to do things more cheaply via  technology.   This bill includes stopping consumers from being contacted via email  or text message without explicit prior consent. Consumers should be  able to communicate about their payment options privately in the way  they prefer. This bill eliminates that choice. Restricting options like  that makes it more difficult to contact consumers. It doesn't help  anyone.   Perhaps the consumer doesn't know that they missed the payment, and  this bill would say you can't text them to let them know they missed  their payment. That is absurd. I don't think that is the bill author's  intent, but that is the impact in the real market.   Just to reiterate, limiting the ability of individuals and businesses  to seek repayment for services provided will undermine the ability to  underwrite and thereby increase the risk to the financial system.   If you can't price for risk, you are going to have more risk. If we  have more risk that is not appropriately priced, we will get bad  outcomes in the financial system. This ultimately makes extending  credit more expensive for all borrowers and may push the lowest income  borrowers out of the system entirely.   That is a bad result. That is not what we want. Either side of the  aisle, we don't want that. This bill has that harmful impact.   We all agree that consumers who owe a debt should be treated with  respect and dignity and not be subject to abusive or harassing  behavior. The law already upholds this. This bill is a Big  [[Page H2281]]  Government, anti-consumer, anti-small business solution in search of a  problem.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and the harmful impacts  herein.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Davidson), my friend and colleague.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I must say, for the Record, that I believe the bill's  sponsors are of sincere purpose here, but I am pointing out what I  think are the deficiencies that we could have worked through in a  bipartisan way if there was a goal to have a bipartisan outcome for  this bill.   So while I oppose the bill, it is not for a lack of ideas on this  side on how to improve it and actually how to come up with something  reasonable to help our people and update our technology and laws.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota  (Mr. Emmer), the ranking member of the Task Force on Financial  Technology.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Steil).   