 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5305. As chairman of the  Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies, I would like to highlight several  items in our jurisdiction.   The legislation includes $10 billion for agricultural disaster  assistance programs to cover events in 2020 and 2021. Farmers,  ranchers, and producers continue to face extreme climate events from  extensive droughts out West and unprecedented heat in the Pacific  Northwest to another year of massive wildfires in California and  hurricanes that continue to batter the Gulf and Eastern seaboard  States. Every region of our country is impacted.   The bill also includes $275 million for the Emergency Watershed  Protection Program to help communities address damages to  infrastructure caused by natural disasters that impair the watersheds.   Furthermore, it ensures that USDA can fully meet the demand for farm  ownership loans, especially for beginning and socially disadvantaged  farmers. It allows USDA to continue to provide loans to help expand  economic opportunities and create jobs in rural areas, and it provides  the authority and funding to allow the Food and Nutrition Service to  increase the amounts of fruits and vegetables in the WIC food package.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the committee staff of both the Appropriations  and Agriculture Committees. I also thank Chair DeLauro and the Members  for their dedicated work on the many hard issues addressed in the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that  programs meant to help America grow economically and recover from  natural disasters can continue to help people across this country.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Malinowski).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, our first duty is to the  American people and especially to those in need. With the Extending  Government Funding and Delivering Emergency Assistance Act, we are  supporting our Nation's working families, so many of whom are  struggling to get by.   By responding to the devastation of recent natural disasters, we can  help the target communities and help the survivors rebuild and restore  their lives, their livelihoods, and their homes.   We can also do what is right to help those who risk their lives to  serve our Nation in Afghanistan. By providing urgent humanitarian  assistance and resources to allow for the resettlement of Afghan  evacuees in the United States, we can honor our commitment to these  people and their families.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and pass this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   