 Madam Speaker, let's face facts. Let me  tell my Republican friends: We have a terrible hunger crisis going on  in this country right now. Fourteen million of our children are going  to bed hungry this night.   The American people are crying out: Congress, help us.   We have support of our measure from the American Farm Federation and  from Cargill, and we have support of our legislation from God Almighty  Himself.   What did He tell you and me?   He said: Feed the hungry and heal the sick.   America is hungry, America is sick, and America is calling on you  Republicans to love your people and take care of your people at this  critical time of need.   Madam Speaker, as the first African American Chairman of the House  Agriculture Committee, I am proud that the American Rescue Plan Act  provides support for all sectors of agricultural production, including  farmers, ranchers, and private forest land owners of color.   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) spends billions of dollars  annually in providing much needed support to American producers. Sadly,  Black farmers and other farmers of color have received a small share of  the USDA farm loans and payments as a result of discrimination. When  these producers did receive loans or payments, many of them were not  provided timely or proper loan servicing options due to discrimination,  which led to producers of color losing their land and operations.   Sections 1005 and 1006 of the American Rescue Plan Act provide  targeted and tailored support for these farmers and ranchers. I note  for the record that changes made to these sections in the Manager's  Amendment were to ensure that these sections would meet the  requirements of section 313 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 for  consideration in the United States Senate.   The systemic discrimination against Black farmers and other farmers  of color by USDA is longstanding and well-documented and continues to  present barriers for these producers to participate in the agricultural  economy. It is important that we document this history and the  continuing challenges for these farmers of color in the Congressional  Record.   A 1965 report by the United States Commission on Civil Rights found  that Federal, state, and local officials discriminated against Black  farmers in agricultural programs and that this discrimination actively  contributed to the decline in the Black ownership of farmland.   In 1968, a follow up report from the United States Commission on  Civil Rights found that Black farmers continued to face discrimination  when seeking farm loans and other forms of assistance.   In 1970, the United States Commission on Civil Rights again found  that discrimination continued in USDA program administration. The 1970  report indicated that prior to 1968, no Black farmer had ever been  elected to any former Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation  Service committee at the county level in the South. In 1970, two out of  more than 4,100 committee members in the South were Black farmers, even  though there were 58 counties in the South, where Black farmers  comprised a majority of the farm operator population.   In 1982, the United States Commission on Civil Rights issued another  report on the rapid decline of Black-operated farms. The report noted  that between 1970 and 1980, the Black farm population declined 65  percent, compared to a 22 percent decline in the white farm population.  The report also documented numerous discrimination complaints filed  against USDA field offices regarding the administration of farm loan  programs and noted that for many of these complaints, USDA's Office of  Equal Opportunity investigated and found equal opportunity violations  at those field offices. The report concluded that racial discrimination  was continuing within the USDA, at USDA headquarters, and in the  network of field offices that implement USDA programs.   In 1988, Congress passed section 617 of the Agricultural Credit Act  of 1987 requiring the USDA to establish annual target participation  rates, on a county-wide basis, that would ensure that members of  socially disadvantaged groups receive direct or guaranteed farm  ownership loans. Congress amended this requirement in 1996, to ensure  that USDA's implementation was consistent with the holding of the  Supreme Court in Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Federico Pena, Secretary  of Transportation, 515 U.S. 200 (1995), which held that race-based  actions by the government is within constitutional constraints when it  is necessary to further a compelling interest such as the ``unhappy  persistence of both the practice and lingering effects of racial  discrimination against minority groups.''   A 1995 U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found that  socially disadvantaged producers were significantly underrepresented on  the county and community committees of the former Agricultural  Stabilization  [[Page H766]]  and Conservation Service. Specifically, the report found that while  minority producers accounted for nearly 5 percent of the producers  eligible to vote for committee members, minority producers only  represented 2.1 percent of county committee members in the United  States.   In 1997, the USDA formed a Civil Rights Action Team to hold  nationwide listening sessions to hear from socially disadvantaged and  minority farmers. A report published after the listening sessions  documented Black, Hispanic, Asian-American, and American Indian farmers  who told stories of USDA hurting minority farmers more than helping  them. Minority farmers described how their discrimination complaints  were caught in the backlog of appeals or if successfully appealed, were  given findings of discrimination that were not enforced. The report  acknowledged that discrimination in USDA program delivery continued to  exist to a large degree unabated.   Also in 1997, the USDA Office of the Inspector General (OIG) issued a  report to the USDA Secretary that noted ``a climate of disorder within  the civil rights staff at [the Farm Service Agency].'' It was difficult  for the OIG to even determine the number and status of civil rights  complaints at the agency and department because of that climate. As the  OIG later summarized in a 2005 audit, ``it took 12 days longer to  complete minority applications, delinquencies were higher for minority  borrowers than nonminority borrowers, and minority borrowers were  reluctant to enter into FSA offices to apply for loans.''   In 1998, the USDA National Commission on Small Farms further  described and documented the longstanding discrimination of USDA  towards socially disadvantaged producers. And, it observed that  ``discrimination has been a contributing factor in the decline of Black  farmers over the last several decades.'' The Commission's report also  notes the ``history of under-allocation of resources to institutions  that have served minority farmers,'' the ``disgraceful'' ``failure to  elect minority farmers to positions on FSA County Committees,'' and  more.   During the period between 1997 and 2000, Black farmers, Native  American farmers, and Latinx farmers filed lawsuits alleging USDA  discriminated against them on the basis of race in processing their  farm program applications and that USDA failed to investigate their  complaints of discrimination. But settlements resulting from these  lawsuits have not provided the relief necessary for these farmers of  color to participate fully in the American agricultural economy.   For example, the Los Angeles Times reported in 2012 that payments  made to Black farmers under the Pigford settlements were significantly  eroded by state taxes, as well as tax debt related to forgiven USDA  farm loans.   In 2001, a report by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights documented  the continued discriminatory lending practices against minority  farmers. The Commission found that Black farmers waited four times  longer than white farmers for USDA farm loans. The Commission  recommended that USDA resolve the backlog of civil rights complaints  and document and alleviate discriminatory lending practices. However,  USDA continued to struggle with resolving its backlog of civil rights  complaints. In 2008, GAO reported that USDA's difficulties in resolving  discrimination complaints persisted and that the USDA had not achieved  its goal of preventing future backlogs of discrimination complaints.   Recent studies and reports continue to document the challenges and  barriers faced by farmers of color due to race or ethnic discrimination  or the legacy of such discrimination. A September 20, 2017, study in  the Agriculture and Human Values journal described the challenges faced  by Latinx farmers due to failure of agricultural agencies to engage in  appropriate outreach or account for language barriers.   In 2019, a GAO report observed that socially disadvantaged farmers  and ranchers had proportionately less agricultural credit than non- socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. This report found that  farmers and ranchers of color continued to face more difficulties in  obtaining farm loans and highlighted the historic, systemic  discrimination against such farmers.   The Market Facilitation Program and Coronavirus Food Assistance  Program are recent USDA programs designed to bolster the farm economy;  in both programs the majority of funds went to non-minority farmers.  For example, the Environmental Working Group reported that nonminority  farmers received nearly 97 percent of the $9.2 billion provided by the  USDA's Coronavirus Food Assistance Program. Additionally, the Farm Bill  Law Enterprise reported that 99 percent of Market Facilitation Payments  went to non-minority farmers.   The systemic discrimination of farmers, ranchers, and other producers  of color by the USDA is longstanding and well-documented. I urge my  colleagues to support me and the Committee on Agriculture as we work to  enable socially disadvantaged producers to succeed in the agricultural  economy. Sections 1005 and 1006 of the bill before the House today are  critical to that work, and I urge my colleagues to support this  measure.   