 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for bringing this bill forward. It  is very much needed.   I rise, Mr. Speaker, to support the COPS Counseling Act, which is now  one step away from reaching the President's desk, I hope.   I spent almost 40 years in law enforcement, including 12 as the  sheriff of Duval County, Florida. So I can tell you, I have seen,  firsthand, the challenges that some officers face in dealing with not  just acute stress for many years but the chronic stress over every day  that they go to work.   Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that law enforcement is a dangerous  profession. But these officers face potential life-threatening  situations every day they go to work, and that is the chronic stress  that really has a significant mental health impact upon these officers.  Every day, they put their lives in that breach in defense of our  communities.   In recent years, we have seen a rise in ambush killings of officers  and just overall assaults on officers, attacking them simply for the  uniform that they wear. In fact, by just the middle of this year, we  experienced as many shootings and killings of police officers as we did  for the entire year of 2020.   We also witness now the demoralization, the delegitimization, and the  defunding of police currently taking place around the U.S.   We have also watched law enforcement work through a deadly pandemic,  losing so many officers to COVID-19 over these last 2 years.   To make things more difficult, many officers struggle to ask for  help, even when they need it. Some officers feel traditional forms of  counseling cannot truly understand what they are going through. They  also might be concerned that seeking counseling could negatively impact  on their careers. It could be seen as a weakness.   That is why the COPS Counseling Act is so very important.   Again, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas. This provides the  opportunity for law enforcement officers to receive confidential and  peer-led support services.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is going to save lives. It is going to  save officers' lives, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes''  on the COPS Counseling Act to get this bill signed into law.   