 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  Arizona for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here tonight saddened because a little over a  year ago, I took to the House floor to pay tribute to a dear friend,  Peggy Daniel of west Tennessee, who had recently passed away.   Today, we honor the life of her son and my friend, Drew Daniel, who  left us way too soon. Drew passed away last week. He was a native of  west Tennessee, the son of my friends, Peggy and Jimmy Daniel.   Drew moved to Shelby County in the early 1990s for college, and he  received his bachelor's degree in political science from the University  of Memphis, where he then later achieved a master's degree in public  administration. Drew interned in the House of Representatives for then- Congressman Don Sundquist, who also was a close and dear friend of  Drew's parents.    Drew loved to volunteer for his community, and he was an active  member of the Boy Scouts of America, the Midtown Rotary Club, and  Memphis City Beautiful Commission.   Drew was also extremely active in the Shelby County Republican Party  and the Tennessee Republican Party. He had served as the Shelby County  Young Republican chair and was an elected member of the Tennessee State  executive committee of the Tennessee Republican Party. In 2019, Drew  was selected as a Tennessee Republican Party Statesman of the year.   Drew was also a longtime valued employee for David Lenoir in the  Shelby County Trustee's Office and then an agent for New York Life.   Without a doubt, Drew was a dedicated leader with a heart for public  service and also for volunteerism. I really don't know many people who  were more passionate about politics or their community than Drew  Daniel.   I have so many memories, seeing Drew and Peggy cheering on the  Memphis Tigers in the Liberty Bowl and the FedEx Forum. Truly, as good  of a person as Drew was, he was a great son to his parents and a  terrific brother to Mike and Melanie.   We are all better because of Drew, and he will be deeply missed by  everyone. Roberta and I extend our deepest sympathies to his brother,  Mike, and his sister, Melanie. Rest in peace, Drew.   