 Mr. Speaker, as a Nation founded on a history  of rugged individualism, the American people are resilient and self- reliant. They will flourish and prosper absent the intrusion and heavy- handed weight of the government.   Apart from national defense, safety, and security, the less our  government does, the better, especially here at the Federal level.   In fact, our country would be far better off if we had just paid this  President and his administration to stay home, and they did nothing  over these past 5\1/2\ months. It is sadly true that the less this  government does to us while pretending to do things for us, the better  off we will all be.   Incredibly, this administration's disastrous economic policies have  produced fewer jobs in their first 5 months of the year than the Trump  administration produced in the last 5 months of 2020 when the  government restrictions and lockdowns in the name of the China virus  were far more widely and strenuously enforced.   Unfortunately, at present time, we have employers, businesses, and  job creators literally competing with their own government for  employees because of the enhanced $300 a week Federal unemployment  benefit.   Every business owner that I talk with in my district tells me that  this is a major, ongoing problem. Every business has up signs saying:  ``Help Wanted,'' ``Employees Needed.''   We even have this problem in my home district in the city of  Charlottesville, in Albemarle County, with the Postal Service. They  can't get people to come to work for the starting wage of $18 an hour  for a mail carrier because they are getting paid $17 an hour to stay  home and not work.   However, the tone-deaf, economically illiterate Democrats, especially  those I serve with on the Education and Labor Committee, they tell  businesses they simply need to raise their wages so far above what the  Federal Government is paying folks not to work--again, $17 an hour in  my home State of Virginia--that folks will finally refuse the free  income not to work and return for a higher paycheck--this as businesses  are struggling to recover from the government shutting them down for a  year, again, in the name of the China virus.   We need to fully reopen our economy, end all restrictions, open our  schools so parents can go back to work, and stop sending confusing and  harmful messages, like requiring masks on public transportation.    In this very House, it was only a couple of weeks ago that we were  pretending that even in a Special Order, speaking to an empty Chamber  with no one near you--within how many feet?--you needed to wear a mask  to keep us safe because we wanted to appear to the American people back  home that we were doing something, the theater of wearing masks just a  few weeks ago.   That is continuing now on public transportation. What kind of a myth  and harmful message does that send to folks?   We need to stop paying folks not to work, reopen our economy, and  turn the American people loose.   