 Madam President, like all of us, I just got back from  spending some time at home. I got back from being there and making a  difference. I think one of the important things of being outside of  Washington is you get a chance to hear what people are really concerned  about. We have all kinds of speeches given here every day of what  Members of Congress are absolutely sure people are concerned about. I  [[Page S4878]]  think that topic becomes much more crystal clear when you get home. I  know it is certainly much more crystal clear to me when I am home in  Missouri.   Over the Fourth of July holiday, there were a number of visits all  over the State--to Columbia, St. Louis, Montgomery City, Monroe City.  There were lots of events everywhere in the State at which I talked  about the importance of getting the vaccine and the progress we were  making there, but the first thing that people wanted to talk to me  about was inflation. People are already seeing that prices are well  above the numbers that they believe they are seeing that the official  numbers are confirming.   In May of this year, prices were 5 percent higher than they were in  May a year ago. In June, they were 5.4 percent higher than they were a  year ago, but people are seeing a lot of prices that are higher than  that. The price of whole milk is up 7.5 percent from a year ago. The  price of an airplane ticket has averaged up about 25 percent from a  year ago. Used cars are more expensive than they were last June. In  fact, they are 45 percent more expensive than they were a year ago in  June.   There is an incredible increase in the cost of things that people not  only want to buy but on those things that are more pressing: what  people have to buy and need to buy.   A lot of people specifically talked to me about gas prices. I was on  the road a lot, driving a lot while I was home, and I saw those prices  for myself. The average cost of a gallon of regular gasoline nationwide  is about $3.15. That is 45 percent higher than in June of last year.  That is a hidden tax that working people pay every day.   Whether it is a hidden tax on a glass of milk, a hidden tax on a tank  of gas, or a hidden tax on other things that they like to do or have to  do, it makes a real difference for the people who want to take a  vacation or have to travel to work. In the part of Missouri that I live  in, there are a lot of little towns that have manufacturing jobs. It is  not unusual for somebody to drive 40 or 50 miles one way to get to that  job, and if gasoline is 45 percent higher than it was a year ago, it  makes a real difference. That is a real hidden tax, and it is usually a  hidden tax on the people to whom the President rightly would not want  to pass on tax increases.   I think the administration has to start taking into account the  issues that are out there. Larry Summers and others from the Obama  administration have warned of the great risk of inflation. When we talk  about energy, for instance, I think we have to do that, clearly, in a  way that, if we are making transitions to energy, we don't make those  transitions in a way that needlessly have a negative impact on families  and on opportunities.   In his first few days in office, President Biden rescinded the permit  for the Keystone XL Pipeline, and not too long after that, he blocked  the new oil and gas leases in Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico. These were  things that Congress had talked about for a long time and, in some  cases, were things Congress had specifically decided were timely to do,  but an Executive order from the President decided, no, we are going to  head in a different direction.   That was just the beginning, really, of what my colleagues have seen  in the discussion in Congress and what my Democratic colleagues in  Congress have in mind. So, if you like paying higher prices for  gasoline, you are going to love what happens to the restrictions that  go into effect and drive prices of all energy even higher.   The other thing I talked to small business owners about and, frankly,  to all business owners about was the trouble in finding enough workers.  Republican Governors in 25 States have now determined that the larger  unemployment benefit kept people from going back to work. People were  choosing to stay on the sidelines rather than go to work. Frankly, if  you looked at that $618 weekly unemployment check that was the average  in America in May, that unemployment check didn't have any childcare  costs associated with it, and it didn't have any travel to work  associated with it. You have to have a job that pays a lot to not  consider, if I am continuing to get this check, why should I go back to  work?   Missouri was one of the 25 States that decided that the extra bonus  was not only bad for families in their not going back to work but that  it was bad for our economy. So, as of June 12, the return to the  important but much lower normal unemployment benefit happened in our  State, and I think you can already see people making the decision that  it is time to go back to work.   Surprisingly, even though we have created a lot of opportunities for  people to stay home, the June economy created 850,000 new jobs, and we  should all feel good about that, but if this is an economy that has  created 850,000 new jobs, at some point, we have to stop pushing money  into that economy that we don't have. There are, obviously, a lot of  factors at play here, but the 850,000 people going back to work is an  important and a significant thing.   Part of the explanation, obviously, is the rush by Republican  Governors, principally, to eliminate that bonus, but part of it is just  simply an economy that is already beginning to rebound--to rebound  based on the current tax structure and rebound based on what  governments already spend rather than this incredible rush to drive  inflation even further.   The Congressional Budget Office put out a new report recently that  read the Federal deficit for this fiscal year will be more than $3  trillion. The problem is that nobody has any idea what $3 trillion  really is, and that probably includes most of us. If I said the deficit  was $3 million or $300,000, somehow divided up to every American  family, we would immediately think: Oh, my goodness. We could never  deal with that.   By the way, it was just announced that there is a budget agreement on  top of that $3 trillion deficit to spend another $3.5 trillion.   It is time we started talking frankly about how much $3 trillion  really is. That $3 trillion is something that somebody has to pay back  sometime. All that borrowing and spending has been one of the big  factors contributing to inflation. It doesn't even count the $3.5  trillion, again, that had been added just overnight in that discussion.   Some people are beginning to call this Bidenomics. I think Congress  has to take its share of responsibility here. The belief that we can  spend without limit and that it won't cause any problems is outrageous.  The idea that we can pay people not to work or pay them more than they  would make if they did work is outrageous. All of these things lead to  unintended consequences. There is a belief that high gas prices and  inflation are just temporary and that people shouldn't be concerned  about it. Well, people are concerned, and they should be concerned.   I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will spend some  time listening to people, hearing their concerns. I hope they will  reconsider their policies that are fueling inflation and holding back  our economy   I yield the floor.   