 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I and Senator  Wyden and Senator Schumer may be able to complete our remarks before  the vote.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on amendment No. 1565  to the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, or USICA, the underlying  bill.   My amendment preserves the constitutional authority of Congress over  international trade. It does so by ensuring the President cannot waive  or modify congressionally approved trade agreements, including the WTO  Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, or  TRIPS--the TRIPS Agreement. And the reason is that the TRIPS Agreement,  like the USICA, contains provisions that facilitate the leadership of  the United States in scientific and technological innovation.   China is challenging that leadership through predatory practices  aimed at our highest value sectors, including our pharmaceutical  sector. Plain and simple, China wants our intellectual property.   Remarkably, the administration announced, without consulting  Congress, that it would support a waiver of U.S. intellectual property  rights under the TRIPS Agreement with respect to vaccines. Moreover,  the U.S. Trade Representative declined to confirm that she would oppose  letting this waiver extend to China.   Colleagues, there are vaccines precisely because the innovative U.S.  firms exist because of strong IP protections. The problem with access  to vaccines is not intellectual property. The problem is the  manufacturing capacity.   This amendment I am proposing allows the administration to proceed,  providing it is willing to make the case, including by presenting  evidence and respecting Congress's authority. The outcome is subject to  congressional approval, just like the original TRIPS Agreement.   I also demand real consultation with Congress. My colleague's  amendment provides only that the administration will provide relevant  proposals and pertinent documents to Congress related to the final  agreement. There is no reason to grant this leeway to the  administration given its existing failure to consult with us.   My amendment requires the administration to provide the text of any  U.S. proposal to Congress 5 business days before it is tabled in a  trade negotiation, not after it has agreed to amend a congressionally  approved agreement.   With respect to that agreement and the other WTO agreements, we have  spoken clearly as a body that the United States can withdraw from these  agreements if, and only if, Congress passes a resolution to that  effect.   For example, it requires reports on issues central to whether the  administration's decision makes sense and provides for consultation by  the administration with the public and Congress concerning its  proposal. This will facilitate transparency, identify any national  security risks presented by the administration's proposal, and,  importantly, will stop an action that does not further vaccine access  or present a risk to our national security.   Accordingly, if the administration's proposal is determined by the  administration's own Agencies not to present a risk to U.S. national  security and that it positively facilitates vaccine access, the  administration may continue negotiating and seeking an outcome for a  waiver.   It must not be the case that once Congress approves a trade  agreement, the administration can simply withdraw rights or obligations  under a congressionally approved trade agreement or alter its terms  however it sees fit. Yet that is exactly what the administration is  seeking to do here.   If we were to accept that proposition, what is the point for  Congress's approving any future trade agreement if the administration  can simply alter it without again coming to Congress to make that  change?   This amendment ensures that the administration's proposal will, in  fact, get a vote by applying fast-track-like procedures to its  conclusions. It also prohibits our IP from going to China or Russia.   I have only one redline, which I suspect all of you share: The  administration may not waive U.S. IP rights under the TRIPS Agreement  to China and Russia. Congress approved the entry of these two countries  into the WTO precisely because we wanted to hold them accountable to  WTO rules.   Russia and China are a threat to American innovation and the  principle reason why the USICA is before us on the floor of the Senate  today. So why would we then allow the administration to legally bless  their malfeasance?   If we must stand together and waive the IP rights of Americans, the  least we can do is insist that China and Russia, which tout the  successes of their own vaccines, not be allowed to take hard-earned  U.S. technology.   This concern is particularly valid since the Chinese Government is  actively trying to steal mRNA technology, and its efforts to develop  such technology is led, in fact, by an arm of the Chinese military   USICA is a sincere, bipartisan effort to promote American innovation  in the face of China's predations. My amendment complements that effort  and must likewise be considered.   I encourage all of my Democrat and Republican colleagues to support  it.    Mr. President, I yield back my time.   