 Mr. President, you know, this is a very important week in  the United States Senate. Our infrastructure bill is big, it is bold,  and it is bipartisan, and it reflects the needs of a population  especially important to me--Native communities and Indian Country  across the United States.   As chair of the Indian Affairs Committee, I have made it my mission  to support these communities. This legislation contains more than $11  billion in direct investments for Native communities, including $3.5  billion for clean water access and delivery, $3 billion for safe roads  and bridges, and $2 billion to close the digital divide for American  Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian families. This bill will  have a direct and long-lasting impact, and I am proud to support it.   Since taking the committee gavel, I have worked with President Biden,  with the Presiding Officer, with the members of the committee, and my  colleagues in both Chambers to ensure that Native voices are always at  the table.   Our Tribal provisions in the American Rescue Plan and the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act were the two largest investments  in Native communities in American history--the two largest investments  in Native communities in American history. Both bills contained  resources and policy reforms that were long awaited and desperately  needed, and they are already paying dividends.   But our work has to continue, and this historic budget resolution is  the next step. At its core, our budget is about restoring the middle  class and giving more Americans the opportunity to get into the middle  class.   It cuts taxes for millions of American families. It creates millions  of American jobs while tackling the climate crisis, and it is paid for  by the wealthy paying their fair share. No one who makes under $400,000  will see an increase in their taxes.   I used to hate charts. I used to not be a chart guy. I have a rule in  my office: If you are coming in to present to me, no PowerPoints. I  just don't like charts.   But I am making an exception right now because it is really important  that the public understand what we are about to do.   We are going to lower costs for all Americans. We are going to cut  taxes for American families. We are going to create millions of jobs  while tackling the climate crisis. And it is going to be paid for by  requiring the wealthy to pay their fair share in taxes.   The budget also addresses Native communities specifically. For far  too long, historical underfunding of Federal programs serving Native  communities and Tribes has left them vulnerable. Today, one in three  Native Americans lives in poverty, and just 19 percent of Native  American students are attending college. Native Americans have a life  expectancy 5\1/2\ years lower than the general population, and Native  Americans are on the frontlines of the climate crisis.   This budget reverses these systemic injustices through a $20.5  billion targeted investment. The budget makes significant investments  in climate resiliency for Native communities and  [[Page S6095]]  gives them the tools that they need to mitigate the impacts of climate  change, deploy their own clean energy solutions on their own terms, and  restore and protect their homelands.   It ensures that Native students and families have more access to  Native language programs, early childhood education, and college. It  also includes historic investments in health and education programs to  provide much needed support to Native people across the country.   We have already made the biggest investment in Native communities in  American history, and we are not done yet. The responsibility of the  U.S. Government to American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Native  Hawaiians isn't just for Democrats or Republicans to live up to. It is  a commitment that we all share   This budget resolution will empower these Native communities like  never before, and it will make our country stronger, safer, and more  resilient.   I will be proud to move it forward.   I yield the floor.   