 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from  Florida.   Madam Speaker, tonight, Members of the Republican Party are standing  up to talk about important issues that we believe are not only  important to us that we feel very strongly about, but also to America,  who is listening for clearness and clarity of issues about ideas.   Tonight, I would like to stand up and talk about the life issue. I  want to talk about it a little bit differently. I am the father of a  Down's syndrome young man. Many times, Down's syndrome children might  be considered, before they are born, as something that might not be as  respected or wanted by a family.   Tonight, what I would like to say is that our children are important.  Our children that are given to us are gifts of God.   While each of us think of ourselves as being special, we need to  think about our children, the next generation of not only this country,  but of God's children. My son, who is now 25 years old, Alexander  Gregory Sessions, who was born into a family that placed high value on  him--not just his life, but his value that he has grown in throughout  his life.   Alex, in many instances, has some limitations about him. Alex is an  Eagle Scout and a young man who gets up every day prepared and ready  for the things that will greet him and the world that he will greet.  Many times, so many people are respectable--they respect Alex and not  only his willingness to live life, but also to come and be a part of  society and to do the things that are important.   So tonight, my message is not just to you, Madam Speaker, but the  American people--the American people who need to know that life is so  important and the children that many women carry not only will offer  solutions to our future, but make our country better.    For those parents that might be facing difficult circumstances, and  perhaps uncertainty about what they think or feel about the emotion of  having perhaps a disabled child, I want to stand up and say: You will  be rewarded. You have been selected by God to be the parent of a  special angel, a child who will mean so much to so many people that  will bring joy and love and admiration. It will be something that will  be a lifelong gift, probably, and something that is to be cherished and  important.   On behalf of my Republican colleagues, we do stand up and talk about  how important life is and how much we believe these children and others  contribute. We also want to say this--thank you to God for selecting us  as parents. We are proud of the responsibility that we have and offer  our thanks to You.   