 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Suicide Prevention  Lifeline Improvement Act. I was proud to introduce this legislation  alongside my good friends and tremendous leaders on mental health  issues, Congresswoman Napolitano and Congressman Beyer.   Every year during Mental Health Awareness Month, I stand before this  body to highlight the mental health crisis facing our Nation and the  urgent need for action. This year, however, the issue is more critical  than ever.   As the coronavirus pandemic impacted nearly every aspect of our  society and daily lives, we saw devastating increases in the number of  Americans suffering from mental health issues. One report by the  Centers for Disease Control last June indicated that 40 percent of U.S.  adults reported struggling with mental health or substance use, with  nearly 11 percent of adults and over 25 percent of those aged 18 to 24  years old having seriously considered suicide. Those are stunning  numbers. The threat of this pandemic was not solely a physical or  financial one. It has taken a toll on the mental health of millions  upon millions of Americans, and they need our support.   I am pleased that the bipartisan Suicide Prevention Lifeline  Improvement Act takes important steps to provide individuals in crisis  with lifesaving aid and resources by improving and strengthening the  National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. Since its creation, the lifeline  has been significantly underfunded and plagued with issues, like long  call wait times and lack of consistency.   This bill increases the authorization from $12 million to $50  million, and dedicates 80 percent of that funding to local suicide  crisis centers that are the backbone of the lifeline, like Contact  Community Services in Syracuse, which literally saves lives every day.   The legislation also implements important quality assurance measures  including the requirement to eliminate call wait times and implement  evidence-based practices like follow-up and referrals to other health  services that are required. For too long, the mental health and suicide  crisis in our country has gone unspoken, underfunded and under- recognized. It is time we address this crisis as what it is: a crisis.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2981 and other  important mental health bills on the floor today.   