 Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about the unfolding, urgent situation on our southern border, and I do  so as the ranking Republican on the Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee.   This unfortunate situation at the border includes a lot of kids  coming over the border, UACs, as they call them, unaccompanied alien  children. These children are making a long and dangerous journey north,  putting themselves at risk and bringing our immigration system and our  shelter system along the border to a breaking point.   You may have heard that the Biden administration insists this is not  a crisis. Here are the facts. You decide.   This chart shows the dire situation that we are in. On Tuesday, the  most recent confirmed information we have is there were 3,400 of these  children in Border Patrol custody. Ten days ago, that number was 1,700.  So in 10 days, this number has doubled. To put this in perspective, at  the very height of the border crisis in 2019 that we all remember being  talked about a lot on the floor of this Senate and around the country,  families and children were coming in, in big numbers. At the very  height, it was 2,600 unaccompanied kids. Today, based on some  information we just received anecdotally from the Customs and Border  Protection folks, it is over 3,500. It is a 35-percent increase even  from where it was during the crisis, and it is growing.   Under law, these children have to be transferred to the Federal  Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, within 72 hours of their  being apprehended, and why we had that law in place was to be able to  help these kids. So instead of being in a Border Patrol detention  facility, which, by the way, were all designed for single males--they  don't have any separation, don't have any trained people to help  provide care to children, and it is law enforcement, Border Patrol  agents--but within 72 hours, we had said that you have to transfer  these children to a Health and Human Services facility that is  appropriate for children. How is that working?   Again, as of Tuesday, there were 3,400 of these kids in Border Patrol  custody in the wrong kind of detention facilities for children. There  were 2,800 children who were ready to transfer to HHS. In other words,  they had been screened, gone through a process. As of Tuesday, there  were 500 beds available, meaning 2,300 children are remaining in Border  Patrol custody in overcrowded, adult facilities without proper care  because there is nowhere to take them.   Look, it is a bad situation. HHS contractors are supposed to be  trained to care for the kids. The Border Patrol  [[Page S1491]]  agents are not trained for that. They are doing their best, but it is  not a safe situation for the kids. By the way, nobody in Border Patrol  believes it is a good situation for the kids. These facilities, the  Border Patrol facilities at the Border Patrol stations and HHS  facilities are all at a breaking point. They are busting at the seams.  Is that a crisis? I don't know. You decide.   This influx comes, by the way, during a season when you normally  don't have a lot of people coming over the border. This is in the  winter. Normally, in the spring and then in the fall, you see the  biggest influxes of families, kids, individuals. So we expect these  numbers to get a lot worse. We expect it to get a lot worse into the  spring.   By the way, we spoke to Customs and Border Patrol folks today. They  told us the numbers are up again today. In fact, we have some internal  document from the Department of Homeland Security that a media  organization reported on. It is an official document that says DHS,  themselves, predict there will be 117,000 children who will be placed  in this situation this year. So they know it just is growing.   Again, is it a crisis? You decide. It is certainly a dangerous  situation. By all accounts, many of these migrants, including children,  face serious threats to their lives and well-being on the trip north.   Just as happened in the past surges in 2014 and 2019, we know this  includes many victims of human trafficking who are deceived and coerced  by traffickers and smugglers as they are taken from Central America up  to the U.S. border. The trip is treacherous. We have evidence that  exploitation and sexual abuse occurs along the way.   In 2019, again, the last time this happened, estimates of migrants  who were victims of sexual or physical abuse along the journey ranged  from 30 to 75 percent. Individual victims have described incredibly  disturbing accounts of being subjected to violence, sexual assault,  rape by traffickers and other criminals. It is a bad situation.   By the way, this situation is the direct result of policy changes.  The new administration came in determined to dismantle all of what the  previous administration had done to try to disincentivize people from  coming to the border, and they have been effective in doing that. They  have dismantled the immigration practices and proceedings that were  working to reduce these incentives. It had resulted in very few kids  coming to the border, as an example--almost none.   Last week, the Secretary of Homeland Security said in a press  conference that the surge of unaccompanied kids is a ``challenge'' but  not a ``crisis.'' He then deflected blame to the previous  administration. That is fine. Look, I wish it were just a challenge  that didn't require an urgent response, but that is not the reality  along the border today. I, frankly, don't care what we call it. Call it  a difficult situation, a challenge, whatever you want, but I care a lot  about what we do in response.   There is an old saying that says Washington only responds to a  crisis. I think, unfortunately, there is a lot of truth to that. We  have to respond here. We have to do something. That is why I think we  need to consider this dire situation a crisis before it gets much  worse.   The next chart shows the reality, which is this surge happened almost  immediately after President Biden and his administration were sworn in  and they made these announcements about changes in policy. Here we have  the election. Here we have the swearing-in. Look at this huge surge in  both family units and in these kids. As I said, we have twice as many  kids today as we had 10 days ago.   This is surging up. Nearly 10,000 unaccompanied alien children and  twice as many family members crossed our border in February, and that  is the shortest month of the year. These surges stopped under the  previous administration because they put in place policies that reduce  the incentives for individuals, families, and unaccompanied minors to  try to unlawfully enter the United States. In less than 2 months, the  Biden administration has systemically taken away these tools that were  being used to reduce these incentives. On day one, the new  administration revoked the emergency declaration for the border,  stopped construction of the border fence, and placed a 100-day halt to  deportations. Not surprisingly, this gave traffickers the green light  to exploit the situation, and more people and more drugs are now moving  across the border.   Next, the new administration reversed what is known as the Migrant  Protection Protocols or the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, which required  asylum seekers to wait in Mexico rather than being released in  communities around the United States while waiting for their asylum  claims to be adjudicated. About 20 percent of the asylum seekers who  went through the entire application process, including all of the  hearings, were granted asylum in 2018.   So, if you go through all of the process, about 20 percent of those  individuals actually got asylum. Now, that is a self-selected group  because I know not everybody goes to the hearing. In fact, the best  data show that most don't show up for all of the hearings. The long- term data show that about half of all asylum applicants eventually get  removal orders due to their not attending all of their asylum hearings.  We don't have great data on this, to be honest, and some people say  that very few go to these asylum hearings. Some say more do. The point  is that about half of them are getting removal orders--we know that-- for not attending all of their asylum hearings.   Given that there is a 1.2 million-case backlog in America today for  asylum applicants and that there were fewer than 5,000 noncriminals  deported last year by ICE, that tells us that, under the current  system, if you are a noncriminal asylum seeker who is denied asylum and  is subject to one of these removal orders, it is highly unlikely that  you are going to actually end up being deported from the United States.  Asylum seekers know that. So do the traffickers. It is no wonder there  has been a surge of those who want to live in the United States who  have come to the border and sought asylum in recent years.   I went to the border in 2019, and many of my colleagues have been  down to the border to see this situation. I will be going back again  soon to see firsthand what is happening and to see how we can help. It  should not be a partisan issue. It should be one in which Democrats and  Republicans alike see what is happening--see the tragedy unfolding  along the border--and do something to address it. This Migrant  Protection Program put in place by the Trump administration had  resulted in a sharp reduction in the surge of asylum claims as people  realized, pending their asylum hearings, they were not going to be  released in U.S. communities. Now we are seeing the reverse happen.   Second, the Biden administration actually suspended Safe Third  Country agreements with the Governments of El Salvador, Guatemala, and  Honduras, which allowed migrants to apply for asylum in the first  foreign country they crossed into. This, of course, reduced incentives  for migrants from those countries to make the long, arduous, and  dangerous journey to the southern border.   These agreements were in the process of being fully implemented, but  they were already helping and had the potential of finding a much more  expeditious way to identify and process those who would qualify for  legitimate asylum-refugee status before they would come all the way to  our border. All that work that has been accomplished has now been lost.  I urge the administration to reinstate those Safe Third Country  agreements with Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador.   Third, the new administration has also significantly changed the way  we process migrants during the COVID-19 crisis. Instead of establishing  the practice of turning away most immigrant and nonimmigrant visa  holders to protect the health and safety of the American people, we are  now learning from media reports, including the Washington Post, that  this new administration has made an unofficial exception to the COVID- 19 rules for children and for families.   Border Patrol agents and CBP officers who are on the frontlines are  telling us that they are returning to the pre-COVID practice of  bringing people into the country despite the health crisis that all of  us understand. The reports are that either the CBP officers are not  testing kids and families for  [[Page S1492]]  COVID at all or, if they are, they are still releasing some of those  who test positive to shelters or into the United States with a request  that they quarantine after they travel to their final destinations in  the interior of the United States. In fact, we know of one instance in  which more than 100 unlawful immigrants in Brownsville, TX, who tested  positive for COVID-19, were simply told to quarantine when they reached  their final destinations regardless of how many people they interacted  with when taking a bus--in that case, most were taking a bus,  apparently--or when taking a plane to their destinations. Obviously,  that doesn't make any sense.   The final policy changes that encourage illegal entry is the new  administration's advocating for amnesty for those here illegally  without making it clear that such amnesty would not apply to anyone not  already here. That is important. As the experience of the last amnesty  in 1986 demonstrated, unless it is very clear that illegal entry won't  be rewarded, it will spawn more illegal entries. Now, let's face it.  The traffickers and the smugglers are going to take advantage of this,  and they are going to misrepresent the reality, but, still, it is  important that all of us as policymakers make it very clear, as we talk  about amnesty, that it is not as to the people who might come in the  future; it is as to the people who are already here.   I will say that the State Department has announced that it will be  reinstating the Central American Minors Program, which was a  streamlined refugee process that existed under the Obama administration  and was run by the U.S. Government and the U.N. High Commissioner for  Refugees, but it was discontinued under the Trump administration. I  think it is a positive thing that they are reinstating that.   We don't have all of the details yet, but I will tell you that  standing up this program without incentivizing people to use it is not  going to be very effective. Even if it were to be as effective as it  was at the height of the program, which was during the Obama  administration, it would not be nearly enough people. In 2 years, the  program resettled 3,300 individuals. So 3,300 children were resettled  in 2 years. That is not going to make a real impact when we are  receiving, right now, 3,300 children every couple of weeks at the  border. Again, I hope they do reinstate that program, as I think that  would be positive, but they have to do much more in order to avoid this  tragic situation from continuing and getting much worse.   The decision by the new administration to change all of these  policies, which were working, without having viable alternatives is  causing this chaos. It was done without thinking through the real  safety and security concerns for both communities and citizens of the  United States as well as for these unaccompanied kids and their  families. As a result, we have a surge of people being incentivized to  enter our country unlawfully, and our systems are being strained during  a public health emergency.   This influx is even worse than in 2019, not just because the numbers  are greater but because we now have the COVID-19 pandemic, and children  and families are being forced into tight quarters in detention  facilities. Asylum seekers with COVID-19 are being released into our  communities, and Customs and Border Protection officers who haven't  been able to receive the vaccine yet, which is a problem, are being  exposed to this influx of migrants who haven't been tested. So it is an  even bigger problem--forgetting the numbers--given the situation we are  in.    That ties in another concern I have about the way this crisis has  been handled so far, which is the administration's response to the  overcrowding at the shelter facilities. It has been to rush and  potentially cut corners to place these unaccompanied children with  sponsors because their goal, after HHS detention in HHS facilities, is  to get these children out to sponsor families. The standards of due  diligence that are required to ensure these children are not being  placed in danger are not being met, as far as we can tell, which  continues a troubling trend that goes back years and administrations.   It is an issue I have worked on since 2015, when we had a terrible  situation in my home State of Ohio wherein kids were given back to the  traffickers by HHS--the traffickers who had brought them up from  Central America by lying to their parents about what they were going to  do: take them to school and so on. These kids ended up working on an  egg farm, 6 to 7 days a week, below the minimum wage. I have seen this.  I have seen what happens when HHS does not take its time and do it  right, and it is very difficult for HHS to do that with the surge that  it has.   Over the course of three bipartisan reports and hearings as part of  the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, and across  two different administrations, we found failures to ensure the safety  of or to even keep track of these vulnerable children once they were  handed off to sponsors as well as a fundamental refusal by Agencies to  accept that they were responsible for the welfare of these kids. That  is the reality. Our bipartisan investigations also found that the  Office of Refugee Resettlement failed to exercise appropriate oversight  at its facilities and wasted millions of taxpayer dollars on  organizations and on contractors that could not acquire State licenses  to safely open the planned shelter facilities.   As those in this administration attempt to process this influx of  unaccompanied kids and safely get them to longer term housing  solutions, it is urgent that they do the due diligence on who is going  to be looking after these children and not cut corners as some reports  are indicating. That means fingerprinting the sponsors. That means  background checks. That means home visits. The Federal Government  cannot allow these kids to fall victim to human trafficking, to abuse,  or other harm.   I, along with my bipartisan cosponsors, will be reintroducing the  Responsibility for Unaccompanied Minors Act again in the coming days to  help ensure these requirements are met to protect our kids.   Here is the reality: Once these children arrive at the border, there  are no good options. The answer is to stop providing the incentives,  the pull factor. That is the short-term imperative. We should not be  encouraging these young people to make that arduous journey to then  have them end up in a detention facility. That is wrong for them. It is  a place where single males are crowded together but where kids are not  taken care of. Then, when they have to go to the HHS facility, there is  not enough room--again, making the point of there being 3,400 kids in  detention and 2,800 kids who are ready to be transferred to HHS, to  more appropriate facilities, but there are only 500 beds. So 2,300 are  kept in these overcrowded facilities that are meant for single males.  It is not a good option. There is no good option. The option is to keep  them from coming up to the border in the first place.   Yes, we can do more on the push factors also. That means investing in  Central America and other places to try to make those countries places  where people would want to stay rather than come to the United States.  Yet, my colleagues, that is what is called a long-term solution. Let's  be frank. I am for it, but we have to recognize that this is not a  solution to the current crisis that we face.   In the last 5 years, we have spent $3.6 billion of U.S. taxpayer  funds in aid for these Northern Triangle countries of Guatemala, El  Salvador, and Honduras. President Biden is proposing to spend another  $4 billion in those countries. I support smart investments that don't  get wasted because of corruption or other challenges, but it won't fix  the crisis this month, this year, or next year. The development of the  Northern Triangle is a decades-long effort--one we need to do but one  that is not going to address, again, the crisis that we face now.   I urge the Biden administration to also step up efforts to tie any  aid to better collaboration with our international partners, including  with the Governments of Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador,  to address this challenge, discourage migration, and provide  alternatives to those seeking to make the dangerous journey north. They  need to help us, and they have in the past.   In the Trump administration, we had a valuable partner in Mexico, as  an example. It used tens of thousands of its  [[Page S1493]]  own military to patrol its own southern border to ensure migrants could  be processed, if necessary, and turned away if they didn't meet the  requirements. That was very helpful. I am concerned that these troops  have now been pulled back--that is the information that we are  receiving--partly because, as we are told, President Biden is not  encouraging the current Mexican leadership to continue this practice. I  hope that changes. The current surge in unaccompanied children at our  border, in the midst of a global pandemic, is a situation in which no  one wins and the children lose the most.   I am disappointed that the Biden administration chose to overturn the  policies put in place by the Trump administration, which were to help  control the flow of migrants during this pandemic, without having any  viable alternatives. I am concerned that leaders at key Agencies  involved in the response to this crisis are somehow seeing it as in  their interests to downplay the severity of the situation.   I urge the Biden administration to change course. Put back in place  smart policies that reduce the pull factors, and address the need for  legal and orderly processes for migration.   I yield the floor.   