 Mr. President, at any particular moment, with total  certainty, Washington Democrats know one of two things to be true,  either American democracy is so well-functioning, so sacrosanct that  nobody can possibly question or badmouth it; or democracy is in total  crisis, hanging on by a thread, and only a massive, sweeping partisan  overhaul by Democrats can save it.   Now, it can be hard to guess which of those opposite stories  Democrats will be shouting on any given day. The narrative flip-flops  at a dizzying pace.   After 2016, when voters picked Republicans, Secretary Clinton and a  whole cast of senior Democrats called the new President illegitimate.  Two-thirds of all Democrats said Russia had probably or definitely  hacked into our voting systems and actually changed the tallies, a  baseless conspiracy theory, a big lie.   Four years later, they kept insisting that democracy was broken and  Democrats had to overhaul it. H.R. 1 was written and introduced on that  pretense.   As recently as last summer, when the 2020 election was looking close,  Democrats and cable news spent multiple weeks in literal hysterics over  what they said was a massive secret election conspiracy revolving  around the Postal Service--another big lie.   It was one frantic meltdown after another, constant, silly claims  that our democracy would die. But last November, their story turned on  a dime because Democrats got election results they liked a lot better.   Now, suddenly, our elections were no longer in crisis. Now American  democracy was finely tuned, fully legitimate, and beyond reproach. For  about 11 weeks, from President Biden's election through his  inauguration, Democrats and their immediate friends briefly stopped  being our democracy's biggest doubters and became its No. 1 fans. But  now, as Democrats look ahead to the first midterm that is almost always  challenging for the sitting President's party, the silly hysterics have  been switched right back on.   This spring, the State of Georgia passed a mainstream election law  that expanded early voting and made drop boxes permanent for the first  time. The left responded with a total meltdown. Regulations that left  Georgia with more flexible early voting and more flexible absentee  voting than many blue States, including New York, were, insanely,  called ``Jim Crow 2.0.'' What nonsense.   Georgia Democrats scared huge corporations into promoting a moral  panic that was completely and totally false. It was a shameless effort  to manufacture an air of crisis to help Democrats ram their election  takeover bills through the Congress, but it didn't work. The Senate  rejected all the bad ideas in S. 1, so the made-up outrage had to be  cranked up even higher--even higher.   So this week, State legislators from Texas decided to grab some beer,  hop on a private plane, and flee the State in what they are pretending  is some great moral crusade. In reality, they have just come here to  Washington to snap selfies, bask in the limelight, and beg Senate  Democrats to take over Texas elections.   Once again, this outrage is completely phony. The Texas Legislature  was going to consider bills that would expand the minimum hours of  early voting, make even more counties provide 12-hour days of early  voting, and make it even easier for voters to fix mistakes on mail-in  ballots so their votes would actually count. These bills would apply  voter ID to mail-in ballots through a simple process that doesn't even  require a driver's license number. They would clean up voter rolls to  remove voters who have died or moved away.   This is not controversial stuff; it is common sense. More than 80  percent of Texans support voter ID. But Democrats have pulled out the  same Chicken Little playbook that failed in Georgia, the same big lies.   Yesterday, the President of the United States delivered a speech that  was set in an alternate universe. He called these mainstream State  laws, these modest integrity measures that are wildly popular with  Americans--now, listen to this--``the most significant test of our  democracy since the Civil War.'' Really? This is our new President, who  promised to lower the temperature, bring America back together, and  rebuild a civil society where we can dialogue as fellow citizens? That  is the person who is now yelling that mainstream State laws are more  dangerous than two world wars, more dangerous than poll tests and Bull  Connor and actual Jim Crow segregation and somehow analogous to the  Civil War? That is what the President of the United States said  yesterday? What utter nonsense. It would be laugh-out-loud funny if it  wasn't so completely and totally irresponsible.   Here are the great sins of the Texas proposals. Here is what is  apparently so outrageous: They want to wind down a few emergency COVID  voting procedures, including drive-through voting and polling places  that are open all night long. I am serious. That is what this is all  about, that they want to wind down two COVID voting procedures: drive- through voting and polling places that are open 24/7.   Because of the pandemic, for the first time ever, some places in  Texas experimented with these brandnew, unusual measures, but now  winding them down is somehow an assault on democracy? Really? If Texas  is not interested in permanently letting people vote from their car  windows or at 3 in the morning, then President Biden says that ``they  want to make it so hard and inconvenient they hope people don't vote at  all,'' simply because you can't vote all night? Really? These brandnew  exceptions for a 100-year pandemic are supposed to now be sacred  pillars of our system. Things that we did last year to deal with a 100- year pandemic--to get rid of any of that is a threat to our system?   Voter ID protections are supported by majorities of White Americans,  Black Americans, and Hispanic Americans, but President Biden calls  these things ``a 21st-century Jim Crow assault''--one big lie after  another. These people think that if they just keep repeating the same  melodramatic clichEs, they will finally get to pull off the power grab.   These false comparisons are an insult to the actual hurdles that  Americans have overcome over the years together. We have won two world  wars, faced down the Soviets, unwound brutal segregation, defeated  actual Jim Crow laws, and endured the 9/11 attacks, but now the sky is  falling? The sky is falling because of these mainstream laws that  people actually support? Because Texans want to allow 16-hour days of  voting but just not in the dead of night?   Do they know that nobody outside of liberal Twitter and cable  television is buying an ounce of what they are selling? The big lies,  the fake outrage failed in Georgia. The big lies and fake outrage  failed here in the Senate, and they will fail in Texas.   The big lies and fake outrage are totally failing to persuade the  American people. Americans want to make it easy to vote but hard to  cheat. Americans know that having widespread and accessible voting,  along with voter ID, isn't an attack on democracy; it is the definition  of democracy.   So, look, I understand the Democrats may be growing nervous about the  2022 elections. I can see why. Liberal policies are overspending,  overborrowing, and hurting our economy. They are destabilizing the  Middle East, weakening our southern border, and increasing violent  crime across our country. But the solution is not to keep lying to the  American people about the health of our democracy. The answer is not  this desperate craving for an unprecedented  [[Page S4874]]  partisan takeover so Washington Democrats can appoint themselves the  board of elections for every county and State.   The longer these fake hysterics keep up, the more Americans will keep  wondering just why Democrats are this desperate--this desperate to  seize control over election laws and why Democrats are this panicked by  the prospect of voter integrity measures that are simple, that are  fair, and that are popular with the American people.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   