 Madam Speaker, President Biden's massive new  multitrillion dollar tax and spend bill, the so-called Build back  Better Act will cost at least $4 trillion according to the U.S. Chamber  of Commerce.   According to the Chamber, the Build Back Better Act will  significantly increase inflation and lead to up to 3 million people  losing their employer sponsored health insurance plans.   Astonishingly, as we debate this legislation on the floor of the  House today, there is still no detailed cost analysis by the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.  [[Page H6663]]    Among the bill's most egregious provisions, it:   Effectively bans Catholic and other faith-based schools from  participating in the expanded child care program;   Dramatically raises taxes on businesses and individuals;   Grants more power to the IRS to target taxpayers by removing taxpayer  protection requirements and hiring 87,000 additional agents;   Permits taxpayer money to go to entities involved China's genocide  against the Uyghur Muslims;   Institutes price controls on prescription drugs and subjects  companies that refuse to comply to a massive excise tax, which would  cripple innovation and could cause the removal of life-saving drugs  from the U.S. market.   And, shockingly, the legislation forces taxpayers to pay for abortion  on demand in several new and expanded programs.   Taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize or facilitate the killing  of an unborn child.   The so-called Build Back Better Act:   Gives states $30 billion over three years to create reinsurance  programs for health insurance issuers. There are no protections  whatsoever to prevent subsidization of plans covering elective  abortion,   Extends to January 1, 2027 the increases to premium tax credits  available for consumers through the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Premium  tax credits allow taxpayer funding to subsidize ACA plans that provide  elective abortion;   Provides $10 billion worth of public health funding grants that  aren't Hyde Amendment protected,   Makes permanent the Health Coverage Tax Credit without Hyde  protection to prevent taxpayer funds in this program from paying for  health plans that include elective abortion;   Mandates abortion coverage in the Affordable Care Act (ACA);   And more.   The National Right to Life Committee strongly opposes this  legislation and pointed out that: ``The 2010 Obamacare law as would the  Build Back Better (BBB) created multiple new streams of federal funding  that are ``self-appropriated'' flowing outside regular appropriations.   ``That said, the Obamacare law contains a provision that specifically  permitted states to ban elective abortion coverage in their exchanges,  and 25 states passed legislation doing so. The BBB, starting in 2024,  would explicitly override the laws of 11 of these states--states that  did not expand their Medicaid programs. One additional non-expansion  state (Wyoming) will also now be required to cover abortion.   ``Further, the provisions mandate that Obamacare silver exchange  plans cover abortion and transportation for abortions (without cost  sharing) for the Medicaid coverage gap population. The BBB provides  unlimited appropriations to finance this abortion expansion. The BBB  would mandate coverage in the abovementioned 12 states of ``services  described in subsection (a)(4)(C) of section 1905 of such [the Social  Security] Act [family planning services] for which Federal payments  would have been so available [``under title XIX of the Social Security  Act] which are not otherwise provided under such plan as part of the  essential health benefits package described in section 1302(a).''  Obamacare specifically excluded abortion as a required essential health  benefit under section 1303, and this BBB provision would effectively  override the 2010 law.''   The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops wrote to every Member of  Congress on Wednesday and said: ``it is completely unacceptable that  the current House version of the Build Back Better Act expands taxpayer  funding of abortion . . . No proposal to support individuals needing  affordable health care coverage should compel Americans to pay for the  destruction of human life through their tax dollars . . . In addition,  the latest text maintains the proposed health care affordability fund  for states without Hyde protections, and provides funding for several  public health grants without Hyde protections. This fundamental problem  of expanded taxpayer funding of abortion in the Build Back Better Act  must be remedied before the bill moves forward.''   The Susan B. Anthony List opposes the bill and said yesterday: ``It  is critical to remember that whenever abortion is not explicitly  excluded from funding, it is included . . . A careful reading of this  bill shows billions of dollars being appropriated outside of Hyde  protections, leaving them available for direct and indirect abortion  funding, upsetting the status quo and funneling money to the abortion  industry . . . The ACA coverage provision mandates abortion coverage  for its Medicaid-gap population in the twelve states that opted out of  Medicaid expansion for plan years 2024 and 2025. It is notable that  none of these states currently fund abortion coverage. This language  would coerce them states to cover abortion against the will of their  constituents.''   The Hyde Amendment, Madam Speaker, has saved more than 2.4 million  lives--about 60,000 per year since it was first enacted.   Hyde protections need to be added to this bill.   It is time, I believe, for more of us to face the harsh reality of  what abortion does to children and look beyond the sound bites and  slogans.   No-one in the media ever bothers to expose the violent methods of  abortion that include dismemberment of a child's fragile body,  including decapitation, and that drugs like RU-486 starve the baby to  death.   Or that unborn babies killed by abortion at 20 weeks or later  experience excruciating suffering and physical pain. And until rendered  unconscious or dead by these hideous procedures, the baby feels the  pain every cut according to medical experts in life-enhancing prenatal  surgery.   Abortion is not health care unless one construes the precious life of  an unborn child to be analogous to a tumor to be excised or a disease  to be vanquished pregnancy is not a disease.   Mr. Biden once wrote constituents, explaining that his support for  laws against funding for abortion, by saying ``it would protect both  the woman and her unborn child.''   Mr. Biden went on to say ``that those of us who are opposed to  abortion should not be compelled to pay for them.'' I agree. Most  Americans agree.   Over the years, the polls have consistently shown that Americans do  not support taxpayer funded abortion.   The January 2021 Marist poll found that by a margin of 58 percent to  38 percent oppose taxpayer funded abortion.   The Marist poll found that a supermajority of 65 percent of  Independents oppose taxpayer funding of abortion.   Unborn babies need the President of the United States and Members of  Congress to be their friend and advocate, not powerful adversaries.   