 Madam President, I rise today to call attention to the  humanitarian crisis that is happening right now in the State of Texas,  another one happening right now in Del Rio, TX--yet another consequence  of President Biden's and Vice President Harris's dangerous refusal to  enforce our laws or to protect our border, a refusal that is causing  people to die; that is causing young girls to be trafficked; that is  causing drugs to pour into our State; and that is causing our  communities to become much less safe.   Right now, thousands of Haitians are camped under a bridge in Del  Rio, TX,  [[Page S6617]]  after illegally entering our country. Six days ago, I went down to Del  Rio myself to see firsthand what was going on and why this was  happening. The sheer number of people under the bridge took my breath  away. People were struggling enormously, including infants, including  young children, and I learned from authorities on the ground what had  happened and that this was a man-made crisis. To understand what  occurred, we have to go back to September 8.    On September 8 and in the weeks that preceded it, there were between  700 and 1,000 people under that bridge in Del Rio. That was about the  traffic that was coming in each day illegally. Then, on September 8,  the Biden administration made a political decision. There were some 900  Haitian illegal immigrants who were scheduled to board planes and be  deported back to Haiti. Roughly, 85 percent of the illegal immigrants  crossing at Del Rio are from Haiti originally. On September 8, the  Biden administration canceled those planes. It informed those 900  Haitians that they would not be deported but that they would, instead,  be allowed to stay in the United States, and what happened next is  simple.   Those 900 picked up their phones, and they called their friends; they  called their families; they texted their friends and families. Between  the period of September 8, when the Biden administration canceled those  flights back to Haiti and September 16--8 days later when I was in Del  Rio--the 700 people under the bridge had become 10,503. That is what  the total was the day I was there--10,503 packed in in deplorable  conditions. They had already crossed into the United States. They were  packed under that bridge because the Border Patrol lacked the capacity  to process anything close to that number, and within a couple more  days, the 10,503 had become 15,000 people.   To put that in perspective, the city of Del Rio has a population of  35,000 people. Nearly half the population of Del Rio was under that  bridge. We have seen bread and water and toilet paper and basic  necessities flying off store shelves in Del Rio, which wasn't expecting  to have to handle such a massive influx of illegal immigrants.   The people of Del Rio are concerned; they are dismayed; they don't  understand why the Federal Government refuses to enforce the law. Law  enforcement is concerned and dismayed and doesn't understand why Joe  Biden and Kamala Harris won't enforce the law. The mayor in Del Rio is  a Democrat, and he is frustrated and dismayed with the crisis the  Federal Government has caused.   In the past month, I have traveled throughout South Texas, doing  roundtables--sitting down with farmers and ranchers, sitting down with  sheriffs and local law enforcement, sitting down with elected  officials. A great many of the elected officials in South Texas are  Democrats. South Texas, historically, has been a very Democratic region  of the State. To a person, every elected Democrat with whom I sat down  was horrified at what was happening.   More than one elected Democrat in South Texas said to me: If the  National Democratic Party is the party of open borders, I can't be for  that.   You know, in this body, we listen to lots of elected officials from  States that don't have a border with Mexico pontificate on how  enforcing the border is somehow cruel. I will tell you what is cruel:  having 10,503 people underneath a bridge, in shantytown conditions,  where children, where women, where men are sleeping out in the elements  and where even more come.   One of the things that strikes me about that Del Rio influx is many  of those individuals had already been granted asylum in Mexico. So they  had come from Haiti to Mexico. They had been granted asylum--they were  living legally in Mexico--but when the Biden administration canceled  the flights back to Haiti and word got out of, ``Hey, come to Del Rio.  It is olly olly oxen free. If you come to Del Rio, you can stay in  America,'' it took 8 days for 700 people to become 10,503.   The Biden administration has also shut down five Border Patrol  checkpoints in the Del Rio sector area of responsibility so they can  redirect personnel just to process the mass of illegal immigrants under  the bridge in Del Rio, and, of course, it is at those checkpoints that  trucks carrying illegal immigrants or trucks carrying drugs into our  country are caught.   So, with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris pulling the personnel away from  that, we know yet more illegal immigrants will stream into this  country. We know yet more women will be raped and sexually assaulted by  human traffickers. We know more children--more little boys and more  little girls--will face physical assault and sexual assault from human  traffickers. We also know that more heroin, more fentanyl--more illegal  drugs--will pour into our States. And, by the way, not just the State  of Texas, but every State in the Union will have more people die from  illegal drugs because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris refuse to enforce the  law and are pulling law enforcement off of their job of protecting our  communities.   On Monday, Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro  Mayorkas went down to Del Rio. Let me say I am glad he did. Joe Biden  hasn't been to Del Rio. Kamala Harris hasn't been to Del Rio. She is  ostensibly the border control czar, but the czar can't be bothered to  actually go to the southern border where the crisis is occurring.   Secretary Mayorkas, in Del Rio, said: ``We are very concerned that  Haitians who are taking this irregular migration path are receiving  false information that the border is open.''   Well, I wonder why they think the border is open. Maybe it is because  the Biden administration halted the deportation flights to Haiti. Maybe  it is because Joe Biden is releasing Haitians who illegally cross the  border at Del Rio into the United States at a staggering scale. Maybe  it is because Joe Biden halted construction of the border wall the day  that he became President. Maybe it is because Joe Biden reinstated the  failed catch-and-release policy or maybe it is because Joe Biden, on  day 1 of the Presidency, ended the incredibly successful ``Remain in  Mexico'' policy, which was an international agreement that President  Trump had negotiated with the Government of Mexico that provided that  when people crossed illegally into Mexico, that they would remain in  Mexico while their U.S. asylum case was proceeding.   That agreement was phenomenally successful--so much so that last  year, in 2020, we had the lowest rate of illegal immigration in 45  years.   I want to point out to you that some of the Democratic Party, some in  the media like to say: Well, this problem has been with us a long time.  This problem is not Joe Biden's fault; it is not Kamala Harris' fault.  We can't solve the crisis at our southern border.   If you hear elected Democrats saying that, if you hear the corrupt  corporate media saying that, you know they are not telling you the  truth.   Why is that? Because last year, 12 months ago, we had the lowest rate  of illegal immigration in 45 years. We know how to solve this crisis.  The ``Remain in Mexico'' international agreement worked, and Joe Biden  and Kamala Harris, for political reasons, decided to tear up that  international agreement and declare open season on our southern border.   This year, since Joe Biden has been President, over 1.2 million  illegal immigrants have come into the United States. We are on pace for  more than 2 million this year, which is the highest rate in 20 years.   Do you want to see how much policy and politics matter? We went from  the lowest rate in 45 years last year to the highest rate in 21 years  this year. And it is all because of politics, because Joe Biden and  Kamala Harris had made promises to the open-border radicals in their  party.   I will tell you, I have been to the border. I have been to the Biden  cages. For 4 years, Democrats went on and on and on. The corrupt  corporate media went on and on and on about kids in cages. You couldn't  turn on the evening news without hearing ``kids in cages.''   What they didn't tell you is that Barack Obama built those cages,  and, today, under Joe Biden, the cages are bigger and they are more  full than they were before.   Every Democrat who stood up and lamented ``kids in cages'' and the  House of Representatives--Representative Ocasio-Cortez has a famous  photo of her grasping her head by the kids in cages. Well, I am going  to give a simple challenge for Representative Ocasio-  [[Page S6618]]  Cortez and for every Democrat in this body: Go see the Biden cages with  your own eyes.   I have seen them--the Donna tent facility, with over 4,000 people,  with little boys and little girls on top of each other. Just a couple  of weeks ago, when I was in the Rio Grande Valley, the rate of COVID  positivity in the Biden cages was over 22 percent.   And all the Democrats who talked about this, if they don't go, if  they don't denounce the Biden cages, then they are telling you that  they are hypocrites; that they didn't believe it when they said it;  that they didn't care about it when they said it; that it was all  politics. It wasn't about their kids.   Why does Joe Biden refuse to go to the Rio Grande Valley? Because if  he goes, the TV cameras will come with him.   Why does Kamala Harris, who is supposed to be the border czar--she is  supposed to be in charge of this--why won't she go to the Rio Grande  Valley? Because if she went, the TV cameras would come and would show  the Biden cages.   And the Democrats are counting on the corrupt corporate media to  suddenly say: Nothing to see here. Fifteen thousand Haitians under a  bridge in Del Rio? Nothing to see here.   Does anyone want to know what Joe Biden's favorite ice cream flavor  is? That is the news. Never mind 1.2 million illegal immigrants. Never  mind when I took 19 Senators down to the border. We went out on the  river and saw a man floating dead in the river who died trying to cross  illegally. Never mind the South Texas farmers and ranchers, the moms  who told me: I won't let my teenage kids go out on our ranch without  being armed with a loaded firearm because there are so many human  traffickers and narcotics traffickers that it is dangerous for them to  go out on their own ranch.   Never mind the South Texas farmers and ranchers, who told me at  roundtables how tired they are of going out and finding dead bodies.   Do you want to understand what is happening? You say there is no  crisis? Come to Brooks County. I invite every Democrat here to Brooks  County. Brooks County in South Texas, it is just north of the border.  Brooks County, over and over and over again, there are dead bodies of  illegal immigrants.   The traffickers who are bringing them in, they are not nice guys.  They are not humanitarians. They don't give a damn. That means, if one  of the illegal immigrants is a pregnant woman, is a young child, is  elderly, is sick, they just abandon them. They leave them in the rough  terrain in the summer heat, and, over and over again, the farmers and  ranchers encounter dead bodies on their property, where the traffickers  have abandoned them.   I ask you: Is that humane? Is that compassionate, that Joe Biden and  Kamala Harris policy that encourages, that puts people in harm's way  and results in people dying?   When we were down at the border, we saw a young girl who had been  gang raped by the human traffickers who had brought her to America. The  rate of sexual assault is staggering, particularly among the girls and  young women, so much so that a significant percentage of young women,  before they take the harrowing trip with the traffickers, will implant  a birth control because they know the odds of their being sexually  assaulted are so great.   And I will tell you, as I was doing the roundtables, one of the  things I saw also was the colored wrist bands. So the traffickers are  global cartels that are criminals. They are vicious criminals. They  charge anyone--a young man, a young woman, a little boy, a little  girl--thousands of dollars, anywhere from 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, $8,000 to  cross into the United States.   By the way, do you know there is 100-percent operational control on  the border--100 percent--on the southern side? Nobody crosses the  border without the cartels' permission. If you do, they will kill you.  Every person who crosses the border does so after paying the cartels,  because you will be killed otherwise.    But often, when they come, they will cross, and they will end up at a  stash house. I have been to those stash houses. I have been out on the  midnight patrols with the Border Patrol. You go into those stash  houses, and there are colored wrist bands that they put on the illegal  immigrants, and the colors correspond to how many thousands of dollars  they paid and how many thousands of dollars more they owe.   Often, when they get here, the cartels will say: Thank you for your x  thousand dollars. We want y thousand more.   Tragically, it is at those stash houses in the United States where  many of the sexual assaults occur. And so these immigrants, many of  whom are young children, teenage children, when they get here, the  Biden administration delivers them to their final destination. Joe  Biden and Kamala Harris and their administration are the last mile of  the human trafficking network.   But for the 14-, 15-year-old boy who arrives in Atlanta, who arrives  in New York, who arrives in Detroit, who arrives in Nashville--many of  those 14- and 15-year-old boys owe thousands of dollars to the cartels,  which means they arrive in your city--you might think Georgia is not a  border State. But when teenagers are arriving in Atlanta owing  thousands of dollars to the cartels, they work for the cartels, and the  cartels know who their family is and where their family is, and they  risk their mother or father being murdered if they don't work for the  cartels to pay off the cartels.   The young women have it even worse. There are teenage girls who make  the decision: I want to come to America; I want to come to the promised  land.   We have been a beacon of hope to millions throughout our history.  They don't realize they are stepping into Hell on Earth when the  traffickers take them and then take them to a cartel facility in  whatever city they end up in, where many of those teenage girls, still  owing thousands of dollars to the cartels, have to work to pay off that  debt by forced prostitution. Young girls forced into a life of sex  slavery because the alternative is murder at the hand of the cartels.  This is happening.   The fact that Joe Biden doesn't want to talk about it, the fact that  Kamala Harris claims it is not happening, the fact that the corrupt  corporate media ignores it, it doesn't stop the fact that hundreds of  thousands of people are suffering.   Mr. President, you and I are on the Senate Judiciary Committee. We  have had four hearings in the Democrat-controlled Judiciary Committee  on amnesty. In case the American people missed it, we get that the  Democrats want amnesty for every illegal alien. That is not lost on  anybody.   We haven't had a single hearing on the humanitarian crisis at the  border. We haven't had a single hearing on the Biden cages.   Is it really the case that no Democrat in this Chamber cares about  the children being assaulted, cares about the children catching COVID,  cares about the illegal immigrants being released by Joe Biden and  Kamala Harris with COVID into our communities?   I get, politically, that this is an inconvenient topic to discuss. It  is not the political narrative Democrats want to address. But every  Democrat in this body needs to ask: Did you believe one word of the  rhetoric you said during the Trump administration? Or was it all  politics?   And, by the way, I saw the kids in cages, and I went to them directly  when Obama was President. I saw them when Trump was President. I saw  them when Biden was President. The difference last year is that we had  the lowest numbers in 45 years. We were fixing the problem last year by  enforcing the law.   Joe Biden has created this crisis through political divisions.   I make one final point: right now, 10 to 15,000 Haitian illegal  immigrants under a bridge in Del Rio, TX. It is easy for Democrats to  say: Well, that is not my problem.   It is easy for Democrats to say: I have never been to Del Rio. What  do I care about those folks in South Texas.   I ask you: How would this issue be different if those illegal  immigrants--if their point of entry was Martha's Vineyard? How would  this issue be different if their point of entry was Silicon Valley,  perhaps right outside the headquarters of Google--15,000 illegal  immigrants under bridges?   The corrupt corporate media doesn't care. The Democrats, I hope, will  demonstrate that they do.   And I will tell you this: The American people care. What is happening  at  [[Page S6619]]  our southern border is wrong, and it needs to end.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   