 Madam Speaker, in February of this year, more than two  years after the cold-blooded murder of Washington Post journalist, and  my constituent, Jamal Khashoggi, the Director of National Intelligence  released a previously classified U.S. intelligence report.   The report clearly stated: ``We assess that Saudi Arabia's Crown  Prince Muhammad bin Salman approved an operation in Istanbul, Turkey to  capture or kill Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.''   It concluded that ``since 2017, the Crown Prince has had absolute  control of the Kingdom's security and intelligence organizations,  making it highly unlikely that Saudi officials would have carried out  an operation of this nature without the Crown Prince's authorization.''   We've always known, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Crown Prince  Muhammad bin Salman directed the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi.   We also know that this operation is part of a broad and ongoing  effort to use violence to intimidate and silence dissidents abroad.   Furthermore, we know that some of the killers of Jamal Khashoggi were  trained in the United States, demonstrating an overwhelming need for  reforms to our current arms sales processes and increased  accountability.   And yet, despite all this, Crown Prince MBS and Saudi Arabia have  generally been shielded from accountability, especially by the previous  administration, signaling this kind of abhorrent behavior was somehow  ok, inviting further atrocities.   That impunity ends with my amendment, based on the text of my bill,  H.R. 1392, the Protection of Saudi Dissidents Act of 2021, which passed  the House with overwhelming bipartisan support earlier this year.   This legislation is targeted and does four things, specifically:   It limits arms exports to Saudi intelligence, internal security, or  law enforcement entities if the President finds that Saudi Arabia has  engaged in the following activities:   Forced repatriation, intimidation, or killing of dissidents in other  countries;   The unjust imprisonment in Saudi Arabia of United States citizens or  residents or the placing of travel restrictions on them or their family  members;   And the torture of detainees in the custody of the Government of  Saudi Arabia.   It requires the closure of one or more Saudi diplomatic facilities if  the President finds that Saudi Arabia is using diplomatic or consular  personnel to harass or harm Saudi nationals in the United States.   It requires a report on whether Saudi Arabia has been engaged in a  consistent pattern of acts of intimidation or harassment directed  against individuals in the United States.   And finally, it requires a report on whether the U.S. intelligence  community fulfilled its duty to warn Jamal Khashoggi of threats to his  life.   In the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I worked closely with the  Chairman and Ranking Member to improve this legislation as introduced,  ensuring that this effort is bipartisan.   This legislation has the support of dozens of human rights  organizations, including the Committee to Protect Journalists,  Reporters Without Borders, PEN America, Human Rights First, Human  Rights Watch, Freedom Now, and many others.   When we turn a blind eye to human rights abuses, we embolden friend  and foe alike to continue to engage in these horrific violations.   We must end this ``two-year pageant of impunity'' and finally hold  Saudi Arabia accountable for their treatment of dissidents and those  who stand up for human rights and against autocratic repression.   Jamal Khashoggi was not the only one to face the brutality of the  Saudi regime and is not the only one who would benefit from this  legislation.   I thank Chairman Meeks for his support on this amendment, and I ask  my colleagues to join me in sending a message to human rights  defenders, dissidents, and journalists worldwide and reaffirm the  unshakeable American commitment to basic rights and freedoms.   I ask you to join me in supporting adoption of this amendment.    Madam Speaker, more than 4.7 million people around the  globe have died because of the COVID-19 pandemic.   In fact, more people in the United States have died from COVID-19  than they did from the 1918 flu pandemic--the previous worst pandemic  to date.   For a year and a half, our lives, and the lives of people around the  world, were completely upended, supply chains disrupted, governments  thrown into disarray. This emergency impacted every part of our lives  and we were caught completely unprepared.   We can't afford to let that happen again.   Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a dearth of leadership and  strategy around U.S. planning for a global health security emergency.   As we continue to try to emerge from the worst of COVID-19, we now  understand just how important planning like this truly is.   COVID-19 has underscored not only the need for a robust federal  response to such a crisis, but also the importance of investing in  global health security and pandemic preparedness around the world.   Given the disruption this pandemic has caused, it's clear that we  need to consider global health security when we consider our national  defense and security.   This amendment will:   Establish a Global Health Security Agenda Interagency Review Council  overseen by the National Security Advisor and whose membership includes  the heads of agencies relevant to carrying out the Global Health  Security Agenda;   Establish a United States Coordinator for Global Health Security  responsible for coordinating the interagency response to a global  health security emergency;   Require the President to develop a global health security strategy  with specific and measurable goals, benchmarks, and performance metrics  that will improve U.S. leadership on global pandemic preparedness;   And establish an international Fund for Global Health Security and  Pandemic Preparedness.   The text of this amendment is based on my bill H.R. 391, the Global  Health Security Act, which passed the House earlier this year with  broad bipartisan support--the fifth time that it has passed the House  of Representatives.   The original legislation was improved with amendments during  committee markup. They:   Updated the findings sections to reflect actions taken by the Biden  Administration on global health security;   Tasks the National Security Advisor with overseeing interagency  review council established in the bill;   Added the Department of the Treasury and ODNI to the council  membership;   And elevated participation on the council to heads of agencies.   These edits were helpful suggestions from the Ranking Member and we  were glad to incorporate them.   We wrote this legislation long before the current pandemic and have  adapted the text to incorporate lessons learned.   I thank Representatives Chabot, Bera, Fitzpatrick, and Larsen for  leading on the original bill with me, and for their support on this  amendment.   The Biden Administration has already committed to funding the Fund  for Global Health Security and Pandemic Preparedness, and included it  in their FY22 Presidential Budget Request.   There is a similar, bipartisan effort in the Senate led by Senators  Menendez and Risch, demonstrating the widespread support for bolstering  global health security.  [[Page H4936]]    This is not a red or blue issue--this is an issue that impacts every  single person on the planet.   This legislation is endorsed by Modernizing Foreign Assistance  Network (MFAN), the ONE Campaign, Pandemic Action Network, RESULTS VA,  Right to Health Action and others. It is also supported by Centers for  Disease Control and USAID.   Global health crises are ongoing and increasing--it's only a matter  of time before the next one hits.   Saving lives from the next global pandemic starts with investing in  preparedness before it strikes.   Diseases do not respect borders, and global health crises have  immense security, economic, and humanitarian consequences.   With this legislation, the United States can be a leader on  preventing and responding to the next pandemic.   It is past time this legislation become law.    Madam Speaker, this amendment would provide welcome  accountability and transparency for our security cooperation training  programs.   It would require the Department of Defense and Department of State to  review the participants in security cooperation training programs from  the last ten years to determine if any of the participants were later  designated by the United States Government as human rights abusers,  terrorists, or military coup participants.   The amendment would require such reporting be updated on an annual  basis.   And, finally, it would create a reporting requirement to Congress for  any names submitted to the Departments by the Chair and Ranking Member  of the armed services and foreign affairs committees.   Earlier this year, it was reported that some of the members of the  kill squad that murdered and dismembered Jamal Khashoggi were trained  right here in the United States.   This is not something we found out through congressional reporting  requirements from the Department of Defense, Department of State or  public admissions from private sector contractors.   We found out because of reporting based on leaked documents.   It has also been reported that at least seven of the individuals who  helped assassinate the President of Haiti, Jovenel Moise, were trained  by the United States military.   The review and ongoing transparency required by this amendment would  provide welcome oversight of U.S. security cooperation programs and  ensure that our capacity building efforts are not working against  American interests or values.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2022 National Defense Authorization Act which would provide a  statutory framework for the Federal Risk and Authorization Management  Program, or FedRAMP, which was established administratively in 2011.   FedRAMP is a standardized approach to certifying and assessing in an  ongoing manner the security of cloud computing technologies used across  the federal government.   FedRAMP seeks to reduce the redundancies of federal cloud migration  by creating a ``certify once, reuse many times'' model for cloud  products and services that provide a cost-effective, risk-based  approach to cloud adoption.   This amendment would codify the FedRAMP program and address many of  the concerns raised by government and industry stakeholders.   For more than four years, I have worked with administrations under  both Democratic and Republican leadership, industry stakeholders, and  my friends on the other side of the aisle to ensure that the  legislative text behind this amendment makes needed improvements to the  FedRAMP program, but also gives the program flexibility to grow and  adopt to myriad future changes in cloud technologies.   This amendment supports a critical need to keep our nation's  information secure in cloud environments. It is an improvement for  agencies, for our private sector partners, and for taxpayers.   Enabling the efficient and secure procurement of cloud computing  technology is an important part of federal IT modernization efforts and  essential to the federal government's transition to a more virtual, but  secure posture.   The text behind this amendment has passed the House with bipartisan  support three times in the span of a year. Once under suspension by  voice vote in the 116th Congress, again as an amendment to the House  National Defense Authorization Act for FY2021, and again as a  standalone at the very beginning of the 117th Congress.   I want to thank the Ranking Member of the Oversight Committee, Mr.  Comer, for co-sponsoring this amendment with me.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2043's  inclusion in the National Defense Authorization Act.   I want to thank the distinguished Chairwoman of the Committee on  Oversight and Reform for working with Mr. Sarbanes and me to improve  the bicameral Periodically Listing Updates to Management (PLUM) Act.   And I want to thank Mr. Smith for including this provision in the  NDAA.   This provision builds on my previous efforts to make government more  transparent and accountable.   This provision seeks to update and modernize the ``Plum Book,'' which  is a publication that includes a comprehensive list of positions  appointed by the president and the individuals who hold those  positions.   Because it is published every four years, the Plum Book provides only  a snapshot in time and does not reflect changes that occur between  publications. The publication, therefore, is almost immediately  outdated.   Moreover, it is often inaccurate, listing positions that no longer  exist in government or missing newly-established ones.   To provide more timely, transparent, and accurate information, the  PLUM Act provisions would require: the Office of Personnel Management  (OPM) to develop and maintain a publicly accessible website with data  on senior leaders in government that meets modem data standards; all  federal agencies to share data on senior officials with OPM; and OPM to  coordinate with the White House every six months to confirm that  information is complete, accurate, reliable, and up to date.   Information on senior leaders in government is already available-- although you have to make a Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA,  request to get it.   OPM civil service regulations stipulate that certain information from  personnel records for current and former federal employees be available  to the public, including names, present and past position titles,  salaries, position descriptions, and duty stations.   The people we serve have a right to know who is serving them. And  they should not have to file endless information requests to get that  information.   And OPM guidance already provides exceptions to the release of the  names of individuals in sensitive national security positions.   The bill also begins federal efforts to track the demographics of our  senior leaders in federal government.   It also allows individuals to opt out of providing such demographic  data. So no potential applicant will be forced to share their  demographic information. It's voluntary and helps us determine whether  our nation's leadership reflects the population it serves.   The PLUM Act is about promoting accountability in our federal  government leaders. And it already strikes the right balance between  privacy and transparency.   In the 116th Congress, the PLUM Act was favorably reported out of the  House Committee on Oversight and Reform and the Senate Committee on  Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. This Congress, it's time  for enactment.   The PLUM Act implements Government Accountability Office  recommendations, and is endorsed by 24 bipartisan organizations and  experts.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation and urge its  inclusion in the NDAA.   