 Madam President, on Tuesday, the President of the United  States officially nominated Cornell Law Professor Saule Omarova to be  America's top banking regulator. She would be the Comptroller of the  Currency. The Comptroller of the Currency is the lead regulator of all  of our national banks.   Now, twice before today, I addressed her nomination on the Senate  floor--her then-prospective nomination. Now she has been nominated. And  I noted that Professor Omarova describes her own views as radical. For  example, Professor Omarova has written that she wants to ``radically  redefine the role of a central bank.'' She has also stated that her  proposals represent a ``radical departure from what we've been  conditioned to view as the `normal' state of play.''   Madam President, probably the only thing I can think of in all of her  writing that I agree with is her characterization of her views as  radical. Specifically, let me be clear about what is radical about her  whole approach. It is radical because she has a clear and obvious  aversion to democratic capitalism itself, in other words, the central  organizing principle of American society that we would be a free  society and that that would include economic freedom and economic  decisions can be made by free men and women pursuing their own  understanding of their self-interest.   Instead of that, she has a clear preference for an administrative  approach where decisions are not made by free men and women engaging  voluntarily in exchanges but, rather, by technocrats who are deemed to  know what is better for us than we could possibly know for ourselves.   The fact is, in my 11 years in Congress, I don't think I have seen a  more radical nominee for any regulatory spot in our entire Federal  Government. And I know that is a bold statement, but I stand by that.   Now, last month, I spoke about Professor Omarova's radical plan to  have the Federal Government set prices throughout our economy. She  wants the government to decide what people should pay for food and gas  and wages and home prices and many other things. That is pretty  radical.   Today, I want to focus on her radical proposal to nationalize the  U.S. banking system. So let me first start by observing that Professor  Omarova's plan to nationalize our financial system wasn't something  that she wrote decades ago or even years ago. In fact, I believe she  wrote it last year, and it was published in the Vanderbilt Law Review  just last month.  [[Page S7775]]    Professor Omarova's radical plan to nationalize financial services  was published just last month, and the paper was titled ``The People's  Ledger: How to Democratize Money and Finance the Economy.''   ``The People's Ledger.'' Not the people's Republic, mind you, but  ``The People's Ledger.'' That is her title for the paper.   In the paper, Professor Omarova outlined her plan to ``effectively  end banking as we know it.''   Now, that is a very strong statement. So what exactly does she mean  by this?   Well, she lays this out for us.   In her proposal, the Federal Government would become the retail bank  for every American. That is right. It has essentially two features. She  would have the creation of retail deposit accounts at the Fed for every  American citizen and the issuance of a central bank digital currency to  manage this in various ways.   The objective of this plan--these are her words--the objective is to  ``reimagine the role of a central bank as the ultimate public platform  for generating, modulating, and allocating financial resources in a  modern economy.'' Think about that. We want the central government to  be allocating financial resources in a modern economy. Those are not my  words; those are her words.   In its role as the ``ultimate public platform,'' according to  Professor Omarova, ``central bank accounts [would] fully replace-- rather than uneasily co-exist with--private bank deposits.'' These are  her words. She wants to fully replace all of the private accounts that  we have. So, in other words, if you have a bank account with a local  community bank, no more; couldn't have that uneasily--what is her  word?--uneasily coexisting. That would be replaced. Your money would be  with the Federal Reserve instead.   So Professor Omarova's view is to put the Fed in charge of handling  all of our bank deposits, all of our bank accounts. So when a hard- working American receives their paycheck every week, it doesn't go in  direct deposit to the community bank with which you are accustomed to  doing business; it would go to a government-controlled bank account  with the Fed.   Professor Omarova's proposal would ``envision the complete migration  of demand deposit accounts to the Fed's balance sheet.'' So lest anyone  suggest I am exaggerating about her plan to replace all banking, these  are her words: ``the complete migration of demand deposit accounts to  the Fed's balance sheet.''   Now, why does Professor Omarova propose that we destroy banking in  America and shift all deposit accounts from the innumerable private  institutions that we all use and do it all through the Fed? Well, one  reason she cites is to empower the Fed to directly distribute fiscal  stimulus and aid to worthy beneficiaries. I kind of wonder who the  radical left would consider to be sufficiently worthy to be a  beneficiary, but that is another whole topic.   Another justification that she offers for the Fed to control all  retail banking--really, for Fed to be America's sole retail bank--is so  that the Fed can more easily control the money supply.   This is very interesting. She provides a little insight into how she  envisions this because she says this would include ``implementing a  contractionary monetary policy by debiting'' consumers' accounts. Now,  she allows that this could ``be perceived as the government `taking  away' people's money.'' Why would people perceive it as the government  taking away people's money? Because that is exactly what she is saying  should be an option available to the Fed.   So specifically what she is saying is that all Americans' deposits  must be at the Fed. There can be no private banks. That would be an  uneasy coexistence we shouldn't tolerate. And then, if the Fed causes  inflation, which is the usual source of inflation, no problem--the Fed  can solve the problem by confiscating a little bit of the money from  everybody's accounts.   Imagine this. That is exactly what she is advocating. The Fed can  create inflation, but that is all right--we will give it a new tool to  solve the inflation problem: just confiscate the money from the  American citizens who are forced to put their money with the Fed. You  can't make this stuff up. This is what she is advocating.   That is not the only reason she wants the Fed to be everyone's bank.  She says it is to ``maximize [the Fed's] capacity to channel credit to  productive uses in the nation's economy.'' This is the definition of  ``socialist hubris.'' This is the definition of ``socialism''--the idea  that we have the government allocate the resources. Let the government  decide what is the productive way to use the resources of our society  rather than individual men and women by virtue of the exchanges they  voluntarily choose to engage in. She wants to substitute a centrally  managed, planned socialist economy for the free society that we have  today. There is no other way to characterize it.   Where has this ever worked? This is unbelievable. If it were  possible, which it is not, how would the Fed decide which are the  productive and the nonproductive uses? What about loans to energy  companies? Gee, I don't know. Is that productive or is that not  productive? Let's leave to it the Fed to decide. What could possibly go  wrong?   Here is another reason why it is very bad to force all Americans to  do their retail banking with a central government. It is the end to  privacy for Americans' financial transactions. That is over.   We remember just weeks ago the tremendous backlash against the idea  that banks would be required to report aggregate transaction  information to the IRS. I know I got buried with phone calls and  letters. I think we had 16,000 Pennsylvanians who reached out to my  office alone, urging Congress to reject that proposal. Can you imagine  what people will think of Professor Omarova's plan to force you to have  your whole bank account with the Fed?   Americans don't want the Federal Government monitoring their bank  accounts. I should think that would be obvious. They certainly don't  want the Federal Government having control over this.   Let me conclude with this: It is perfectly OK for academic  institutions and think tanks to have people espousing these socialist  ideas and spinning all different variations on these collectivists and  centrally planned and socialist themes. It is perfectly fine. That  should be debated. I am not in the camp that thinks you cancel someone  who has a different point of view from being able to articulate what  they believe in. But the idea that we would take someone who holds  these socialist views, who is so strongly anti-capitalism, and put that  person as the chief regulator of America's banks--that makes no sense  at all.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this nominee.   I yield the floor.   