 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to this  year's National Defense Authorization Act to help rein in a practice  that has existed from the 1990s known as the unfunded priorities list  or unfunded requirements list.   The practice originally had good intent, to allow some flexibility  for the Armed Services for issues that came up outside of the normal  appropriations process, but it has grown to become embedded to  encompass larger areas in the Pentagon budget that were never  considered to be part of that mandate at the time.   Mr. Speaker, we are getting out of Afghanistan. We have decided that  we are not going to be pursuing every war overseas, trying to protect  American servicemen and -women. Our budget should reflect that.   We have tried to be honest in our budget this year. The overseas  contingency budget has been eliminated. Let's be honest in our budget  request.   We go through an extensive process, both in the authorizing committee  of the Armed Services and in our Committee on Appropriations, to make  sure that the budget requests are reasonable and reflect the interests  of the American people and the congressional districts that we  represent.   Let's be honest here. The budget has changed. It is time to rein in  some of the spending. The Defense Department has showcased $125 billion  in waste and inefficiencies within its own budget. It is time to rein  that in. The unfunded requirement list, the unfunded priorities list,  is part of that.   My amendment does not eliminate it. I want to repeat that. It does  not eliminate it. It just restricts its use back to the services and  SOCOM, like it was originally intended. It still gives the Pentagon the  ability to showcase additional needs not included in the main budget  request, but it eliminates that budgetary creep that we have seen over  the past several years.   Mr. Speaker, this issue crosses party lines. Former Senate Armed  Services Committee Chairman John McCain said, ``I am not really big on  unfunded priority lists. I think they are sort of a backdoor way of  getting things done.''   We have actually seen what happens when the Pentagon stops this from  happening. With Roberts Gates as Secretary, we cut down on the use of  these UPLs drastically during his tenure, and the DOD budget continued  to operate just fine.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I think the good gentleman on the other  side of the aisle is confused. We are not talking about restricting the  appropriations process or the Armed Services Committee from making the  decisions and the priorities based on what is submitted by the Defense  Department agencies, as well as congressional districts themselves.   This merely just says, if we abide by some of the decisions, we  should abide by the decisions that are made by the Appropriations  Committee, as the good gentleman points out. Actually, abide by the  decisions that are made by the appropriators, based on their input, the  intel that was just described.   We are talking about the unfunded priorities list, which is basically  a slush fund for mission creep that we no longer need. We have to  respect the will of the people, the congressional districts that we  represent, and should abide by their wishes in our budgetary  allocations.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just point out, as Chairman  [[Page H4951]]  Smith said in last year's NDAA, some people believe that no matter what  you spend on the Pentagon and defense spending, you should always spend  more. And they are trying to push us down that road towards more, which  is wrong, because it is waste.   It is also wrong because it is bad for national security. We need to  make choices, not imagine that the budget is unlimited. Mr. Speaker, I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, very simply put, my colleagues and  friends, if the priorities did not make it into the largest piece of  the discretionary budget that we vote on, how big a priority can it  really be? Let's restrict, but not eliminate, the unfunded priorities  list.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   