 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, ahead of the last work period, Senator  Schumer, the majority leader, outlined his designed-to-fail agenda. He  forecasted a series of votes on legislation that stood zero chance of  actually passing--legislation to exploit the cause of pay fairness to  line the pockets of trial lawyers, to erode Americans' Second Amendment  rights, to force schools and hospitals to comply with ``woke'' social  norms, and, of course, the marquee bill, a partisan takeover of our  elections.   It was obvious from the outset that this agenda wasn't designed to  achieve results. It takes bipartisanship. It takes rolling up your  sleeves and working to build bipartisan consensus to get things done in  the Senate--especially so in an equally divided Senate as we have now.   Rather than put forward a number of bills that would earn that sort  of bipartisan support and actually pass, Senator Schumer chose to spend  most of the Senate's time last month putting on a show for the so- called progressive base of his party, and I expect even more political  theater this month.   So in the next few weeks, we are told, our Democratic colleagues will  put their dual-track legislative approach to the test. One of those  tracks will include a heavy dose of bipartisanship, and that is  something I applaud.   Contrary to public opinion, Republicans and Democrats in the Senate  spend a lot of time working together. So far this year, we have worked  together to counter threats from China, support small businesses  impacted by the pandemic, and combat the increase in hate crimes  against Asian Americans. We have done all of that together in a  bipartisan way. Bipartisan solutions are also being crafted to address  other major issues, from the border crisis, to drug pricing, to police  reform.   In the coming weeks, the Senate is expected to vote on one of those  bipartisan agreements; that is, to rebuild and maintain our Nation's  infrastructure. The process that brought us to this point certainly has  been a roller coaster. After weeks of back-and-forth negotiations, a  group of more than 20 Senators reached an agreement with the White  House just last month. But here is when things got very strange. Within  minutes of the announcement, the President himself put the fate of that  agreement into question. He said he wouldn't sign the bill unless  Democrats paired it with a multitrillion-dollar reconciliation bill  that would include a smorgasbord of leftist spending priorities and  trillions in higher taxes and more debt for Americans. Talk about  whiplash. Both Republicans and Democrats were caught off guard. That  hadn't been part of the discussions or negotiation. That isn't what  they said they agreed to.   Well, the reversal and unexpected announcement from the President  that, even though they were announcing a deal, they didn't have a deal,  prompted a weekend press cleanup, and the President issued a lengthy  statement clarifying that it was not a veto threat. But we have no  reason to suspect that the larger sentiment has changed.   In a letter to his Democratic colleagues last Friday, the majority  leader, Senator Schumer, said the Senate will consider both the  bipartisan deal on infrastructure and the partisan budget resolution  with reconciliation instructions. The bipartisan deal is very much tied  to the fate of a completely partisan reconciliation bill,  notwithstanding President Biden's cleanup after his unexpected  announcement at the White House.   Our Democratic colleagues don't have to listen to me, but I do  believe they would be wise to avoid this path. They already went on a  nearly $2 trillion spending binge earlier this year and sidelined every  single Republican in the Congress during the process.   They tried to bill this ultrapartisan legislation as COVID-19 relief,  but we all know that only about 10 percent of the bill was directly  related to the pandemic and only 1 percent was tied to vaccinating the  American people. The rest, 90 percent, was exactly the type of thing  you would expect to see in a bill that has only the support of our  Democratic colleagues--funding for climate justice, backdoor money for  Planned Parenthood, and more funding for State and local governments  than they know what to do with. Blue States are using that money to pay  down old debts with the funding. Our Democratic colleagues claim that  money was necessary for pandemic relief, but that is not what it is  being used for.   So how are we faring after Democrats passed this bill? Did the  American Rescue Plan truly rescue America? Well, when it comes to the  virus, the answer is clearly no. As I said, only a small portion of  this massive spending supported our fight against COVID-19.   When this bill was signed into law, the majority of frontline workers  had already been vaccinated, and vaccine makers were working as quickly  as possible to supply the rest of the American people who wanted them  with shots. Today, two-thirds of adults in America have received at  least one dose of the vaccine--two-thirds. That progress came because  of the bipartisan work that happened last year, not this year.    This legislation certainly didn't rescue our already sluggish  economy. In fact, it has created more hurdles for our economy.  Democrats created an incentive for workers to remain on the sidelines  of the labor market through the end of September by offering enhanced  Federal bonuses to State unemployment.   In Texas, for example, businesses of all types have struggled to find  willing workers. For every industry, from hospitality, to retail, to  manufacturing, to energy, ``Help Wanted'' signs can be found everywhere  across my State, and we are not alone. One restaurant owner said the  government has been its biggest competitor when it comes to finding  workers.   The labor squeeze has become so tight that half of the States,  including Texas, ended the supplemental unemployment benefits early  because they were not compensating people who couldn't work or couldn't  find work but paying people more than they would earn if they did work  when jobs were readily available.   Those are just the problems that have been created with the labor  market. Families across the country have felt the sting of inflation as  they have paid higher prices on everything from gasoline to groceries.  This is exactly the scenario outlined by economists across the country,  including those who call themselves Democrats, people like Larry  Summers, who served as Treasury Secretary under President Clinton and  Director of the National Economic Council under President Obama. He was  among the first to warn about inflation or rising costs for consumers,  and, boy, you must have thought he was a skunk at the garden party.   You would think this might serve as a lesson to our Democratic  colleagues about shoveling money out the door as fast as they can, even  when it creates massive debt and the threat of more inflation, but here  we are once again. Our Democratic colleagues are preparing to spend  trillions more dollars on top of the trillions of dollars we have  already spent on a bipartisan basis to combat the virus but then  afterwards to spend  [[Page S4815]]  more money on their chosen political priorities and not on the  pandemic. They want to now add additional trillions of dollars to that  debt and to that spending, risking even more dangerous and volatile  inflation.   The details of what this round of spending might look like are still  coming together, but we know that if the chairman of the Budget  Committee, Bernie Sanders, has his wish, the price tag could come out  as high as $6 trillion more. Six trillion dollars is a quarter of our  gross domestic product. If you convert our country's World War II  spending to today's dollars, it only comes out to $4.4 trillion. So the  Democratic chairman of the Budget Committee wants to spend more money  than we spent to defeat Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan during World  War II.   But I want to be clear about another thing. This so-called human  infrastructure plan, which is just made-up words indicating that they  are trying to mask the reality of what they want to spend money on--it  is not about bridges and roads. It is not about broadband, things that  we all understand are truly infrastructure. It is about a long list of  political spending preferences, and it certainly can't be compared to  spending the money we needed in order to win World War II.   For example, they want to spend trillions and trillions of dollars  more on Medicare expansion, electric vehicle chargers, home-based care,  free college, and a long list of liberal priorities. We are happy to  debate those but not to jam them in a $6 trillion spending package.   All of this spending would be in addition to the more than $1  trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill that apparently is currently  being drafted. I know we have been talking for weeks about a bipartisan  infrastructure bill, but I have learned as recently as today that there  is no bill text, and the Congressional Budget Office that scores these  bills has not done so yet so we can determine whether the so-called  pay-fors are, indeed, legitimate and stand up to scrutiny.   Our national debt is at the highest level since World War II. This is  not the time to spend and spend and spend until our grandkids are left  sitting in a pile of debt so deep that they will have no hope of  climbing out of it. And we certainly can't tax and spend our way to  prosperity. We need to take a hard look at our spending habits and make  some tough choices, like most American families. They have to decide:  What are my priorities, and what are the resources I have to spend to  fund those priorities? And that is exactly what we need to do here in  Congress.    Folks on both sides of the aisle want to rebuild our Nation's  infrastructure. Rebuilding resilient roads, bridges, and broadband are  top of mind for Republicans and Democrats. I know our colleagues are  still working on text, as I said, for the bipartisan infrastructure  deal, and I am eager to see the details on how this massive investment  is paid for. But, again, this is only one-half of the so-called dual- track process announced by Senator Schumer.   The exorbitant pricetags being floated for the second track have  raised serious concerns not just among folks on this side of the aisle  but on both sides of the aisle.   I sincerely hope that some of our colleagues on the other side will  stand up against irresponsible spending. As we know, it takes just one  Democratic Senator to stand in the way of this abuse of the  reconciliation process, and I hope one or more of them will have the  courage to do so.   I yield the floor.   