 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and fellow  Rules Committee member, Representative Fischbach, for allowing me the  time.   Mr. Speaker, I really believe that the issue before us today comes  down to a very simple question, and that is, what is the legislative  purpose of the Select Committee subpoena on a private citizen. This is  a very narrow legal issue.   And what the courts have held is that Congress has the power to  secure information ``in order to legislate.'' So in other words,  Congress's subpoena authority is valid only if it relates to the  furtherance of a legitimate task of Congress.   Now, according to the Select Committee's own press release, the  committee is attempting to tell a story and to find out what happened  that day. But the courts have already determined that that is not a  valid legislative purpose.   In the 1957 decision, Watkins v. The United States, the Court held  that Congress has ``no general authority to expose the private affairs  of individuals without justification in terms of the functions of  Congress.'' Additionally, the quote went on in that case to say  Congress cannot investigate private citizens for ``the sake of  exposure.''   So then what is the legislative purpose before us today? What is the  legislative purpose of a subpoena on a private citizen, including 11  individuals who merely filed and were granted permits to exercise their  First Amendment rights to assemble and to petition the government? This  cannot be perceived as an investigation and still fit within the  framework of case law.   Again, let's be clear, the law is crystal clear here. If Congress  does not have a legitimate legislative function, they simply cannot  subpoena a private individual.   Now, the Constitution gives those powers to the executive and the  judiciary branch. They don't give that power to Congress. So I can,  therefore, only conclude that the purpose of the resolution before us  today is to fulfill a partisan agenda.   If the Select Committee was actually serious about conducting a  legitimate oversight, they would subpoena the former House Sergeant at  Arms and the former head of the D.C. National Guard. That would be an  investigation within the clear purpose of Congress and within the  delegated power that we have in the Constitution.   Instead, we are here voting on a resolution with absolutely no  legislative purpose. We are also setting a dangerous precedent that  will have a chilling effect on the rights of private citizens in the  future.   