 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when I first ran for Congress in 2010,  then-Vice President Biden was on a ``recovery summer'' tour. You see,  on the heels of a trillion-dollar stimulus package, he argued millions  of jobs would magically appear.   Happy days are here again.   When that summer ended, the unemployment rate was 9.4 percent, and  280,000 jobs vanished. If ever there was a show that did not deserve a  sequel, this was it. But that is exactly what the American people are  living through right now.   When they passed their $1.9 trillion ``son of stimulus'' package  earlier this year, the President and his friends in Congress promised  millions of jobs and another summer of recovery. Like the original,  this sequel is a flop. That is because, once again, our friends across  the aisle are confusing taxpayer priorities with a liberal wish list.   I see at home the cost of living is rising for Hoosier families and  job creators. You take a trip to my hometown grocery in Greenwood, IN,  the cost of steak and chicken and bread have all increased. Across the  board, the cost of putting food on the table has gone up over 5 percent  since last year.   It is not just groceries. The cost of gas and energy and housing and  household goods are at historic highs, all while America endures a  nationwide crime wave and our borders are overrun.   Now, I know my Democratic colleagues don't want to use the I-word,  but let's call it what it is: Inflation. Taxation without legislation.  And inflation is at its highest level since 2008.   We know they want to raise taxes on Americans, including those in the  middle class, but this is probably not what Democrats had in mind.   But the President, evidently, he is not worried. He says the rising  cost of living is only temporary. It is transitory.   Look, this is easy for him to say. His pocketbook isn't impacted by  inflation. He isn't buying groceries at the local grocery store or a  new fridge for the White House. He is not gassing up the Presidential  limousine. Maybe that explains why he is urging Congress to spend  another $3.5 trillion taxpayer dollars--$10 billion here for  environmental justice, $174 billion there for electric cars, a massive  expansion of Medicare and Medicaid, and trillions more in taxes on  American families as we emerge from a global pandemic.   Trust me, I can tell you, Hoosiers don't want any of that, nor do the  majority of the American people: no more trillion-dollar tax-and-spend  rescue plans. They aren't rescuing Americans; they are raising their  cost of living.   Don't take it from me. Take it from Larry Summers, President Obama's  economic adviser. He is warning President Biden about inflation--has  been for a number of months. In fact, he described recent fiscal  macroeconomic policy, including the last round of nearly $2 trillion in  stimulus as ``the least responsible fiscal macroeconomic policy we've  had in the last 40 years.'' With friends like these--but, you know, he  speaks the truth.   I wish the President would listen to Secretary Summers. He certainly  won't listen to us. We are not arguing for inaction, though. In fact,  we are willing to collaborate. We know there is need for targeted and  responsible government spending tied to actual results on core  infrastructure, on workforce training, on cutting-edge technology.   We just believe that every taxpayer dollar is a sacred trust, and we  should treat it accordingly. If we are going to invest it, the American  people better see returns. What they are seeing in the Democrats' $3.5  trillion budget proposal is a rerun of a failed trillion-dollar tax- and-spend spectacle from just a decade ago.   Now, the final act of that show, by the way, was not recovery. It was  the American people handing control of the House of Representatives  over to the Republican Party. The President  [[Page S5903]]  should keep that in mind. The President should keep that in mind.   I yield the floor   