 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. Bost), my great friend, for yielding me time.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the PAWS for Veterans  Therapy Act.   I am a proud original cosponsor on General Stivers' bill. This  bipartisan bill supports veterans who are suffering from TBI and PTSD,  and it helps them to live better and more fulfilling lives. And it does  this with the assistance of man's best friend.   Dog owners around the world will tell you of the special connection  between humans and their canine companions. The PAWS for Veterans  Therapy Act harnesses that unique bond in a way to serve those who have  suffered the invisible injuries of war.  [[Page H2215]]    Service dogs have already been established as a proven therapy for  PTSD and other related challenges. Today's legislation not only would  allow these veterans to adopt a service dog but also give them the  opportunity to take part in the training of that dog.   Simply put, the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act will save lives.   I have seen firsthand what a service dog can mean to a veteran  struggling with PTSD. In northeast Florida, we are blessed to have a  group called K9s for Warriors, which pairs trained service dogs with  veterans.   During my visits to K9s for Warriors, I have often had the  opportunity to speak with these veterans and listen to their personal  testimonies of survival. Many have told me: But for that dog, I would  be dead today.    Last Congress, we passed the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act out of the  House, but we were not successful in getting it through the Senate.  That means, with around 20 veterans taking their lives each day, we  have since lost 7,300 veterans' lives since we passed it last year.   We cannot allow that to happen again. I call on the Senate to join  the House and pass this bill and get it to the President's desk to  become law.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge defeat of the previous question so that  we can immediately consider the Protect and Serve Act, my bipartisan  bill to increase penalties for individuals who deliberately target law  enforcement officers with violence.   Throughout my 40 years of law enforcement, including 12 as sheriff, I  have seen firsthand the dangerous situations our men and women in law  enforcement face every day. In Jacksonville, in fact, our memorial wall  is filled with the names of many good police officers who laid down  their lives in service to their community.   This Police Week, we are honoring the memory of the 394 officers our  Nation lost last year. We pause to remember their sacrifice and pledge  to support policies that keep our officers  [[Page H2231]]  safe. These policies should include harsh penalties for violence  targeted against our men and women in blue.   When I first introduced the Protect and Serve Act in 2018, it was  overwhelmingly passed by the House 382-35.   Police Week has always been a unifying time to honor those lost, but  now, now the majority will barely acknowledge it.    What is going on?   I think the answer is simple. Supporting our police has become  unpopular in the Democratic Party. Pressure from online radicals,  political pundits who have never worn a badge, never been on a ride- along, they are dictating what policies the House majority will  support.   To make matters worse, House Democrats are pushing a police reform  bill right now that eliminates qualified immunity, the lifeblood of law  enforcement. Mr. Speaker, without qualified immunity, the entire  profession would end as we know it today.   It makes you wonder if that is their goal: End local law enforcement  and replace it with a national police force similar to almost every  socialist country in the world.   Regardless, the growing antipolice rhetoric and widespread efforts to  defund police departments are leaving officers increasingly at risk to  attacks in communities less safe.   As mentioned earlier, we are not even halfway through 2021 and we  have already seen more police officers shot this year than all of last  year. Meanwhile, as mentioned earlier, American cities are experiencing  a spike in violent crime. The U.S. surpassed 20,000 murders last year  for the first time since 1995. And just this year, shootings in  Chicago, up 43 percent; New York City, Los Angeles, up 36 percent;  Washington, D.C., homicide up 63 percent.   Mr. Speaker, it turns out if you demoralize, defund, and delegitimize  the police, crime goes up. I know many of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle do support law enforcement. I know that. In fact, I  know that a particular few even have backgrounds in law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, so this is what I would like to impart to my Democrat  colleagues: Here is your chance to say during Police Week that you  support our law enforcement officers. Vote for my bill, the Protect and  Serve Act, just like you did in 2018, and show your constituent police  officers that you have their backs.   