 Mr. Speaker, as the original sponsor of H.R. 5608, the  Chronic Wasting Disease Research and Management Act, I rise in strong  support of this legislation, which did pass unanimously out of the  Agriculture Committee. I do thank and commend my good friend and  colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson) for being one of the  original sponsors of this legislation with me; of course, my dear  friend, the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Mr. Scott, for his  support and leadership.   Throughout the years, I have been involved in a lot of debates and  discussions on the House floor. I don't think I have ever been brought  to blushing, and I thank the chairman for his kind introductory remarks  and, of course, I thank my dear friend from South Dakota (Mr. Johnson)  for those remarks.   Mr. Speaker, but to the task at hand, this legislation does authorize  $70 million for research and management of  [[Page H7494]]  CWD, or chronic wasting disease, through USDA grants. Chronic wasting  disease is a contagious neurological disease affecting cervid animals-- deer, elk, moose--and it is 100 percent fatal. And it is caused by  misfolded proteins, or prions, as they are known, that ravages the  animal's brain.   The legislation also authorizes USDA and State and Tribal agencies to  develop educational materials to inform the public on CWD and directs  USDA to review its certification program within 18 months.   CWD has been reported in over 25 States and is spreading. It not only  is devastating to these animals and their herds but also to the outdoor  recreation economy; namely, hunting, that depends on these animals.   Fortunately, the CDC has not found any jump from these animals to  humans, and that is one of the reasons why we need further research to  ensure that that does not happen. CWD presents one of the greatest  threats to deer and other wild cervids in the United States and it has  no known cure.   We have been battling this disease in Wisconsin for many years out of  concern for the wildlife population and the adverse economic impact  that it has, which is substantial. Hunters in Wisconsin have about $2.5  billion yearly economic impact, supports directly or indirectly over  35,000 jobs, and generates billions in salaries and wages.   Last year, 131 out-of-State hunters came into the State of Wisconsin  just to participate in the 9-day deer gun hunt season, which always  takes place during the week of Thanksgiving. They spent about $3.4  million. Nationwide, according to the International Association of Fish  and Wildlife Agencies, hunting in America is big business, generating  more than $67 billion in economic output and over 1 million jobs.   Now, we can stand here and throw more facts and figures about the  economic toll the CWD is having, but as a kid who grew up loving to  hunt in Wisconsin with my dad and my brothers--deer hunting, turkey  hunting, duck hunting on the Mississippi, now we do most of our deer  and turkey hunting on the family farm, a little bit north of La Crosse.  It is much more than just economics and jobs and the amount being spent  by hunters and the amount of revenue that we raise through the  Robinson-Patman Act, which is collected and then reinvested in vital  conservation programs throughout the country. It is part of our DNA,  our heritage, our culture.    One of the most alluring aspects of the 9-day deer gun hunt season  isn't the actual hunt itself, it is deer camp. It is being able to  spend some time with your family, brothers, families, cousin, play some  poker, razz each other for the weekend. And then that next morning,  opening morning, you have over 800,000 hunters flooding the fields and  forests of Wisconsin. Sometimes it feels like the third day of the  Battle of Gettysburg, the number of shots going off. I perhaps  overstate that, but it is a real communal activity that brings people  together and still one of the bonding elements, I think, that  transcends the politics and the tribal nature of politics today. So it  is important in that regard as well.   We have tried some self-help measures in Wisconsin to try to battle  the spread of CWD, from free, clear firing zones, increase prohibition  on baiting and feeding deer, to an earn a buck program, where you have  to shoot a doe first before you can shoot a buck. All these are wildly  unpopular with hunters because they are meant to try to reduce the deer  herds and prevent the congregation and the spread of the disease from  animal to animal.   That is why, again, I think this research is important. And there has  been some good research taking place on prion disease generally in CWD,  places like UW-Wisconsin and Washington and other areas. This  legislation will enable that type of open-source research and  collaboration to take place with increased vigor and focus, which again  is long overdue before it spreads even further into more States  adversely affecting the wildlife herds and the economy of those States.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is necessary to expand the basic and  applied research that we see taking place that can be further enhanced,  and also to better detect the spread of this disease, find out better  management and containment strategies, and ultimately lead to a cure of  the disease.   I do thank the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation, Jeff Crane, and  his team over there, for his support and help with this legislation.  They have been terrific to work with, as a former chair of the  Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus here in Congress.   I thank Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, the National  Wildlife Federation, the Boone & Crockett National Deer Association,  North American Deer Farmers Association, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation,  Mule Deer Foundation, Wildlife Management Institute, Backcountry  Hunters and Anglers--many people, many groups, many members that have a  vested interest in making sure we do this research right.   Mr. Speaker, I think the legislation is self-evident of the need. I  encourage my colleagues to support it. And I conclude by thanking  Olivia Kirchberg on my office staff who has been instrumental in  helping us get the bipartisan, unanimous support for this legislation  that it has enjoyed, and we look forward to working with the Senate for  its passage there.   