 Madam President, I rise today to recognize the  extraordinary work of the teachers in Arkansas and across the country.   As we prepare to celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week, it is clear  that educators are in a class by themselves when it comes to  resilience. Over the last 12 months, they have shown us what it means  to be selfless and brave at a time when both were critically necessary.   I am especially proud of teachers in Arkansas who rose to the  challenge of leading classes 100 percent virtually for the first time  and then embraced reopening our schools in August 2020. The sudden  transition to virtual learning was an extraordinary hurdle, as  educators had to learn new technology and new teaching techniques  overnight.   For all of us who have learned to use Zoom, it is worth taking a  moment to imagine an online classroom with 30 wiggling first graders  who want to show you their pets, or that you are teaching calculus to  high school students who are preparing for an AP exam while attending  class from their car at a Wi-Fi hotspot. Somehow, with great creativity  and dedication, teachers embraced this mission and continued to do  everything they could to reach each child.   When Arkansas schools reopened in the fall, they were faced with a  tremendous new challenge, from masks and social distancing to teaching  classes, where some students were at their desks and others were on the  screen. Arkansas teachers, once again, did the impossible for their  students.   Over the last year, I have heard from educators who worried for their  own health and safety but said their dedication to their students was  stronger than fear. They learned new skills literally overnight,  overhauled the curriculum, and reimagined every aspect of their  classroom to comply with COVID-19 guidelines. Somehow, they also made  our kids feel safe--safe enough to learn, set an example with their  positive attitudes, and let students know how important they were,  whether in the classroom or on a computer screen.   As they worked to maintain the academic progress of each child, they  also provided a lifeline in an otherwise chaotic time. It is amazing to  see the smiles on faces of the kids when they see their teachers. Even  though nothing was normal, they gave students an escape back to  normalcy by being there and continuing to do what they do best--teach.   When we look back at the heroes of this tumultuous time, it is clear  that teachers will be among those we honor as society's most valuable  players.   On behalf of the people of Arkansas, I want to thank our teachers for  the great work that they have done this year and every year to bring  out the best in each child and pave the way to a brighter future.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   