 It is frustrating, I know, to see such an incredible  action taken, where we have made a difference, where the child tax  credit already has had a significant impact. The Columbia Center on  Poverty found that the October payment of the expanded child tax credit  helped ensure 3.6 million American children--3.6 million American  children--are no longer living below the poverty line.   What does that mean? When a child is raised above the poverty line,  their horizons are transformed. It actually saves an incredible amount  of taxpayer dollars. For every dollar we spend bringing a child above  the poverty line, we return $7 back to our economy.   But it is deeper than that. There is a moral urgency. Children below  the poverty line have so many more challenges. Their horizons are  constrained, their life outcomes are lessened.   Above the poverty line, our children start to exhibit their genius.  Children raised above the poverty line have higher lifetime earnings.  They have lower medical costs. Children above the poverty line are less  likely to go to the hospital, less likely to get in trouble with the  police. Children above the poverty line have less inhibitions with  their contributions to this country.   I, too, like my dear friend Senator Brown, have heard lots from  people in my State about what this little bit of money in their bank  accounts--how that little bit of investment makes a transformation in  the lives of those families.   Take Kelly in Pitman, NJ. She was forced to quit her job when her  children's school and daycare closed due to the pandemic. She hasn't  been able to return to work without reliable childcare, and the child  tax credit is helping her family. It is helping to make up costs that  were lost when she lost her income. It is helping her provide for her  children. It is that little bit of help by returning those tax dollars  which she has paid in--she is getting more out now--and helping that  family.   Take Stacey in Kearny, NJ, the child tax credit payments were a  lifeline and helped her and her husband keep their family afloat during  this pandemic, during this crisis. She was indefinitely furloughed, and  Stacey used those payments to send her two daughters back to preschool.   Well, we know the evidence is in. Sending her two daughters back to  preschool means her children will do better in school, are more likely  to go to college, have higher lifetime earnings, more success that  inures to the benefit of us all in society.   Senator after Senator, on both sides of the aisle, has thousands of  these stories about what getting more of their hard-earned tax money  back means. In a nation where we have seen the tax cuts of the last  decade inure overwhelmingly to the richest of the rich, this was the  first tax cut in my lifetime--the biggest of the tax cuts in my  lifetime that went overwhelmingly to middle-class families, working- class families, low-income families.   And now it sits on a precipice. As many people are aware, tomorrow is  the last day that these payments are scheduled to go out to families  like Kelly's and families like Stacy's and millions of families across  this country.   The changes we made to the child tax credit will expire. Struggling  Americans, working Americans, middle-class Americans will not receive  that payment in January, unless this body acts.   To prevent this from happening, to make sure families continue to get  more of their tax dollars back and have greater security, hope in  challenging times, Congress can pass the Build Back Better Act, which  includes the extension of the child tax credit payments, which are  lowering costs for American middle-class, working-class, and low-income  families.   Now, I know there is concern being raised about the Build Back Better  legislation today, but I urge my colleagues to understand the high cost  of inaction.   First and foremost, letting this program expire will raise costs for  families at the very worst time. With the cost of gas and groceries  going up, a tax increase, which is effectively what  [[Page S9140]]  this would be, would mean millions of families in difficult times would  have it be harder to make ends meet, to make those kitchen table  economics work out.   It will add burdens to people at a time we should be lifting them, at  a time that we should be providing relief. And, again, it is not just  working-class families, middle-class families. It is children living in  that moral obscenity, that dark place within our society that is termed  ``child poverty''.   The cost of inaction for all of those children, the cost to our  society overall of having children grow up in poverty is $1.1  trillion--$1.1 trillion. That is what poverty costs.   But there is a moral cost that is greater than that. There is a moral  obscenity that we are experiencing right now, a stain on the soul of  our Nation that we have without this tax credit--the highest child  poverty rates of all of our industrial peers.   This is a moral moment in America. Our inaction will plunge our  Nation back with millions of families facing crisis. We have seen this  body act in difficult times before. We have seen us invest in people.  We have seen us stand up for children. My worry now is that tomorrow  will be the last day, unless we stand up and act.   I join my colleagues Senator Brown, Senator Bennet, and I join my  colleagues Senator Kaine, Senator Warnock in calling us to meet this  moment, to meet the moral urgency of now, and to please make sure that  before this body leaves for the holidays, that for those families who  are in stress and economic strain, those families who are worrying  about what will happen next month, that we show them that we care, that  we show them that we are fiscally prudent, and we make the best  investment possible in America. It is not a stock or a bond. The best  investment we can make is making sure the child tax credit continues  because it is an investment in our children.   I yield the floor.   