 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at the end  of my remarks the Senator from Oklahoma, Senator Inhofe, be recognized.    Madam President, on Wednesday, just moments after Joe  Biden took office, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs sanctioned 28  members of the outgoing administration, including Secretary of State  Mike Pompeo, National Security Advisor Robert O'Brien, and UN  Ambassador Kelly Craft.   According to Chinese State media, these Trump administration  officials were guilty of ``crazy moves which gravely interfered in  China's internal affairs.'' Those ``crazy moves'' include presumably  condemning the Chinese Communist Party's genocidal campaign against  religious minorities in Xinjiang Province or its atheistic crackdown on  Chinese Christians. In addition to interfering, these officials  allegedly offended the Chinese people and seriously disrupted U.S.- China relations. I guess that refers to some, such as Secretary of  Health and Human Services Alex Azar, who traveled to Taiwan.   Under the new sanctions, these officials are now barred from entering  China, but more important and more ominous, institutions associated  with them are also restricted from doing business with China.   Now, it is tempting to laugh off these sanctions, as I did last  summer when China sanctioned me. You know you won't have a second  honeymoon in Wuhan or you will have to vacation in a nongenocidal  country.   But these sanctions are no laughing matter. They are not bluster.  They are another step in China's long-term campaign to coerce Americans  at every level of government and business. They are a direct attack on  the independence of U.S. policy toward China and an attempt to  blackmail the Biden administration with personal financial ruin in the  future if they dare to stand up to the Chinese Communist Party.   Some may start to think about the potential damage to their future,  and they may start to sweat a little bit. Now, you may say: Good. I am  glad that former government officials can't cash in on their service  and go to influence-peddling firms like WestExec or Albright  Stonebridge and sell access to the Chinese.   I might even agree with that point, but consider a few other  hypotheticals. The Chinese State media singled out book publishers as  just one example of who could pay the price. Many public officials like  to write memoirs, and these memoirs often add a lot to our  understanding of current events, but Chinese State media singled out  book publishers as an example of companies that would be banned from  China if they associated with sanctioned individuals.   In fact, China has already used American books as pawns in the trade  war with the United States. So will major publishing houses really risk  losing access to the Chinese market for all their other titles to  strike a book deal with, say, a former Biden Cabinet official who was  tough on China and ended up getting sanctioned? It is unclear but, I  would say, doubtful.   Other public officials practice at big law firms. And I know that we  all make jokes about lawyers, but it is an honorable profession. There  is nothing wrong with practicing at a big law firm, and they may plan  to return to their firms after the administration is over. A lot of  those firms have clients with close ties to China. And even if a former  public official has no client with any business in China, will those  law firms really take back their old employees if it means potentially  losing valuable clients who are afraid of angering the Chinese  Communist Party? Again, I would say it is unclear but, perhaps,  doubtful.   Once you consider these hypotheticals and others that don't involve  influence peddling or anything untoward, you can begin to see the  insidious consequences of these new sanctions. Beijing wants to scare  the Biden administration into doing its bidding, and they want to scare  U.S. businesses into blacklisting any official who irritates the  Chinese Communist Party.   Therefore, I call on the Biden administration to treat these  sanctions as a day-one assault on the independence of its foreign  policy by denouncing this intimidation in the strongest possible terms.   But as the Chinese Communist Party is determined to prove, actions  speak louder than words, so I also call upon President Biden to act  reciprocally by sanctioning Chinese officials who are responsible for  this blackmail campaign against his administration.   Those officials shouldn't be able to ferret away their fortunes in  the U.S. banking system the way so many corrupt Chinese oligarchs do,  nor should  [[Page S100]]  their princeling children get degrees from our top universities or  internships at prestigious Washington think tanks.   President Biden should also refuse to nominate for senior positions  individuals who are professionally or financially entangled with China,  who could be compromised by the mere threat of sanctions.   Finally, President Biden should determine whether Chinese Ambassador  Cui Tiankai was involved in these sanctions, and if so, he should be  expelled immediately for this egregious effort to subvert American  foreign policy.   And that is just for the short term. America must also begin to  disentangle our economy from China, to decouple our economies. The  Chinese Communist Party sanctions pose a threat only because American  society is so deeply compromised by Chinese influence.   American corporations, the big banks, think tanks, universities, film  studios, even our sports leagues--even LeBron James--are all addicted  to Chinese cash. They are all part of a new China lobby that is deeply  invested in the status quo and, thus, hostile to any efforts to  redefine U.S.-China relations in America's interest.   This lobby makes their money in China. They make their products in  China. They have made their bed in China, and now they are all  vulnerable to pressure from the Chinese Government.   America hasn't been in such a bind since our earliest days, when our  young Republic was encircled by hostile imperial powers.   Even during the Cold War, America had few entanglements of the sort  we face today. The United States had very little trade with the  Russians. We competed in separate lanes, like runners in a race.   The new Cold War with China isn't so orderly. Communist China is  wealthier and has more people than did Soviet Russia, and our economies  have become deeply entangled. These new sanctions are just the latest  example of how that entanglement threatens our security and prosperity.   Here is how the United States can beat China in this strategic  competition. First, the United States should impose restrictions on  inbound and outbound investment with China. Wall Street has financed  China's industrial and technological development for more than four  decades and has become compromised for the bargain. That has to end.   Second, the United States should move supply chains for critical  goods, such as semiconductors and pharmaceuticals, out of China and  back to American soil. China, today, may be the so-called factory of  the world, but it was corporate America, with its Army of bankers and  lawyers and consultants, who built that factory. That has got to end as  well.   Third, the United States must restrict the flow of knowledge and  advanced technology between our country and China. American colleges,  universities, and research laboratories are the finest in the world,  but they allow Chinese nationalists to participate, even in cutting- edge research with military applications. This research has an alarming  tendency to end up in China, in the weapons fielded by the People's  Liberation Army against our own troops. That information pipeline needs  to be shut off, and many of those Chinese nationalists need to go.   None of these steps will be easy, but the Chinese Communist Party's  punitive sanctions against Trump administration officials and his  blackmail campaign against the Biden administration officials  demonstrate that decoupling our economies is both necessary and urgent.   The Communists in Beijing have lulled too many Americans into  complacency and dependency over the course of many years. They now  intend to blackmail even our government into inaction. Our intention  must be different. The United States must break free of the Chinese  Communist's suffocating grasp, fight back, and win.   I yield the floor.   