 Mr. President, I rise--I want to thank Senator Schatz for  making that motion and his fight for these nominees to get the  government running, when the chairman of the Senate Republican Campaign  Committee and others continue to block one nominee after another  nominee after another nominee.   I rise to honor an Ohio public servant who is retiring this month  after 32 years of service on the bench in Northeast Ohio.   Judge Patrick Carroll, whom I knew 30 years ago before he was on the  bench, as a--just a good citizen of Cuyahoga County, has dedicated his  life to serving Ohioans, including serving as Lakewood Municipal Court  Judge for some three decades.   He grew up in Northeast Ohio. Judge Carroll spent his life in the  community, from Cleveland State to the Cleveland-Marshall College of  Law, to the county prosecutor's office, to the local bench.   He not only served the public in the courtroom, he has been a  lifelong teacher--by many different definitions--mentoring young  attorneys and judges at his law school and then on the faculty of the  Ohio Judicial College.   Twice in the last 3 years, Judge Carroll received the President's  Award for Judicial Excellence from the Association of Municipal and  County Court Judges of Ohio.   I had the privilege of joining him earlier this fall, along with Ohio  Supreme Court Chief Justice Maureen O'Connor, for a bipartisan event of  highlighting the innovative work that they were both doing.   Judge Carroll--the innovative work that they have done preventing  evictions during the pandemic helped get the word out to more Ohio  judges about what they can do to connect Ohio with the emergency rental  assistance that we provided back months ago from the Congress.   In the American Rescue Plan, we provided grants to State and local  governments for emergency rental and utility assistance to families  across the country. The last thing we wanted was a wave of evictions  during the health crisis. We know people move in with family members,  the COVID spreads even faster. We know that happened too often.   This eviction prevention effort was a lifeline for so many families  that that might have happened to.   We know what it does to families even during normal times. Think  about the upheaval that that causes, especially for children. Their  health suffers. They may get pulled out of their school to go to a  different school. They may have to give up their pet because the pet  costs too much money. You can't bring them to a new apartment. They  don't feel stable. It is much harder for their parents to get back to  work using public transportation, if they are even served, and to earn  a living.   As all of us know, when people are evicted, they end up in crowded  shelters or moving in with family. It makes them more vulnerable to  coronavirus. It makes it more likely to spread, especially among people  who are not vaccinated.   We know that 90 percent of the hospitalizations--whether it is  Columbus, GA, or Columbus, OH--90 percent of patients in hospitals with  COVID are unvaccinated.   Finding another place to rent after an eviction is much, much harder.   After we passed the American Rescue Plan, not enough people knew help  was available to them. That is where Judge Carroll came in. That is  where Chief Justice O'Connor came in. The work they have done to divert  eviction proceedings and connect people with help is literally  lifesaving for many.   He taught courses to the State judiciary on eviction law. He worked  with tenants and landlords to divert eviction proceedings. Judges can  work to connect both renters and landlords with the help available to  them.   Ohio leads the way because of Judge Carroll and because of Chief  Justice O'Connor in preventing evictions and connecting people with  their potential emergency rental assistance. These actions by the  judges encourage them to--tenants to explore all rental assistance  options before the judge proceeds with an eviction case.   Since the start of the pandemic, more than 1,000 households in  Lakewood, OH, a suburb west of Cleveland, have been connected with some  form of rental help--more than 1,000 households. That is because of the  work that Judge Carroll did and the work that Justice O'Connor has done  around the State. It is the kind of success we want to see replicated  in Ohio and across the country.   In September, Judge Carroll told us that judges need to ``recognize  eviction cases are more than civil cases for disposition. An eviction  order impacts a person's life, home and property, and in many cases,  the lives of children who are uprooted from school when forced to  move.''   He is a judge that--as President Lincoln used to tell his staff, I  have got to leave the White House and go out and get my public opinion  bath. That is what Judge Carroll as a judge does. It is not necessarily  something most judges do, but when he does that, he finds out what he  can do as a judge to prevent families from being evicted.   We need more judges in Ohio and around the country to follow his lead  in a final push to get rental assistance to Americans in need.  [[Page S9080]]    The Biden administration has worked throughout the year with us on  eviction--on help for evictions, on emergency rental assistance,  cutting redtape, encouraging State and local governments to move faster  to get this help to families and landlords. That work has delivered  impressive results. More than 520,000 renters received emergency rental  assistance in October alone.   It means those families were able to keep their homes, keep their  lights on in October, work to get back on their feet, and recover from  the pandemic.   In total, more than 2\1/2\ million payments have gone out to tenants  and landlords. Now, with the end of the year approaching, we need that  final push to get funding to the renters and the landlords who need it.   As Judge Carroll prepares for a well-earned retirement, it is my hope  that this will be an important part of his legacy--of the work Chief  Justice O'Connor does and the work that they do in Ohio and we can do  around the country--as an example to public servants in Ohio and all  over the United States, showing how we can keep a roof over families'  heads, allow landlords to pay their bills, and emerge stronger from  this pandemic.   I urge my colleagues--ask them to join me in honoring Judge Patrick  Carroll and a lifetime of service to the people of my great State.   