 Madam President, I come to the floor today to oppose  the Biden administration's agenda, which is anti-American energy. That  is what we are facing in the country today.   President Biden just got back from a trip to Europe. He went there to  attend the United Nations' Climate Change Conference. I noted the  previous speaker said he was jetting off to there this weekend, heading  to Scotland.   He also made reference to the Climate Corps, which is part of  President Biden's agenda. He said: Who could criticize it? Well, I am  happy to criticize it. That legislation is asking to hire 1 million  Americans--1 million Americans--to protest, to wage war on oil, gas,  and coal jobs, energy jobs in this country. This is at a time when we  have 10 million open jobs in this country and ``Help Wanted'' signs all  around my State and the States of all the Members on the floor today.  Yet the Biden administration's answer to rising energy costs is to hire  a million people to protest American energy and American jobs as the  prices continue to go up and inflation continues to ravage the  paychecks of the American people.   So, yes, they are flying off to Scotland, so many of the Members on  that side of the aisle. The Democrats have joined John Kerry. Nancy  Pelosi is heading there. Many in this body from the Democratic side of  the aisle will be  [[Page S7773]]  joining them, heading there soon. Well, back at home, people are  struggling with inflation that is at a 30-year high as a result of the  policies of this administration.   One in five American families has cut their spending this year. Why?  To pay for the energy bills that are being brought forth by the  policies of this administration, which is anti-American energy.   The cost of a gallon of gasoline has gone up a dollar a gallon since  President Biden has come into office. It means the cost of everything  else is up as well because higher prices aren't just prices you pay at  the pump; they are prices you pay at the grocery store.   At the same time, the cost of natural gas has doubled, and it is now  at a point where it is at the highest price it has been in 7 years.  Half of the homes in this country are heated with natural gas. Winter  is coming, and it is going to get worse.   This leaves less money in people's paychecks. They pay so much to  fill up, so much to heat their home, there is less money for their  family. That is why the New York Times' front page story last week  talked about Thanksgiving and the cost of walloping the wallet of  American families. People are soon going to have to decide whether they  will have the money to heat or to eat.   That is what we are facing as a result of the agenda of this  administration. So what is the President doing about it? Well, he went  to Europe, and, astonishingly, he apologized to the world for America.  He made unrealistic pledges to cut emissions. He said he was going to  cut 1 billion tons in the next 8 years and went so far as to say the  United States would reach zero emissions in 28 years. That would be a  most dramatic change in the history of the American economy. It is a  reckless promise. Yet the President did get the applause from the  global elite. Well, the American people aren't applauding. The American  people are wringing their hands today.   The average European doesn't have reason to applaud either. Joe Biden  left out a few important facts in his speech in Europe. He forgot to  mention he had given Vladimir Putin the green light to build the Nord  Stream 2 gas pipeline to Germany. He failed to mention that Putin can  now hold half of Europe hostage with natural gas. He failed to mention  that today--today--in America, we are using more oil from Vladimir  Putin's Russia than we are from the State of Alaska.   Listen to this, Senators from Alaska, who follow these figures every  day. The President failed to mention that he is actually asking  Vladimir Putin to sell more oil to the United States, pump more oil,  because he doesn't want it produced in the United States, and he is  willing to kill American jobs in the process.   Well, due to the policies of this President and his radical attacks  on American energy, Vladimir Putin has hit the jackpot, and he is going  to cash in for years to come.   Working families all across Europe know better. They have seen this  movie before. That is why, this morning, I have released a report. I  have it here. It is called ``Europe's Energy Crisis: A Warning to  America.'' The subheadline: ``Democrat plans to mimic Europe's energy  and climate policies will lead to sky-high prices, less reliability,  and shortages.''   That is where President Biden is leading the United States. It is no  wonder that the national poll released last Sunday by NBC News showed  only 22 percent of the American people believe the country is heading  in the right direction under the Democrats and under this President.   This report details how Europe has tried many of the environmental  policies that the Democrats are proposing and want to pass today. The  consequences have been devastating to families there and will be  devastating to families here.   Because of the policies, Europeans are paying some of the highest  energy prices in the world, and much of the energy they use is  undependable and unreliable.   Prices are really high in America right now, but they are even higher  in Europe. This spring, gasoline prices were at least 65 percent higher  in Europe than they were in America. From 2005 to 2020, the cost of  energy in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom  increased between 28 and 71 percent, depending on the country.   European industries pay at least 90 percent more for natural gas than  American industries do. This is a major competitive advantage for  American companies. Yet President Biden is doing everything he can to  throw our competitive advantage away.   This President is trying to pass legislation that will make it worse  here at home. The largest piece of the President's spending bill is  over $500 billion for the heavily criticized Green New Deal. It  includes high payoffs for electric vehicle owners and an army of full- time climate activists that I just talked about. It includes higher  taxes on American energy and higher prices for consumers. It would ban  exploration for oil and gas off our shores and in the Arctic. All of  these ideas will raise costs additionally for working families.   My new report shows that Europe already tried the Democrats'  environmental policies. The results were disastrous for Europe. They  will be disastrous here.   I urge my Democratic colleagues: Don't make this same mistake. Don't  subject the people of the United States to the same punishing pain of  the high cost of energy that people are sustaining right now in Europe.  Stop raising prices. Stop making life harder. The American people and  American producers and American families deserve better.   I yield the floor.       