 Madam Speaker, it is an honor to rise to  celebrate the 50th anniversary of an institution like no other, the  Congressional Black Caucus.   I am honored to be in the presence of fierce and formidable public  servants like the CBC chair, Joyce Beatty, and today's anchor,  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee.   Madam Speaker, I thank her for those inspiring words. I thank her for  reminding us of the long and rich history of the CBC, a history that  continues to inspire us all.   Madam Speaker, I am also honored to be here in the presence of my  brother, Mondaire Jones. You know, in the history of the United States  Congress there have only been about 163 Black Members of Congress, and  none of them were openly LGBTQ until the election of Mondaire Jones and  myself. So I am proud to join my brother in making history in the 117th  Congress.   You know, before I was Congressman Ritchie Torres, before I was  Councilman Ritchie Torres, I am and will always be the son of the most  powerful woman I know, Debra Bosolet, my mother. And the most important  lesson that my mother taught me is never forget where you come from.  Never forget where your roots lie. And my roots are in the Bronx. Even  when I leave the Bronx for Washington, D.C., the Bronx never leaves me.   I was born, bred, and battle-tested in the boogie down Bronx. And I  have the high honor of representing New York's 15, the south Bronx,  which for too long has been ground zero for racially concentrated  poverty. The unemployment rate in the south Bronx could be as high as  25 percent, comparable to the joblessness of the Great Depression.   More than half the residents in the Bronx pay more than half their  income toward their rent, and that is before you factor in the cost of  prescription drugs and utilities, and food, and all the bare  necessities of life. And even though the south Bronx has long been  known to be the poorest congressional district in America, COVID-19 has  shown the south Bronx to be the essential congressional district.   It is the home of essential workers who put their lives at risk  during the peak of the pandemic so that most of us could safely shelter  in place. And our mission, as the CBC, should be to give those  essential workers, who are overwhelmingly women of color, a fighting  chance at a decent and dignified life.   You know, I never thought as a poor kid of color from the Bronx that  I would embark on a journey that would take me from public housing in  the Bronx to the people's House in Washington, D.C. And I never thought  that as a Congress Member I would live through an insurrection against  the U.S. Capitol.   Now, on January 6, we were reminded that there are two competing  realities that define America. There is the reality of multiracial  democracy. America is slowly emerging as a multiracial, multiethnic,  LGBTQ-inclusive democracy. Seventy percent of the Democratic Caucus  consists of people of color, women, and members of the LGBTQ Caucus.   But then there is the reality of white supremacy, which reared its  ugly head on January 6. And, for me, the scene on the U.S. Capitol was  not simply an attack on a physical structure, it was an attack on the  very idea of America as a multiracial democracy. And it is that vision  of America that, we, as the CBC, are charged with defending.   And despite the overwhelming shock and despair that I felt on January  6, Madam Speaker, I have hope. The inauguration was reason for hope.  The image of Kamala Harris, a Black woman in the Vice-Presidency, being  sworn in by Sonia Sotomayor of the United States Supreme Court, is a  powerful encapsulation of how far we have come, of how much we have  achieved. And that moment reminds us that the future of our country  does not belong to white supremacy. The future of our country belongs  to multiracial democracy.   And the Congressional Black Caucus will continue to be at the  forefront of making America the more perfect multiracial union that it  ought to be. In the words of the CBC chair: Our Power, Our Message.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, as  always, for the inspiration of words.   Our colleague, Congressman Jones, spoke earlier of Brown v. Board of  Education. Brown v. Board of Education was the first legal case I ever  read. In high school, I participated in a form of legal debate known as  moot court, which taught me how to think, read, write, and speak  critically and artfully. I will never forget after reading Brown v.  Board of Education how inspired I felt, those words in the field of  education: Separate but equal is inherently unequal.   Those words inspired me to see myself--as a young Black man--as a  public servant and maybe one day as a Member of the United States  Congress.   But I have to be honest. If you had said to me 1 year ago that I  would become a Member of Congress during an infectious disease  outbreak, that I would witness an insurrection against the U.S. Capitol  during the electoral college vote count, and that I would then vote to  impeach an outgoing President who had been impeached once before, I  would have said that sounds a lot like a movie.   So this has been the most draining and disorienting beginning for any  freshman class in the modern history of the United States Congress, but  I am nevertheless honored to be here.   January 6 is a reminder that the mission of the CBC takes on a  renewed urgency. The Congress Member and I sit on the Homeland Security  Committee, and one of our highest priorities is going to be  counterterrorism. During one of our recent hearings, I made the  observation that America has a pattern of willful blindness toward  white supremacist extremism as a form of domestic terror.   Even though the statistics have been clear that white supremacist  extremism has been the dominant driver of violence in the United States  for decades, the U.S. Government did not designate a white supremacist  group as a  [[Page H581]]  terrorist organization until 2020. 2020. Never mind the massacre  against African Americans, against Latinos, and against members of the  LGBTQ community. It took the Federal Government until 2020 to finally  recognize white supremacy as a form of domestic terrorism.   I am often asked: Whom do you admire in history?   The gentlewoman brought up the Underground Railroad, and I am a great  admirer of Harriet Tubman, who, as the architect of the Underground  Railroad, is America's Moses. She was a genuine liberator of an  enslaved people.   I also have deep admiration for Ida B. Wells, who was alone as a  journalist in standing up to the campaign of domestic terrorism and  lynchings against African Americans. And we have to draw from the  legacy of Ida B. Wells and renew our commitment to fighting domestic  terrorism in our own time.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to joining the gentlewoman in that  fight and learning from her.    Madam Speaker, I want to pay tribute to my  classmate, Congress Member Nikema Williams, who, as the chair of the  Georgia Democratic Party, was instrumental in winning the Senate for  the Democratic Party.   Thanks to the leadership of on-the-ground organizers like Congress  Member Williams, a Democratic Senate, a Democratic House, a Democratic  President means we have the makings of an FDR moment. We have a  historic opportunity to govern as boldly in the 21st century as FDR did  in the 20th century.   Systemic racism in America traces back 400 years, and it is  incredible to think that in the 400-year history of our country, we are  as close as we have ever been to confronting the root causes of  systemic racism.   That is the burden that we bear as the Congressional Black Caucus,  but it is not only a burden. It is a blessing. Public service in an FDR  moment is a blessing.   It is said the first historian, Herodotus, said that he wrote the  first historical book so that the deeds of brave people cannot be  forgotten. That is the same reason the CBC exists, so that the deeds of  Black heroes like Harriet Tubman and Ida B. Wells, like John Lewis,  like Barack Obama and Kamala Harris, are never forgotten, that the  contributions of Black America should remain front and center in the  life of our country.   It has been an honor to be with you, Congress Member Jackson Lee. I  cannot tell you how honored I feel to be a member of the CBC.   You know, I grew up poor most of my life. I was raised by a single  mother who had to raise three children on minimum wage, which in the  1990s was $4.25 an hour. I grew up in public housing, in conditions of  mold and mildew, leaks and lead, without consistent heat and hot water  in the winter. I never could have imagined myself as a member of the  greatest institution in the United States Congress, the Congressional  Black Caucus. It is an honor to be here with you in this caucus at this  moment.   