 Madam President, this week, the Senate will consider the  nomination of Todd Kim to be Assistant Attorney General for the Justice  Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division, known as ENRD.  This Division acts as our Nation's environmental law firm. It leads  efforts to reduce pollution and protect our Nation's precious national  resources by enforcing Federal, civil, and criminal environmental laws,  including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and hazardous waste  laws. At least that is what it is designed to do.   Under the previous President, Donald Trump, ENRD took some troubling  steps in the wrong direction. It prioritized protecting polluters over  the environment.   With more than 1\1/2\ million acres of the United States currently  burning in a wildfire season that has been greatly exacerbated by  climate change, we are mindful of the critical importance of vigorous  enforcement of our Nation's environmental laws.   What the Division needs now is a leader who will bring back  integrity, expertise, and a renewed commitment to enforcing our  Nation's environmental and natural resources law. Mr. Kim is that  leader. In fact, his career in environmental law began at ENRD, where  he worked as a trial attorney. During his time with the Division, he  was awarded the Justice Department's Outstanding Performance Award on  three separate occasions. As a trial lawyer there, he spent 8 years  representing the United States zealously and apolitically under both  the Clinton and Bush administrations.   Mr. Kim's principled leadership in that role has earned him praise  across the ideological spectrum. He has the strong support of former  ENRD officials from both parties. Over 80 environmental law experts and  academics, who often don't agree on many things, all believe he is the  right person. They wrote: ``ENRD deserves one of the nation's best  lawyers at its helm. Todd Kim promises to be just such a leader.''   Mr. Kim also has experience leading a large legal department. He  served as the District of Columbia's first solicitor general, a role he  held for over a decade.   Additionally, Mr. Kim has received support from Asian-American  organizations, including Asian Americans Advancing Justice and the  National Asian Pacific American Bar Association.   His nomination received strong, bipartisan support on our committee.  Four of my Republican colleagues--  [[Page S5060]]  Senators Grassley, Graham, Cornyn, and Tillis--joined the Democratic  members in advancing his nomination.   With Mr. Kim leading the ENRD, the American people can trust our  Nation's public lands and natural resources will be protected by a  proven expert and an accomplished lawyer. I urge my colleagues to join  me in voting in favor of his nomination.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in morning  business.    Madam President, I want to back up what the majority  leader said. The day was May 22, 2019. I remember it well. Two things  happened that morning. First was the birth of my granddaughter, which  was an exciting and happy event. The second was just the opposite. It  was a meeting in the White House with President Donald Trump, and the  purpose of the meeting was to discuss infrastructure.   You see, we had an earlier meeting. Democrats met with the leaders of  the Trump administration to discuss an infrastructure bill. When we  suggested $1.5 trillion be spent on infrastructure. President Trump  said: No, make it $2 trillion.   Well, we were happy to hear that. Then when we suggested that  President Trump's earlier suggestion of 80 percent of it being paid on  a State and local basis rather than Federal, he reversed himself. He  said it will be 80 percent Federal. More good news.   Then came the suggestion: Well, it shouldn't just be horizontal  infrastructure. It ought to be vertical infrastructure--broadband,  school buildings, things that we desperately need in America.   And he said: Include them; let's make that part of the package.   It was one of the best meetings.   Then came the subject of how we were going to pay for it, and  President Donald Trump said: Stop. I am not going to get into that  conversation.   Well, we said: Mr. President, we have agreed on what we are going to  do, but we have to pay for it.   He said: No, you are not going to trap me with raising taxes or doing  things that are politically unpopular.   So we postponed this follow-up meeting to this May 22 date--May 22,  2019. We were anxious to get it done because, during his Presidency,  there had been no infrastructure programs--none, nothing--despite his  promises to the contrary during the campaign.   We came back May 22. He walked in the room and he said to all of us  assembled there: As long as you are investigating me for any reason,  there will be no infrastructure bill.   He wheeled around and walked out. That was the end of the  conversation about infrastructure in the Trump administration. It was  never seriously considered or debated after that.   Now we are engaged in a new exercise. Some Republican Senators--and I  thank them for their courage and initiative--want to sit down with  Democrats and see if we can finally, after years and years, come up  with an infrastructure bill to rebuild America.   They are under pressure. They are under pressure from Senator  McConnell. He didn't want them to engage in this kind of bipartisan  negotiation. And now, today, former President Trump has joined the  chorus, saying they shouldn't bargain at all with Democrats. Put it off  another year, 2 years, whatever it has to be, until the Republicans  control the whole process. That is a recipe for achieving little or  nothing. We know that.   So I sincerely hope that this week will be a breakthrough week.  Senator Schumer, the Democratic majority leader, tried to get it  started last week with a simple procedural vote that would move us to  this conversation,  [[Page S5061]]  but he was unlucky and was unable to get that done, but he has  maintained the procedural option of reconsidering that vote. I  certainly hope that will happen soon.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin), and the Senator from Washington  (Mrs. Murray) are necessarily absent.   