 Mr. Speaker, to be a police officer, it is  not something we do; it is someone that we are. I was a military police  officer in the Army and went on to serve for 12 years as a uniformed  police officer, 12 years as a SWAT operator, and I buried far too many  brothers.   There is a time in every man's heart where we have to make a decision  of what we are going to do with our life that day, that week, that  month, with our families, with our career, with our life.   As I reflect upon my career as a police officer prior to my  congressional service, I think about the 8\1/2\ years of night shift  and the exchange that my wife and I would have every evening as she  returned from work and I was preparing to leave. She would have my  little meal prepared, a brown bag, to take with me. And she would say:  ``Be safe. Come home to me.'' And I would say: ``Don't worry about me.  Worry about the other guy.''   Every police officer has a little exchange like that with their loved  one before they begin their shift, because we don't know if we are  coming home.   We recognize that the life we have chosen to serve our fellow man is  an effort somehow to become better men ourselves. It is an effort to  serve a Lord that we are not quite worthy of.   I have trained or helped train many officers through the years, and  they would ask me sometimes about this section of the manual or that  section of the manual, and I would always tell them the same: Your  manual is 1,483 pages. Seek to be a better man, do the right thing, and  you will be worthy of the job and career that you have chosen. Forget  that, and you will not.   We are human. We have failed and fallen in some way, every one of us.   This can be said as well about the Members of this body. We wear a  small pin upon our lapel that identifies us as Congressmen and  Congresswomen. We are proud to serve and humbled to serve, and we do  our best every day to be worthy of that service.    This job began with an oath. Imperfect, though, we be; varied,  though, we be in our ideological perspective or our political  affiliation, we do our best every day.   There are a million police officers across this country who don't  have a little lapel pin. They wear a badge like this. And the mourning  band upon that badge is in memory of the brothers and sisters of the  thin blue line who we have lost.   It used to be a rare thing to find your mourning band and put it on  your badge. Now, these days, you can't get it off. Police officers out  there know what I am talking about.   So I will say, Mr. Speaker, in closing, that the journey that we are  upon in this life is a chosen path that all of us embrace, for better  or for worse. We attempt to become better men and women, better  children of God.   Police officers are no different. I ask you to hear my heart, feel my  spirit. The men and women that wear a badge deserve your respect, your  love, and your support. In this special time this week, we memorialize  forever those who we have lost who wear the badge.   I thank Congresswoman Cammack for allowing me to address the House  this day. I extend my love to the thin blue line.   