 Mr. Speaker, nearly two decades ago, Congress passed a  resolution authorizing military force against the Iraqi regime of  Saddam Hussein. That resolution--aided in its passage by deeply flawed  intelligence that we now know had no basis in fact authorized the use  of force for two express purposes: to defend the national security of  the United States against the continued threat posed by Iraq and to  enforce all relevant UN Security Council resolutions regarding Iraq. It  has been 18 years since Saddam Hussein was deposed. It has been a  decade since the United States declared a formal end of operations in  Iraq. The Iraqi government is a regional partner and the UN Security  Council resolutions referenced have been fulfilled.   In short, there is no virtue in allowing the 2002 AUMF to lay dormant  but active. The only possible outcome is for a future administration to  wield it as a legal loophole to bypass the need to confer with Congress  before engaging in military operations. Each of us here  [[Page H3176]]  understands that the nature of modern warfare has changed--it is  murkier, dirtier, and involves a variety of state- and non-state  actors.   But that fact should not compel Congress to forfeit its  constitutional responsibility to directly authorize the use of force.  It should not preclude any administration from receiving direct  authorization from the Congress to engage in global conflicts.   Earlier this year, the House Foreign Affairs Committee had a  productive hearing where each of the three expert witnesses testified  that this AUMF is not necessary. It does not enhance our national  security. It does not make Americans any safer. It does not make the  mission of our men and women in uniform any easier. To repeal this  resolution would not tie the hands of the current administration or any  future administration in their responsibility to preserve the national  security of the United States--it would instead ensure that it could  not be manipulated to take us into a war that Congress did not  authorize.   If we fail to act, we run the risk of opportunistic legal  interpretations leading to a slippery slope until our country finds  itself on a permanent war footing. Congress did not authorize that in  2002. We shouldn't tacitly authorize it by failing to act. Let's do our  jobs--we owe it to the American people and to our men and women in  uniform.   