 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for  yielding.   A year ago in January I spoke on this floor in defense of the rule of  law and my view that it was incumbent upon Congress to count the  electors sent to us from their respective States.   In doing so, I reminded the Chamber that we are deeply divided.   Now we are a Nation perilously divided further. And a divided Nation  must return to first principles. Those first principles include  separation of powers; and in so doing, the judicious use of the  congressional subpoena power as requiring, per the United States  Supreme Court, ``a valid legislative purpose.''   That power is not, per the court, limitless, it is not, per the  court, a power to expose for the sake of exposure, it is not, per the  court, a power to punish, as such would be ``indefensible.''   The January 6th Committee was born in politics. After all, we have  standing committees like Judiciary, which have had precisely zero  hearings about the 500 Americans who have been charged, arrested, and  are jailed regarding January 6.   And then the natural pursuit of any conspiracy associated with such  crimes--no, the select committee continually moves the goalpost far  from a core legislative purpose. Indeed, one target seeking to claim  privilege was told to take specific tests to claim that privilege, then  did so, and then was told, sorry, this was not sufficient en route to  contempt.   Now we have the targeting of our friend, Mark Meadows. Congressman  Meadows sought accommodation. While, yes, it is between branches, the  question in privilege regarding the former President continues to be  litigated for good reason.   The gentlewoman from Wyoming outlined text messages from some of us  imploring action by the President. The text messages from which she  read were, in fact, turned over by Mr. Meadows. He produced more than  1,100 documents totaling 9,000 pages and over 2,300 text messages.   Mr. Meadows offered to appear before the committee to address the  agreed-upon nonprivileged documents.    Madam Speaker, Mr. Meadows agrees to continue to work  through questions of privilege. But again, here we are facing a vote to  hold Mr. Meadows in contempt.   Anger over January 6 and the events leading to it is not reason for a  committee formed from that anger and in partisanship to exercise  unlimited power to command attendance of production while moving the  goalpost. This itself is an assault on liberty and our republic.   