 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is now the 17th time I have come to the  Senate Chamber specifically to speak against President Biden's vaccine  mandate.   I have pledged before, and I pledge again today, to continue this  fight until we beat the mandate.   Now, thankfully, progress has been made on this front. The U.S. Court  of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit last week halted enforcement of  President Biden's general mandate. It did so directing their rulings  specifically to the OSHA portion of the mandate. This is the one that  applies to all workers everywhere and any place of employment with more  than 100 workers.   I, along with millions of Americans, am grateful that the U.S. court  system performed its role in protecting the separation of powers and  otherwise protecting the limits on government written into our laws and  our Constitution.   It is also encouraging to see the government Agency charged with  enforcing the general mandate; that is, OSHA, has now halted the  enforcement of the mandate and is complying with the order issued by  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.   This, however, does not end President Biden's vaccine mandates. That  [[Page S8420]]  mandate in particular remains the subject of ongoing litigation, and  there are other requirements placed on other specific groups of workers  outside of the OSHA mandate and, therefore, outside the scope of the  order issued by the Fifth Circuit.   Now, I have spoken previously on the situation that members of our  Armed Forces face and on things that people who work in the healthcare  profession face--difficult things, challenging things, things that  threaten their livelihoods and cause a lot of problems for workers.   I have offered various bills to help those groups of Americans keep  their jobs and make sure that they have the right to make their own  medical decisions.   I am fighting against the mandate. I am not fighting against the  vaccines. I support the vaccines. I am vaccinated. I have encouraged  others to be vaccinated. I see the development of these vaccines as  something of a modern medical miracle, one that is protecting so many  millions of Americans from the harms of COVID.   But this one-size-fits-all dictate from Washington certainly isn't  the answer and, under our system of government, can't be. I have heard  from hundreds of Utahns who are personally at risk of losing their jobs  and their livelihoods due to this mandate. Many of these Utahns have  religious or health concerns about the vaccine.   President Biden promised these mandates would include exemptions for  those people in those categories specifically, but in reality they are  being dismissed or placed on unpaid leave or pushed into retirement  with reduced benefits.   These are good people, everyday people. Many are dedicated frontline  workers. Far too many are just trying to make ends meet and feed their  families. It shouldn't be too much to ask to allow them to continue  doing that unencumbered by their own government in their efforts to do  that.   These mandates will just push people out of work and make many of  them not only unemployed but unemployable outcasts in their chosen  professions, professions for which they have spent years studying and  learning and receiving certifications just in order to work. What a  tragedy.   This wouldn't just harm those affected directly by the mandates. It  absolutely would harm those directly affected by them, but the harm  extends much further than those directly affected. It would affect all  of us, in fact.   The American economy is currently facing a labor shortage the likes  of which we haven't seen in decades. Businesses across the country are  struggling to find enough workers just to keep their doors open, let  alone produce and serve at full efficiency. President Biden's mandate  will add to our high unemployment and our low labor force participation  rates, and it will put even more pressure on inflation--inflation that  is making it harder for Americans everywhere, especially the poor and  middle-class Americans, people living paycheck to paycheck who find  that every dollar they earn is buying less of everything, from gas to  groceries, from housing to healthcare.   Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell recently warned that ``hiring  difficulties and other constraints could continue to limit how quickly  supply can adjust, raising the possibility that inflation could turn  out to be higher and more persistent than we expected.''   The mandate is only worsening the problem.   Now, I believe the Biden administration recognizes the harms this  mandate will cause for our workforce. It is evident in the  administration's date of compliance extension to January 4 that this is  the case.   Now, I have to ask an obvious question here--or one that I think  should be obvious, should be intuitive. If the forced vaccination of  our entire Federal workforce, including employees and contractors and  subcontractors--if forcing the vaccination of every one of these  workers--were truly an emergency so drastic that all workers,  contractors, and subcontractors, even those working remotely in their  own homes, must be vaccinated immediately, then why would they risk  delaying compliance?   They can't have it both ways. If they want to say that this is an  emergency; this is dire, so dire that we have to force every  contractor, subcontractor, and Federal employee to get vaccinated  immediately and we have to fire them if they don't--if that is truly so  emergent--then why delay it to January 4? Why delay it at all?   Now, to be sure, it would be bad. And, to be sure, I am glad they  have extended it. Perhaps, maybe, this means they are reconsidering  this awful, horrible step, this horrible thing that they are inflicting  on those who can least afford to absorb something like this. But it  really does undercut the emergent nature of the situation, and it  undercuts their underlying reasoning that this has to happen  immediately, so immediately that we have to fire all of them if they  won't submit to Presidential medical orthodoxy.   This mandate is even so drastic that it includes all workers and all  contractors, including all those who work remotely, who don't even go  into a workplace. And it also includes even those who have natural  immunity from a previous case of COVID-19, something that some studies  have indicated will provide 27 times the immunity of a vaccine.   Again, vaccines are great. I have been vaccinated. I have encouraged  others to do the same. Vaccines are protecting hundreds of millions of  Americans right now. But why not take into account their natural  immunity, and why on earth would you fire someone who already has  natural immunity or who works from home? That makes absolutely no  sense.   This mandate simply goes far beyond what is reasonable. It begs all  sorts of questions. Why are you doing this?   So, today, I am offering a bill to help another group--yet another  group of people--a group consisting of people not protected by the  Fifth Circuit's halting of the general vaccine mandate. Federal workers  are still facing a vaccine requirement from the Biden administration.  Almost 3 million workers in this country are employed by the Federal  Government. Many of them have reached out to me and my office and are  concerned about losing their jobs due to this mandate. I know I am not  the only one. I know that every single Member of this body has received  phone calls, letters, emails, and other pleas for help from people who  don't want to lose their jobs.    This is a response to them. This is an effort to try to help them and  part of my ongoing effort to reemphasize the fact that it doesn't have  to be this way. My bill, the Protecting Our Federal Workforce from  Forced COVID-19 Vaccination Act, would prohibit an executive Agency  from requiring its employees to receive a COVID-19 vaccine. It is a  simple solution to prevent more unemployment and to protect countless  Americans from being forced out of the workforce.   This bill will help protect Americans' right to make their own  medical decisions and will help protect our economy as it strains under  multiple crises and as the holiday season comes around.   I encourage and sincerely implore all of my colleagues to support it.   To that end, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3243, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the thoughtful remarks and the  insights of my friend and distinguished colleague the Senator from  Michigan. He is someone with whom I enjoy working, and one of the many  things I appreciate about him is that he puts a lot of thought into  everything he does. And I have always known him to be considerate, and  I appreciate that about him.   I also am in agreement with the fact that in an ideal world people  would be getting vaccinated more than they are. And in that world, if  more people got vaccinated, I do think there would be fewer  hospitalizations, fewer deaths, and fewer COVID infections. And there  are a lot of data sources supporting that.   I also agree that we are all tired as a country, as individuals, as  families, regardless of what State we live in. We are tired of the  pandemic, of the ERs being overcrowded, and things like that. These are  all things we want to do away with. And I also agree with my colleague  from Michigan that those things really would be alleviated if more  people got vaccinated.   In my mind, the question that we are discussing here isn't about a  disagreement over the objectives that we have got; it is more about how  to get there, who has authority to take what action and what  consequences might attach to government actions.   Notwithstanding the fact that my friend from Michigan and I both  agree that the American people, to the extent they have been  vaccinated, are benefiting as a whole from being vaccinated, it doesn't  mean that everyone is going to agree.   It doesn't get rid of disagreements that exist, in some cases,  because of our religious belief or other moral conviction--one that I  don't happen to share and probably most of us in this body don't happen  to share, but that some people have.   There are some people who, for religious or moral reasons, believe  that they shouldn't be vaccinated. There are others who have a specific  medical condition that has involved receiving medical advice from  board-certified medical doctors that someone shouldn't get this  particular vaccine.   I am not a doctor. I am not a scientist. I don't purport to  understand these things. But I do know what I hear from Utahns, which  is that a number of them have cited medical conditions of one sort or  another; previous personal or family medical history that has signaled  particular sensitivity to vaccines in general; or, in some cases, when  people have autoimmune conditions of one sort or another or a  combination of them.   In some cases, doctors are concerned about inflaming that condition,  inflaming the immune system of particular patients, and on that basis  advise their patients with particular, somewhat unusual medical  histories not to be vaccinated.   There are others, still, who might not fit into either of these  categories, but might consist of people who have already had the  coronavirus and have recovered from it at some point over the last 18  months.   There are studies indicating that natural immunity is real, and that  have suggested that natural immunity can convey comparable immunity to  that available under the vaccine. Some of the studies have indicated  that that immunity could not only be as strong as, but, in some cases,  27 times stronger than that conferred by the vaccine.   I had both. I had the coronavirus over a year ago and I still chose  to be vaccinated in addition to that. My own experience with the  coronavirus wasn't all that pleasant. It wasn't an experience that I  care to relive. In consultation with my doctor, I concluded that it was  a good thing for me to get it. I was willing to get it, especially upon  learning that it might help protect me even further if I also had the  vaccine in addition to having natural immunity.   But, you know, not everyone is going to reach the same conclusions.  And one of the struggles that we have had as a country involves  difficult questions that people face when they disagree--when they have  a genuine disagreement. We have to be careful about how we use  government power because the government power necessarily involves the  use of force.   Most of the time, mercifully, it doesn't have to involve the direct  actual use of force. It can involve the implicit or implied or future  or prospective use of force. In other words, you comply with this or  that law or regulation or government dictate of one sort of another,  then you are fine. If you don't, you know that at some point there will  be consequences.   A lot of people comply voluntarily after they received--I don't  know--a notice from a law enforcement officer or agent. Or maybe they  wait until someone has sued them, and then they get a court order. But  they know that at some point, if they refuse to comply, the government  can enforce what it is requiring.   So whenever we involve government in these kinds of decisions, we  have to be able to defend the actual or threatened or potential use of  force in order to justify what we are doing. And we have to ask: Is  this moral? Is this an appropriate case to use violence?   Because if it is not an appropriate case to use violence for  something, there is kind of a problem with putting government into the  equation, because ultimately you have to rely on government to be  willing to threaten violence and carry out violence; meaning to show up  at somebody's house with a summons, an arrest warrant, or something  like that and take them away.   All that involves force. And again, mercifully, most of the time it  doesn't have to come to that. Most of the time, Americans, you know,  comply with the law just because it is a good thing to comply with the  law.   But we really should ask the question whether a government action is  morally justified in any circumstance to such a degree that the use of  violence would be warranted if it came to that.   I struggle to accept the proposition that it is OK to use violence to  force someone to get a COVID-19 vaccine. As  [[Page S8422]]  much as I love the fact that the vaccines are available and are a real  blessing--something of a modern medical miracle--I can't get  comfortable with the idea of using violence to force people, who have  another opinion, to comply.   It seems morally problematic and morally unjustified--for that  matter, indefensible--for the government to tell someone, ``If you  don't get this shot, you will get fired;'' and, in fact, to tell their  employer, ``You must fire this person if this person doesn't get the  vaccine, even if this person has a good-faith religious belief against  it, even if this person has natural immunity or has some particular  medical condition causing his or her board-certified medical doctor to  advise against receiving the jab.''    That isn't moral to say to that person, ``You didn't comply with a  Presidential medical edict, so you are fired;'' and to tell the  employer, ``If you don't fire that person, you are going to be the  subject of punitive fines that will cripple any business.''   And I literally mean any business. I don't think there is a business  in America subject to these mandates that could survive the crippling,  deliberately cruel fines that are levied under them--not a one.   This isn't right. It is not moral. Deep down we know it.   In fact, according to a recent poll conducted and reported by Axios-- hardly a rightwing publication--it involved a question, and the poll  question was something along the lines of: Should a person who declines  to be vaccinated be fired for not being vaccinated?   And 14 percent agreed that that is OK--14 percent. Only 14 out of 100  Americans said: Yeah, that makes sense, that is OK; fire this person,  fire him, fire her. They don't matter.   It is compounded when you look at the tragedies imposed by the  individual circumstances. The soldier; the sailor; the airman; the  marine; the TSA worker; the Federal contractor; the employee of a  subcontractor of a company with one Federal contract who does mostly  non-Federal work; the mom, the dad working in a factory, in a school,  in a floral shop--if any of those either have a Federal contract or  have more than 99 employees, all of those people are having their  livelihoods threatened.   It is not just a job. It is, in many cases--as is the case in the  healthcare industry, for example--people who have spent a lifetime  acquiring the skills and professional certifications, the degrees, the  training, the education necessary in order to participate in that  profession.   Many of these people, by the way, throughout the darkest hours of the  pandemic, were the people working hardest to protect Americans, to make  sure they had access to the healthcare they needed.   Those same people are now being told: You are not good enough. You  don't deserve a job. You are going to be fired, even if you have a  medical condition that precludes it.   Even if this could be morally justified, which it can't, one must ask  the question asked by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit:  Does Congress, does the Federal Government, have the power to order  such a widespread vaccine mandate?   It doesn't.   The OSHA mandate, for example, constitutionally, it would have to be  predicated on Congress's authority under the Commerce Clause, which  gives us the power to regulate trade or commerce between the States,  with foreign nations, and with the Indian Tribes.   Even as that provision of the Constitution has been interpreted  really broadly since 1937--even under that broad interpretation, one  that has seen only three acts of Congress over the last 84 years being  deemed outside of Congress's authority under the Commerce Clause--when  you have to almost try hard to pass legislation predicated on Commerce  Clause authority that doesn't fall within it, but even under that, this  doesn't pass the test.   It is not, by its nature, economic activity. In fact, it is not  activity. You are punishing nonactivity.   Even under these high watermark precedents from the New Deal era  establishing a very deferential standard of review for exercises of  Commerce Clause authority by Congress, this doesn't even pass that. And  even if it did, which it doesn't, you would still have to identify the  case of the OSHA mandate a definable delegation of authority from  Commerce using some intelligible principle authorizing this kind of  action.   You will not find that. It is not there. I have reviewed upside down,  sideways, backwards, forwards the statutory text at issue with regard  to OSHA. It does not provide this authority. The moral authority is  lacking. The constitutional authority is lacking. There is no power  delegated by the Congress to OSHA to do this. It is not defensible.   I am glad that delays on some of these mandates have been imposed. I  am glad that OSHA is at least agreeing to comply with the order of the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and, at least for the  duration of that litigation, enforcement will be halted.   I hope and I fully expect that the ultimate resolution of that case  will be consistent with what the Fifth Circuit ruled last week. In  fact, I have little doubt that it will be.   This is, in some ways, the most brazen act of Presidential overreach  that we have seen in a single directive, since President Harry Truman,  on April 8, 1952, issued an order seizing every steel mill in the  United States for steel production related to the Korean war effort.  Mercifully, the U.S. Supreme Court was able to intervene and, within a  couple of months, invalidated that action.   This one is even clearer than that; but, more importantly, this one  is more emotionally compelling than that.   That unconstitutional act of Presidential overreach affected a  handful of steel companies. It certainly affected thousands upon  thousands of workers. It didn't have the ability to affect directly or  indirectly every single man, woman, and child in America. This one  does.   That is one of the reasons why these moral and statutory and  constitutional questions matter so much. That is why I have been coming  to the floor every day, and why I will continue to do so indefinitely  as long as it takes.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   