 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the $1.9 trillion  spending bill that we expect we will be considering probably starting  tomorrow.   The COVID-19 pandemic has deeply impacted our communities, causing  heartbreak and grief for hundreds of thousands of families who have  lost loved ones. At the same time, it has turned our economy upside  down, and it has shuttered small business, as well as schools and  churches.   Without a doubt, it is during a pandemic that we here in Congress  should be coming together and working to provide relief for those who  are struggling, and it is for that very reason that I am proud that  Republicans and Democrats have worked together. We worked together over  the past year on a very bipartisan basis--a bipartisan basis--to pass  five different pieces of legislation to address the pandemic.   In March of 2020, we passed the Coronavirus Preparedness and Response  Supplemental Appropriations Act by a vote of 96 to 1. We passed the  Families First Coronavirus Response Act by a vote of 90 to 8, and the  landmark Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the  CARES Act, which is the one I think most people are very familiar with.  That provided $2.2 trillion in relief, and it passed the Senate  unanimously. It got every Republican and every Democratic vote.   Last summer, we unanimously passed legislation making adjustments to  the Paycheck Protection Program, providing further support for our  small businesses and additional funding for hospitals, for healthcare  providers, as well as for COVID-19 testing. We passed it unanimously.   In late December, just over 2 months ago, we provided an additional  $900 billion in relief, including direct payments to individuals, $120  billion in additional unemployment insurance, $25 billion in rental  assistance, $25 billion in nutrition and ag assistance for our farmers,  and $325 billion in additional support for small businesses--again,  with an overwhelming bipartisan vote--bipartisan. All five of these  were passed with big bipartisan votes--some of them unanimously--and  much of that money has yet to be spent.   Now Democrats in Congress and the administration want to pass, on a  partisan basis with only Democratic votes, a massive $1.9 trillion bill  with no input from Republicans, unlike the previous COVID-19 relief  bills that we worked together on to pass to respond to this COVID  epidemic.   In the House, the bill passed. It didn't get any Republican votes,  and it didn't even get all the Democratic votes. It was passed solely  with Democratic votes, no Republican votes, and some Democrats voting  against it as well. And, again, we haven't even spent the $900 billion  we just passed on a bipartisan basis in December.   Also, the bill includes billions in spending for nonpandemic-related  programs, including $480 million for the National Endowment for the  Arts, the National Endowment for Humanities, and the Institute of  Museum and Library Services.   As a matter of fact, here is just some of the things in here that  don't relate to COVID: $50 million for ``climate justice,'' $50 million  for family planning funding without the Hyde protections, $112 million  for Speaker Pelosi's Silicon Valley subway, $135 million for the  National Endowment for the Humanities, $135 million for the National  Endowment for the Arts, $200 million for the Institute of Museum and  Library Services, $12 billion in foreign aid, and $30 billion for  public transit, of which $4.5 billion is for New York City's subway  system. How does that relate to addressing COVID?   Again, like I said, we just passed $900 billion in December, which  has yet to be spent, that does address COVID. So we need to focus on  spending the money that we have already provided. We need to make sure  that it gets to the needs. We need to get our economy opened up. We  need to get our kids back in school. Those are the priorities right  now.   And then, when we look at this bill, in addition to spending on  things that aren't related to COVID, let's also look at how the funding  is allocated. The bill provides $350 billion in funding to States,  Territories, and localities. But  [[Page S980]]  it is not based on population. Instead, it is based on unemployment.  Well, that unfairly awards the States that shut down over those that  stayed open. And the reality is that what we really need to do is get  the vaccine out so, again, we can open up our businesses and make sure  we get our kids in school. That has got to be the priority now. But how  do you go forward with that kind of a formula that isn't fairly  delivered as well?   Under this flawed methodology, in this bill the city of New York  would receive about $4.3 billion. That is actually more than 36 States  would get. Also, the city of Chicago would receive $1.98 billion. There  are 20 States that wouldn't get that amount. Los Angeles would receive  $1.35 billion, which is more than 13 different States would receive. In  addition, L.A. County would receive $1.95 billion, bringing that  valley's total to $3.3 billion. Why is that the allocation formula?   Republicans stand ready to work with our Democratic colleagues to  provide the necessary support to fill in any remaining gaps and provide  targeted COVID-19 relief to our healthcare workers, continue vaccine  distribution, safely reopen our schools, and provide help for those in  our communities who are struggling the most. But we cannot support this  $1.9 trillion partisan bill which will add to our national debt on the  backs of hard-working Americans   I yield the floor.   