 Madam Speaker, I thank the vice chair for yielding.   Last Tuesday, December 7, the select committee received a letter from  Mr. Meadows' lawyer telling us that his client's appearance for a  deposition had become, and I quote, ``untenable''.   Something else happened last Tuesday. Mr. Meadows' book, ``The  Chief's Chief,'' hit bookstores.   This is a witness who is refusing to comply with the law and answer  our questions, in part because the former President has instructed him  to do so, he says. He says that as chief of staff he couldn't possibly  disclose the conversations with the former President.   But look at his book, and you get more information about his  confidential conversations with the former President than our committee  did.   This is from a section dealing with the January 6 rally at the  Ellipse. ``When he got off stage, President Trump let me know that he  had been speaking metaphorically about the walk to the Capitol. He knew  as well as anyone that we couldn't organize a trip like that on such  short notice.''   That part is interesting because the select committee has a lot of  questions about what the President said and did on January 6. We have a  lot of questions about how protests that day escalated into a riot. And  Mark Meadows says he can't discuss these details with us. But  apparently, he can put them in his book.   We have also learned from those very documents Mr. Meadows turned  over that he was willing to discuss what the President was thinking  with Members of Congress.   On January 3, Mr. Meadows was exchanging text messages with a  lawmaker about the pressure campaign to get State legislatures to  overturn the results of the election. In one text message to a  lawmaker, Mr. Meadows wrote, ``He,'' he presumably being President  Trump, ``He thinks the legislatures have the power, but the VP has  power, too.''   The power to do what? We could guess the power to overturn the  election results, the power to reject the will of the voters. And days  later a violent mob tried to get Vice President Pence to do just that.  We would like to ask Mr. Meadows about that, about what the former  President thought.   Days before the violent attack, Mr. Meadows was willing to share what  he, President Trump, thinks, but he won't tell us.   That is why Mr. Meadows' testimony is so important. That is why his  privilege claims are so outrageous, and that is why we need to adopt  this resolution.   