 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Gimenez for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise before you tonight to speak on behalf of those  who cannot speak for themselves. The right to life is one of the  founding principles of our Nation. Every human being born or unborn is  entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   Our government was created to secure these rights without exception,  not to take them away. Yet, today, we see this right under attack as  the Biden administration continues their war on the unborn by seeking  to remove the Hyde amendment, a longstanding pro-life protection that  has saved 2.5 million lives from abortion since 1976.   As a father of two sons, Guy and Sam, I have been blessed to watch  them grow from a tiny dot on a medical monitor to the strong and  healthy boys they are today. When I look at my sons, I am crestfallen  for the millions and millions of children whose lives have been cruelly  taken right as they were beginning.   Not too long ago, President Joe Biden stated: ``Those of us who are  opposed to abortion should not be compelled to pay for it.''   But this proposed budget fails to include the Hyde amendment, making  it clear that President Biden does not value life. Before coming to  Washington, I vowed to be unapologetically pro-life.   I stand before you tonight because I, along with most of my fellow  Tennesseans, disagree with this administration and believe taxpayer  dollars should never be used to fund abortions.   Societies are measured by how they treat their most vulnerable. That  includes the unborn. This is why it sickens me to see the Biden  administration's intention to use the power of the Federal Government  to force us to support and fund organizations that perform abortions.   I thank God for the miracle that is life, and I will work to secure a  chance at life for every unborn baby so that we may hear their voice,  see their potential, and give them the same basic opportunity at living  that we have secured and received ourselves.   