 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  complete my remarks prior to the vote.    Mr. President, last week, President Biden's Chief of Staff  retweeted a tweet from Harvard economist Jason Furman describing our  current economic challenges--notably, the growing inflation crisis and  supply chain issues--as ``high class problems.''   ``High class problems.''   Well, I guess working Americans struggling to stretch their paychecks  to cover increases in the price of everything from groceries to gas can  comfort themselves with the knowledge that they are experiencing ``high  class problems.''   The White House Chief of Staff's tone-deaf tweet was, unfortunately,  pretty typical of a White House that seems eager to minimize or  disclaim responsibility for most of the problems occurring on its  watch, whether it is the flood of illegal immigration across our  southern border or the high prices Americans are currently facing.   But as the White House Chief of Staff and the President should know,  inflation has become a serious problem for working Americans.  Inflation, of course, hits middle- and low-income families hard.   If you are wealthy, price increases may be an annoyance, but they are  not likely to break the budget. If you are living paycheck to paycheck,  on the other hand, price increases may mean the difference between  making it to the next paycheck or running out of money mid-month.   Currently, inflation is costing a typical household $175 a month, and  that is according to Moody's Analytics. That may not sound like much to  a wealthy Democratic politician, but for an ordinary American family,  it is a lot of money.   That $175 a month may be the difference between whether or not  parents can afford to get braces for their daughter. It may be the  difference between going to visit family for Christmas or staying home  and not seeing them. It may be the difference between having money for  the extras, like family dinners at a restaurant or little league fees  or ballet lessons or just being able to cover the bare necessities.   For families making less than the median U.S. income, $100 or more a  month can be the difference between making it to the next paycheck or  running out of money. It can mean the difference between paying the  heating bill or going cold during the winter.   Americans have seen increases in food prices and the price of bacon  or beef or poultry, pork, peanut butter, fruits and vegetables, eggs,  and the list goes on. The price of children's shoes is up. So is the  price of furniture and gas and electricity and rent.   A recent AP article entitled ``Winter heating bills set to jump as  inflation hits home'' noted ``the U.S. Government said . . . it expects  households to see their heating bills jump as much as 54 percent  compared to last winter.''   Fifty-four percent.   Show me the working family that can easily absorb that increase.  Inflation happens when you have too much money, too many dollars  chasing too few of goods.   Democrats helped trigger our inflation situation earlier this year  when they decided to pour a lot of unnecessary government money into  the economy, despite being warned their partisan $1.9 trillion spending  bill could stoke inflation.   Now, with inflation clearly becoming a long-term problem, Democrats  are preparing to double down on the government spending with a massive  $3.5 trillion tax-and-spending bill filled with priorities like $200  million for a park in Speaker Pelosi's district--a park that features  luxury housing and a golf course--and billions of dollars for a  Civilian Climate Corps to provide government jobs for climate  activists.   The massive government spending this bill--the biggest expansion of  government, for sure, in decades, maybe in history--would authorize  would pretty much guarantee that our country would be left with an even  more persistent and widespread inflation problem.   Flooding the economy with government dollars isn't even the only way  that the bill will contribute to inflation. The bill also contains big  tax hikes on businesses, which are already raising prices thanks to the  higher cost of shipping and materials and the challenges of hiring an  adequate workforce. Raising taxes on those businesses could result in  even higher consumer prices and/or reductions in the quality of  services provided to consumers.   Government revenue for fiscal year 2021 saw a huge increase, driven  in large part by tax receipts from corporations and well-off Americans.  Those are the same companies and individuals the Democrats like to  accuse of not paying their fair share.   But since Democrats' appetite for government spending is apparently  insatiable, record-high government revenues don't look likely to stop  them from passing their huge tax increases and driving up prices for  consumers further.   Along with the flood of government spending Democrats passed in the  spring, another major contributor to our inflation crisis has been  supply chain bottlenecks. The White House has largely failed to do  anything to address the problem.   The President finally took one step forward when he announced the  other day that the Port of Los Angeles will join the Port of Long Beach  in operating 24/7.   Well, it is about time. Major ports around the globe already operate  around the clock, but here in the United States, unions have largely  stood in the way of round-the-clock operations. And even now, the Port  of Los Angeles/Long Beach will not be fully 24/7 for a while. Only one  of the container terminals is currently open around the clock, and then  only for part of the week. The others are only slowly moving toward 24- hour operations with no deadline in sight.   Other than moving toward 24/7 operations in Los Angeles, however, the  President is doing almost nothing to address the supply chain  bottleneck. Infrastructure upgrades for ports, trucking, and rail are  stuck in limbo while Democrats debate their $3.5 trillion tax-and- spending spree.   And, while the President's Transportation Secretary has talked about  loosening trucking regulations, his Department is actually pursuing an  aggressive regulatory agenda that is likely to make transporting goods  around this country more, not less, difficult.   And I don't even want to think about the transportation challenges  that are likely to result from the government mandates and regulations  that will emerge from the Democrats' $3.5 trillion tax-and-spending  spree.   It is unfortunate that Democrat elites cannot seem to grasp that  inflation is a serious problem for working families and that the  solution to our inflation problem is not to flood our economy with even  more government money. If Democrats succeed in passing their reckless  tax-and-spending spree, high inflation may be the order of the day for  many, many days to come.   Let's hope that Democrats think better of their spending plans before  American families end up paying the price.   I yield the floor.   