 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   We are here today because Washington Democrats have gotten together  and decided to use a global pandemic as an excuse to check a few items  off their progressive wish list. They want to reward their political  allies at the expense of America's working class.   If this bailout is about crushing the virus, then why does less than  9 percent actually go towards putting shots in people's arms?   If this bailout is about quickly reopening our schools, then why is  less than 5 percent of the money for schools going to be spent this  year?   If this bailout is about helping workers and families, then why does  this plan continue to incentivize Governors to keep small businesses  shut down?   Why does 25 percent of all spending go towards policies that will  kill jobs and reduce hours worked?   Simply put, this is the wrong plan at the wrong time for all the  wrong reasons. It is the wrong plan because Americans living on fixed  incomes, including 31 million seniors who are on fixed Social Security,  will be forced to pay more out of pocket to buy food, put clothes on  their backs, and to keep the lights on. Seniors will now have to decide  to turn on heat or pay for the needed medication.   It is the wrong time because Democratic economists and the  Congressional Budget Office are warning that this spending isn't needed  and that, by the middle of the year, our real GDP will have recovered  and we will have our largest economic growth in 15 years.   It is the wrong time because when you combine this bill with the  COVID-19 money that has already been enacted, the sum is more than the  GDP of every country in the world except China and the United States,  and $1 trillion of already enacted spending still remains.   So what is the reason for this bailout?   It is all about rewarding political allies and bailouts to blue  States. Democrats even changed the funding formula to reward States  that severely lock down their citizens and boarded up Main Street.   Using a pandemic to push things like the $15 Washington mandate, an  expansion of ObamaCare, and billions on political payouts around this  country is the real reason for this bailout.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  look beyond their agenda and think about the working class. They want  the schools reopened, to be able to go back to work, vaccines to keep  their families safe, and end to this pandemic. All of that can happen  without this bailout plan if we focus on what the American people need  and not what one political party desperately wants.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McCarthy), who will be the next Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I will remind the gentleman from  New York, if this bill is enacted, his State's 3 million seniors will  face a cut to Medicare of $27 billion over the next 10 years.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from  California. I would just like to point out that, out of her 6 million  seniors, this bill will cut $44 billion from Medicare over the next 10  years--10 years.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from  Pennsylvania. I will remind him that if this bill were enacted, his  State's 2.7 million seniors would face a $17 billion cut in Medicare  over the next 10 years.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs.  Hinson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, a recent letter from the Congressional Budget Office  shows that if this bailout plan is enacted, the Medicare benefits for  seniors will be cut by $36 million starting in fiscal year 2022 and  every year for the next 10 years.   I include in the Record a letter that confirms the American Rescue  Plan Act of 2021 will cause billions of dollars of cuts to  Mr. Speaker, House Republicans have filed  hundreds and hundreds of amendments. All but two were voted down.   This is clearly a partisan plan that is the wrong plan at the wrong  time for all the wrong reasons. If you take out the direct checks to  Americans, almost half of all the money that is in this bill will not  be spent until fiscal year 2022 or later. This is not imminent.   It is the wrong plan at the wrong time and, we know, for all the  wrong reasons.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   