 Thank you, Mr. President.   Freedom of speech and the freedom to protest are provided in our  Constitution. While I share the same frustration many Americans have  over the Presidential election, the violence and mob rule that occurred  at the U.S. Capitol today and across the country over the past year are  unacceptable, and I condemn them at the highest level. Like all of us  in the Chamber, I am thankful for the heroic law enforcement officers  who worked feverishly to restore order so that we get back to the  electoral certification process.   During my 29-year career as an obstetrician and gynecologist, too  often I had to sit down with patients and give them a very bad  diagnosis. It might have been a young mother of three whose three  babies I delivered, now with metastatic breast cancer, or perhaps  another woman with advanced cervical or ovarian cancer, all of which  have very challenging prognoses. But before I sat down with each one of  those patients, I carefully reviewed all the labs, their x rays, and  the pathology to make sure I had the facts straight, but at the end of  the day, my final recommendation was always going to be a  recommendation from my heart.   I want my fellow Kansans and all Americans to know that I have given  as much consideration and thought surrounding the issue of objecting to  a State's electoral college votes as I did considering the treatment  plan for a serious health concern, and today's decision once again is  from my heart.   Mr. President, I rise today to restore integrity to our Republic, and  I rise to do it knowing that many of our colleagues are all concerned  for current and future generations. We must restore faith and  confidence in one of our Republic's most hallowed and patriotic duties:  voting.   There is no question our U.S. Constitution empowers State  legislatures to execute free, legal, and fair elections. Unfortunately,  in several States, the clear authority of those State legislatures to  determine the rules for voting was usurped by Governors, secretaries of  state, and activist courts. Our laws and Constitution should always be  followed, especially in a time of crisis.   I don't rise to undo a State's legally obtained electoral college  votes; rather, I rise in hopes of improving the integrity of the ballot  to hold States accountable to the time-proven constitutional system of  the electoral college.   This is why I urge the formation of an electoral commission to give  constructive suggestions and recommendations that States can take to  make our elections once again safe, free, and fair after a year of  jarring irregularities.   We must and will have a peaceful transition of power.   To all my fellow Americans, I have no doubt that our Republic can  grow stronger through this difficult day.   May God bless this great Republic.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   The VICE PRESIDENT. The minority leader.   