 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy  of Senator Bob Dole, one of America's greatest. I have so many  different memories from over the years, it is hard to know where to  start or where to finish.   Though I first came to Capitol Hill when Senator Dole was still in  the U.S. Senate, my first extended interaction with him was when his  wife, Elizabeth, was running for the U.S. Senate to succeed my current  boss at the time, U.S. Senator Jesse Helms, who was retiring.   There was one day I remember so well. I had taken time off from my  work to help with Elizabeth's campaign. And of course, Bob Dole, no  stranger to North Carolina, came to town several times to campaign for  her.  [[Page H7626]]    On this particular occasion, we had lined up a number of visits for  Bob Dole that included a stop at a tobacco receiving station in  Smithfield, and then on to several other stops in Goldsboro.   As is the case with any campaign, there was little down time, which  is just how Bob Dole liked it. He had a real knack for retail  campaigning. He was never at a loss for words, always had a quip, and  always left everyone laughing.   As I recall, it was about 11:30 a.m. that day, and we had just  finished up the stop at the tobacco receiving station where we had met  with a number of tobacco farmers. Now we were on our way to Goldsboro.  I wasn't that hungry, but I could tell the campaign staffer driving Bob  Dole was ready to find some lunch somewhere.   Well, Bob Dole was hungry too, but had a little bit different of an  idea about it. So once we leave the tobacco receiving station, he  directs the young man to stop at a local convenience store. Bob Dole  goes in, talks it up with the lady running the cash register, buys a  Krispy Kreme doughnut, and comes back out.   Sensing this was the only lunch stop Bob Dole wanted to make, the  young staffer turned to him and said: ``Senator, don't you want to stop  and get a real lunch somewhere?''   The Senator replied: ``Bob Dole doesn't eat lunch until after the  election; as only Bob Dole can say it. And of course, he often talked  in third person.   I would see Bob Dole from time to time after that election, but I  didn't get to really know him until I came to Washington as a new  Member of this House of Representatives. He would call from time to  time to talk about my campaign; to see if I had an opponent; to talk  about what was going on in the House and the Senate; or just to talk  life and politics in general. I will always cherish those  conversations.   A great Kansan from humble roots, Senator Bob Dole answered the call  to serve his country, fighting for liberty for 79 years. It wasn't long  ago that I got to visit the site where he was so badly injured in  Italy.   As I looked around the landscape of that, that spot where he was  wounded, so far from home in a foreign land, here was this very young  man and so many others like him facing evil head-on.   Several years previous to that trip, I had gotten the opportunity to  travel abroad to take a look at implementation of our country's food  aid programs. I will never forget being in a very remote area of  Ethiopia, looking at thousands of children who were eating porridge  during lunch at school, and only because of the McGovern-Dole  International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program. It was  the only real meal those children received during the day.   Through his final years, months, and even until his final days,  Senator Dole remained so involved and passionate for the principles  that made this country great, while caring for our most vulnerable. The  number of veterans and their families he greeted at the World War II  Memorial during his final years would be far too many to count. And  that is just a tiny glimpse of what he did to support, lift up, and  encourage others.   There is no way to properly measure his impact, not just in America,  but around the world. He was the embodiment of the American spirit and  what it means to be a true patriot and statesman. His lifetime of  commitment, dedication, and perseverance for this country was and is  unmatched. His legacy of service and statesmanship will only grow  greater through the prism of history.   Madam Speaker, there are those special individuals you get to know in  life who help you keep it all in perspective. I will always be so  appreciative of Bob Dole, the man, and what a giant of a man he was.   May God's peace and grace embrace his wife, Elizabeth, and daughter,  Robin, as well as the rest of his family in the hours, days, and months  to come.   