 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am delighted to follow the majority  leader and his strong remarks about the beginning of the process of  passing S. 1, not only to deal with the question of voting rights but  to deal with the question of the dark money plague that is infesting  our democracy and taking the power over decision making in this body  and in this building away from regular people and putting it into the  hands of not only special interests but of special interests who are  happy to operate in secret.   One of the ways in which this power has been deployed has been with  respect to the judicial branch of government. And I am here now for my  third speech in ``The Scheme'' series to draw attention to this  problem.   In the first two ``Scheme'' speeches, I described the corporate power  game plan offered by lawyer Lewis Powell to the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce and the subsequent effectuation of that game plan by Justice  Lewis Powell, appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court 2 months--2 months-- after his secret corporate power game plan went to the chamber. The  execution of the Powell plan was one of three converging threads that  led to the scheme to capture the Court.   The Powell plan, thread one, was a political response recommended for  America's traditional corporate elite, which had been traumatized by  the social upheaval of the 1960s. The second thread, thread two, was a  separate strain of American ire that had been simmering on our  society's fringe for many decades. The extremists on this simmering  fringe were traumatized by things long accepted as mainstream by most  Americans.   The fringe resentments shifted with the varying tides of news and  events but regularly boiled over against several targets. One was the  role of Jewish people in finance, the press, Hollywood, and--after  FDR--in government. Another was the improving economic and social  condition of minorities. Another was the arrival of immigrants,  particularly non-European immigrants; but backlash to immigration from  Ireland and Italy had been profound, as my home State experienced back  under the Know-Nothings. Other resentments sprang from imaginary  events, conspiracy theory delusions, and crackpot ideas.   This persistent strain along the American fringe was chronicled in  Pulitzer Prize-winning Richard Hofstadter's 1964 essay, ``The Paranoid  Style in American Politics,'' later a popular book. This latent strain  of paranoid extremism showed itself in groups like the John Birch  Society, which never gained social or political acceptance. It was fed  and nurtured by a handful of rightwing foundations set up by a few  colossally rich and politically irate and frustrated families. It  boiled up in the Presidential campaign of Senator Barry Goldwater,  which ended in one of the worst landslide defeats in American history.  It drove the occasional aspirations of the Libertarian Party, whose  extremist platform suffered predictable but humiliating crushings at  the polls. All of this defeat, over all of these decades, concentrated  the strain, isolated its most persistent and determined elements, and  added to it an emotional payload of resentment.   One target of this fringe was the existence of government regulation.  The Libertarian Party, in 1980, ran on a platform of ending Social  Security, ending Medicare, closing the post office, undoing the  American highway program, stopping public education, and eliminating  all our public regulatory agencies--even the Federal Aviation  Administration that keeps planes from bumping into each other.   This platform barely attracted 1 percent of the vote, an unsurprising  but humiliating crushing. That humiliating crushing was suffered by  David Koch, Libertarian Party candidate for Vice President, and the  party's major funder. The Koch family is spectacularly, unimaginably  rich. Privately held Koch Industries pours hundreds of millions of  dollars into their pockets every year. The family annual income exceeds  most families' dreams of lifetime wealth. The Kochs have social  ambition, putting their names on educational TV programs, art centers,  and university buildings. They are not the sort of people who take  humiliation well. They are also not stupid, and the family has long and  sometimes dark international experience, including odious efforts in  previous decades to build factories for evil regimes.   Made confident by the arrogance of wealth, driven by extremist  ideology, spurred by the resentment of humiliating political rejection,  experienced in the devious ways of the international world, steeped in  the corporate skills of long-term planning and patient execution, and  with unlimited resources to indulge themselves, the Koch brothers,  Charles and David, were uniquely positioned to take this longstanding,  latent, extremist fringe and amplify it and direct it, by plan, in  secret, and over decades if need be.   If front groups needed to be set up, so be it; subsidiaries were a  familiar concept. If identities needed to be laundered off money they  gave, so be it; telling lawyers to find or design a way to do that was  familiar. If fringe groups needed to be coordinated to work  collectively with each other, so be it; organizing with others through  trade associations and lobbying groups was familiar activity. And if  money needed to be spent, well, so be it; money was no object, and  getting people to do things for you for money is a familiar practice of  the very rich.    The nurture and guidance of the Kochs breathed new strength and  life--and deregulatory purpose--into the nativist far-right fringe.  Meanwhile, in the regulatory arena, waited the third of the three  threads. Major corporate interests--from the railroads first to banks,  chemical companies, and polluting industries--had assembled, over time,  a quietly powerful presence to help them in administrative Agencies; to  make sure that regulation was friendly to business, and, even more than  that, under the right circumstances, with the right people and  pressures, could be turned to advantage of the regulated industry.   In administrative hearings and rulemakings, regulated industries  regularly outgunned public interest groups. Law firms dedicated to this  lucrative corporate regulatory practice sprouted. Gleaming stables were  kept of well-tended professional witnesses who could reliably spout the  corporate line in Agency proceedings.   Companies played the long game in these regulatory Agencies, of  accreting minor victories, step-by-step, inch-by-inch, but that  together summed up to major gains. Many of these gains were deeply  buried in the weeds of arcane  [[Page S4687]]  policy and technical detail, inscrutable to the general media and so  invisible to the general public.   Revolving doors spun between regulatory Commissions and industry, so  that Agency decision makers often reflected the values, priorities and  interests of the regulated industry, not the general public. At the  extreme, the regulatory Agency became servant to the industry master--a  phenomenon well known and well documented as regulatory capture. I  wrote a separate book on this, ``Captured,'' so I won't dwell on it at  great length here. It is enough to note that regulatory capture is so  common that it has been a robust field of academic research and writing  now for decades, both in economics and in administrative law.   So these three socioeconomic strands converged. America's regular  corporate elite took up the Powell memo strategy of emboldened  political engagement, seeking to reclaim their power and restrain the  unwelcome changes roiling American society. The extremists of great  wealth brought to the rightwing fringe and its motley array of  extremist groups an unprecedented strategic discipline, unlimited  resources, and the tactics of hard-edged corporate organization. The  regulatory capture apparatus was there for the hiring, eager to pursue  the new prospects offered by big industries and eccentric billionaires.  Out of this slumgullion of immense wealth, extreme political ambition,  and expertise at regulatory capture, how long would it take for people  to start thinking about capturing not just regulatory Agencies but  courts--indeed the U.S. Supreme Court?   As it turned out, not long. The Court had made itself a target of the  rightwing. Brown v. Board of Education provoked massive resistance  across the South out to defend segregated public schools. Roe v. Wade  provoked, as it still provokes, the religious right. So did Engel v.  Vitale, restricting prayer in schools. Griswold v. Connecticut offended  those upset by the sixties sexual revolution. Miranda v. Arizona, Mapp  v. Ohio, and Gideon v. Wainwright offended the tough-on-crime crowd. To  the far right, the Supreme Court offered a bounty of things to hate.  Even without the Powell Memo's corporate plan of ``exploiting judicial  action'' ``with an activist-minded Supreme Court,'' the Court would  likely have been an irresistible target.   But with that plan and that recommendation, it began to come  together. And so the scheme was launched, fed by three political  tributaries: one, the corporate plan in Lewis Powell's memo to the  Chamber; two, the resurgent Koch-powered, far-right fringe; and three,  the eager, available mercenaries of regulatory capture.   The effort to capture the Court has likely been the most effectual  deployment of rightwing and corporate resources into our common  American political life, and America is now a very different place as a  result of it. Much of it, like the proverbial frog in the proverbial  pot, we have even gotten used to, and we accept it now as normal, when  it isn't.   To be continued.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   