 Madam President, I rise in support of the legislation  that is before us, the bipartisan infrastructure package. I applaud all  of those who have worked so hard so that we could have this legislation  before us.   It is desperately needed when we look at the status of our  infrastructure today, the aged systems that we have across our Nation.  In Maryland, we have some infrastructure that dates back over a century  and a half ago.   We need a generational investment to modernize our infrastructure,  and the legislation before us does exactly that. It will make the  United States more competitive and create a lot of good-paying jobs. It  will deal with the growing backlog of infrastructure projects that we  have in each one of our States.   I applaud the work that brought us to this point. I particularly am  pleased that the legislation incorporates the work done by the  Environment and Public Works Committee as it relates to transportation,  infrastructure, and water infrastructure.   I particularly want to acknowledge the leadership of our committee,  Senators Carper and Capito. I was proud to be the chair of the  subcommittee on infrastructure, working with Senator Cramer and Senator  Duckworth, which contributed greatly, particularly to the water  infrastructure.   I also want to applaud the leadership of President Biden. It was his  leadership that has brought us to this moment, his vision for America's  future, what we need, and he found a way for us to move forward on  modernizing infrastructure.   So let me first, if I might, talk a little bit about the  transportation parts of this bill that I am particularly pleased about.  Clearly, we see a significant increase in our investments in roads,  bridges, transit systems, rail, airports, ports, and waterways. We can  talk about some of the specifics, and I am going to do that.   But first I want to applaud the efforts that we have made to move  forward in new directions. This bill, for the first time, in a major  reauthorization of our surface transportation, acknowledges the  realities of climate change. We know what is happening in our  communities. The increasing amount of flooding, droughts, wildfires,  and extreme weather events are frightening to all of us.   In my State of Maryland, I can point to one community, Ellicott City,  which has seen two 100-year floods in less than 24 months. The  situation is dire, and we need to act on it.   The legislation before us provides $18 billion in reducing carbon  emissions and strengthening resilience and building electric charging  stations and alternative fuel infrastructure. That is what we need to  do, and I am pleased that the legislation addresses those issues.    In a second area, I was pleased that this bill has a significant  increase in the transportation alternative programs that I authored.  This increased funding will make it easier for our local governments to  move forward on projects that are important to their priorities. We are  talking about better sidewalks and bike paths and dealing with safety.   We are seeing an alarming increase in fatalities on our highways and  roads and community roads. The TAP program will allow us to deal with  those issues. We all need to be able to get around our community  without using our cars, and the TAP program makes this a priority so we  can enjoy our communities and we have local decision making in the use  of our transportation funds.   I am also very pleased that this legislation has a justice component  to it. I worked long and hard with Senator Carper and others in dealing  with reconnecting our communities that had been divided because of  highways that had been put in a community that did not help that  community. When we find out the communities that are most  disproportionately affected, they are generally minority communities.   I will give you a good example. Let me use my hometown of Baltimore  City. A highway was built in the 1960s that was never completed. We  call it the ``highway to nowhere.'' It is the Franklin-Mulberry  Corridor. If you go to West Baltimore, you will see this gully that is  a blight to the community. It divides communities. Three thousand  residents, mostly African-American, are directly impacted by this  ``highway to nowhere.'' It isolates neighborhoods such as Harlem Park.  This legislation provides a billion dollars as a start to reconnecting  communities that have been divided by highways.   I know this is good news for the people of Baltimore and these  communities and, for other communities  [[Page S5548]]  around the Nation where the transportation program has hurt their  community, not helped their community.   As I pointed out, there is increased investments in all of our modes  of transportation.   This past week, I was with Secretary Buttigieg in Baltimore and with  Senator Van Hollen. The Port of Baltimore is the economic engine of our  community. Hundreds of thousands of jobs directly depend upon it.  Baltimore is prepared for the super-Panamax. Thanks to the partnership  with the Federal Government, this legislation will allow us to be more  competitive in our ports, creating more jobs in our community.   I also pointed out the Howard Street Tunnel that was recently  authorized under an INFRA grant, which will allow double-stacking going  through a tunnel that is over 100 years old, through downtown  Baltimore. This will make our community much more competitive. This  bill provides additional funding for INFRA grants.   And then Maryland, like every State in this Nation, has significant  backlogs in dealing with our bridges. I can mention the American Legion  Bridge, right around here, or the Johnson Bridge, in Southern Maryland,  and the list goes on and on and on. This bill will allow us to get to  some of those bridges.   Let me talk a moment, if I might, about transit. We need public  transit. Our workers need to be able to get to work. We need to be much  more sensitive to our environment and getting people out of their  automobiles. We waste too much time in congestion. I can't tell you how  many hours are wasted every day because of unnecessary congestion.  Transit--public transit--helps us deal with those challenges.   This bill takes a quantum leap forward on the transit programs. I was  particularly pleased that it includes a reauthorization of the WMATA  program for the transit system in this region. I call it the Nation's  transit system, since it is used so much by Federal workers in order to  get to work. It extends the authorization of $150 million a year from  the Federal Government through this decade.   Particularly, I want to thank my colleagues in this region, Senators  Warner and Kaine and Van Hollen. The four of us worked together to make  sure we got the reauthorization included in this legislation.   Then, I want to acknowledge and I want to thank particularly Senator  Brown for his help on this. There is now language in this bill that  will allow those lines that were previously eligible for capital  contributions but did not go forward to be able to be reconsidered for  Federal partnerships in capital construction on transit.   We have a rapid rail line in Baltimore City, known as the Red Line,  that was stopped by our Governor. We are hopeful that we can restart  that. It is needed for dealing with public transit in Baltimore. That  project would then now be eligible for consideration for Federal  funding. And I would hope that the leadership in Maryland would take  advantage of this opportunity and put the Red Line back in the  equation.   I want to talk a little bit about water projects. The Environment and  Public Works Committee bill that we worked on, which is the basis of  this bill on water infrastructure, passed this body by a vote of 89-2.  It deals with the Drinking Water and Wastewater Infrastructure Act,  increasing funding in all those categories.   We have tremendous backlogs in water infrastructure in our community.  We have waterlines that are over 100 years old still being used in our  communities. This bill will help us deal with that backlog. It includes  authorizations that I sponsored, including affordability.   I want to thank Senator Wicker, my cosponsor on this.   This would allow grants so that low-income families can afford their  water bills. I can tell you that in Maryland and in many other  communities around the Nation, people can no longer afford their water  bills because so much pressure has been put on the ratepayers. This  bill will set up a pilot program similar to a LIHEAP program to help  low-income families deal with their water costs.   I also authored an authorization bill for resiliency grants with  Senator Capito to deal with extreme weather conditions and cyber  security issues, and I was pleased to see that included in the  legislation.   I do want to express my disappointment. There are things in this bill  I am sure all of us are not satisfied with. I was disappointed that the  bill does not fund those new authorized programs, as was included in  the legislation that passed this body and was recommended by the  Environment and Public Works Committee. I hope we will have a chance  during the appropriations process to get funding for these new  authorized programs.   I was pleased that President Biden's initiative to remove lead pipes  was included. I can tell you that in Baltimore, we have significant  lead pipe issues, particularly in our school system, and I am glad to  see that those programs will be funded.   I was pleased also that we are moving ahead on PFOS, which is a  pollutant in our community as a result of Federal installations. I was  pleased to see that we will be able to move forward in that.   And then broadband, we all know we need broadband infrastructure. It  is included in this bill. The Brookings Institution indicates that in  the spring of 2020, when we went into lockdown in our schools, 12  million out of 55 million students did not have access to classes  online. That is a shocking number, and look at what they lost during  this past year.   In Maryland, it is estimated that as many as 324,000 people in rural  Maryland do not have access to broadband, and 96,000 households in the  Baltimore region do not have access to broadband. We must do better.  Our goal should be that every house should have access to high-speed  internet, affordable internet. This legislation moves us forward on  both access and affordability on broadband. That is critically  important, and I am glad to see that it is included.    As much as I support this legislation, I have to express my  disappointment as to how this bill is paid for. As chairman of the  Small Business Committee, I helped develop the programs that helped  small businesses during COVID-19. They were lifesavers for small  business. It saved small businesses. It saved our community. It saved  jobs, and it saved the growth engine for innovation in our community.   One tool that we used that was extremely important was the Economic  Injury Disaster Loan Program and Advance Program. Over 4 million EIDL  loans have been granted, in excess of $230 billion. These grants help  save businesses. These loans help save businesses. These are for the  smaller of the small businesses. They are the ones that use it. These  are low-interest, 30-year loans. We have had 6 million small businesses  take advantage of the EIDL Advance Program, $23 billion. These are the  differences between staying afloat or going under. The GAO estimated  this past week that 86 percent of the EIDL loans went to our most  vulnerable small businesses, 10 employees or less.   So why am I talking about it? Because this bill takes away the $13.5  billion from the EIDL Program--the EIDL loan program--just at the time  where we have small businesses that are going to need these loans. We  see an increase in wildfires. Hurricane season is coming. We are not  through COVID-19 yet, and yet they take away these funds. These are the  most leveraged funds we have available. For the few Federal dollars we  put into it, we leverage much larger amounts of loans.   Do we really want to cut back on the ability to help small businesses  through these long-term loans? Unfortunately, taking this money away  does exactly that.   In addition, it takes $17.5 billion from the Advance Program under  EIDL. These are the grants that go to small businesses that can't  afford to take out loans.   Now, we know under a previous administration, they put a $150,000 cap  on the EIDL loan program and $1,000 per employee on the Advance  Program. Well, the Biden administration wants to increase the size of  the loans up to the first $500,000 and then $2 million but also to give  $10,000 to the businesses that need it the most under advances.   We have taken this money away--in total, about $35 billion. It is  going to make it virtually impossible for us to be able to do what we  need to do for  [[Page S5549]]  small businesses. That is not right, and we are going to need to do  something about it.   I might point out that we have the Restaurant Revitalization Act--and  everyone here was very proud to help our restaurants--that has been  oversubscribed. We are going to need a lot more money to be put into  that program. Yet you are taking away our capacity in this bill to help  fund small businesses. That is not right, and I hope I will continue to  work with my colleagues so we can find a path forward to help America's  small businesses.   We all talk about helping small businesses. Here is one example where  we took the step in the wrong direction. We don't have to choose  between building modern infrastructure or helping small businesses. We  can do both, and I am disappointed at this moment that we are not going  to be able to do everything we need to do to help the small business  communities in our country.   I hope I will be able to revisit this at a later time. But it doesn't  dull my enthusiasm for this very important legislation that I urge my  colleagues to support. It will make a quantum leap forward in America's  competitiveness and create more jobs for America's future.   With that, I yield the floor.   