 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. I certainly appreciate his leadership on this and giving us  an opportunity to speak about small business issues in our country.   Mr. Speaker, as restrictive government mandates on Americans have  relaxed, our economy has begun recovering from the worst of the  pandemic. Many businesses have reopened their doors, and there are now  millions of new returning jobs and available jobs across the Nation.   Unfortunately, I hear from businesses large and small across my  district that Big Government is getting in the way of the return of our  booming prepandemic economy.   It is a bizarre paradox, but under the Biden administration, we are  simultaneously facing an intense labor shortage and widespread  unemployment at the same time, when our economy should be thriving back  to prepandemic levels. Sadly, this is a common story in every corner of  our country.   It is clear that the primary driver of this problem is federally  subsidized unemployment benefits. In many regions, particularly in  rural areas, would-be job seekers make more staying at home than  reporting to work.   Recently, I was speaking to a friend of mine, and he called an  unemployed driver that he was going to hire. The unemployed driver's  response was this: I am going ride this mule until it drops.   Basically, what he was saying was: I am going to take this free money  until it goes away.   Many small businesses are facing that very same issue. Some  businesses have even offered cash bonuses to interviewees, but small  businesses cannot afford this.   There are plenty of examples back home in my district. For example,  in Houston County, there are 124 unemployment claims and over 2,000 job  openings as we speak. In Coffee County, there are 57 unemployment  claims and 570 job openings, with many more coming. In Dale County,  there are 47 unemployment claims yet 350 job postings.   It is very simple. Small business cannot compete with government  handouts. I am glad that many red States, including my great State of  Alabama, have ended all federally funded pandemic unemployment  benefits. I hope our numbers will improve as a result.   Removing these payments that were meant to be short-term is necessary  to advance our economic recovery. But this is a real problem that  betrays the Biden administration and congressional Democrats'  fundamental misunderstanding of what powers an economy.    Mr. Speaker, the best welfare program in the world is a job, not  government. I know that many of my Democratic colleagues agree with me.   Let's get Americans back to work by empowering workers and removing  incentives to stay home. Only then can we truly reopen this economy.   