 Mr. President, earlier today, President Biden announced his  new, revised, supposedly curtailed, social spending plan for America.  It seems that the depressing economic numbers, the soaring costs of  goods, mounting data that government spending is to blame, or perhaps  some more moderate voices within the Democratic conference forced him  to walk this latest monstrosity back.   Democrats, who won control with the slimmest of majorities, feel that  they have a mandate to change more about American society and spend  more money than any group of elected officials in American history.   The White House Chief of Staff tweeted today, bragging that this deal  is still twice as big as the New Deal in real dollars.   Be it at $3.5 trillion or a little less, we have lost almost all  sense of what money means, at least when it comes to money being spent  by Washington--by public officials who congratulate themselves, each  other, and, in return, are congratulated by many in the media for  spending other people's money or spending money we don't have, money  that ends up, effectively, being printed.   Our Founding Fathers entrusted Congress with the power of the purse  because they expected Congress, which is the branch of government most  accountable to the people at the most regular intervals, to be most  likely to jealously guard the funds of those who sent us here.   Understanding that as every Member of the House is required to stand  for election every 2 years, and one-third of the Members of this body  are required to stand for election every 2 years, that ought to have an  effect. It ought to have precisely the effect that we remember: that it  is not our money; it is the people's money, and that when we run out of  it, we can't just pretend that we have more. When you do that, it  causes problems--especially for the poor and the middle class.    The Framers assumed that Congress would be the most responsible  branch in managing our Nation's finances--again, because we are the  branch most accountable to the people. But in this respect we failed.  We failed in every sense. We failed dismally, miserably.   Americans work for months out of every single year just to pay their  Federal taxes. Yet our Nation is still barreling toward $30 trillion of  national debt. We are now reaching devastating debt-to-GDP ratios that  we have never contemplated during peacetime in America. And Americans  are feeling the pain--real Americans, everyday Americans.   Inflation is at its highest rate in decades. Everything from gas to  groceries, from housing to healthcare--it is all more expensive and  getting more expensive every single day. We know from sad experience  that this isn't going to go away anytime soon. Prices, once they go up,  tend to stick.   Meanwhile, President Biden, apparently, is not satisfied with only  making things more expensive, but he is also making it harder and in  some cases impossible for many Americans to work. His still-unpublished  vaccine mandate is causing millions of Americans to be at risk of  losing their employment or, alternatively, acquiescing to Federal  medical extortion. These are everyday Americans, all too often  struggling just to get by. They are not bad people. They are not people  whom we should shun. No. These are mothers and fathers. Some are first  responders, and others are military heroes. They are our neighbors,  friends, and fellow citizens. They deserve the respect and autonomy to  make this decision for themselves.   And the Constitution, when properly followed, protects Americans from  precisely this type of Federal intrusion, especially this type of  Federal intrusion wielded by one man, one person, in one office.   I have heard now from over 300 Utahans just in the last few weeks who  are at risk of losing their livelihoods due to the President's mandate.  These are just the ones I have heard from. For every one I have heard  from, there are many, many others who are being affected. Their stories  are moving, and they are as moving as they are tragic. And we must do  something to help.   Allow me to be very clear. While I am very much against the mandate,  I am for the vaccine. I have been vaccinated. My entire family has been  vaccinated. I have encouraged other people to get vaccinated. These  vaccines are helping to protect many, many millions of Americans  against the harmful effects of COVID-19.   That does not, however, excuse the heavy-handed, nanny state approach  of forcing this decision on Americans, of threatening Americans,  coercing them, extorting them into doing the will of the President of  the United States. This is not only an action not backed up by law or  consistent with the constitutional separation of powers, but it is  immoral. And it is mean to tell a mom or a dad you are not going to be  able to put food on the table for your children if you don't get a  medical procedure that we want you to get but that you don't want to  get, for whatever reason: a religious reason, a particular medical  condition that you have been warned about from your doctor, or whatever  else it may be. People shouldn't have to choose between the ability to  make a living and the coerced receipt of an unwanted medical procedure.   This is why I have come to the Senate floor 11 times now to fight  against the mandate and why I am going to keep coming. Today, I am  offering what should be an incredibly uncontroversial bill. My  Transparency in COVID-19 Expenditures Act, which is cosponsored by  Senators Braun, Lummis, Sullivan, and Tuberville, would simply require  an audit of COVID-19 relief funding. It would allow Congress to  determine what spending in this pandemic worked and what spending did  not. It would help us return a little bit of financial oversight and  sanity and responsibility and accountability to Congress and to our  government.   This information would also allow taxpayers to see how their dollars  are being spent and whether they are being spent wisely. It is that  simple. And I encourage my colleagues to support the bill.   I would like now to yield time to my friend and distinguished  colleague, the Senator from Wyoming.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee  be discharged from further consideration of S. 2851 and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the insight from my friend,  colleague, and distinguished Senator from Michigan. I appreciate his  willingness to look out for making sure that there isn't duplication in  government.   I also think it is important that at a time when we are spending an  unprecedented amount of money, that we are on the side of redoubling  efforts to audit, to oversee.   There has never been a time in American history when we have brought  in more money than we have brought in in the year 2020. We brought in  over $3 trillion. But there has never been a time when we have spent  nearly as much money in total dollars or as far as a number of dollars  relative to what we brought in.   I mean, we spent $6.6 trillion last year. This is an enormous amount  of money. We are spending a comparable amount again this year--again,  trillions of dollars more than we are bringing in. We are doing it  ostensibly because of the COVID pandemic. And for that reason, it is  good that we make sure that we know where we are spending that money,  where it is going. If it can make our efforts more effective and more  efficient, if this is about protecting and sustaining life, then why  wouldn't we want to make sure that it is being done in the most  effective, efficient way possible?   We work for the people. They deserve to know where the money is being  spent.   