 Madam President, I want to pay tribute to our colleague  Mike Enzi and express my condolences to his family and pay my respects  to him.   Senator Enzi's long career in public service began when he was  elected as mayor of his hometown of Gillette, WY, in 1974.   I can just see Mike Enzi--a younger Mike Enzi--being the mayor of a  place like Gillette, WY, and it brings a smile to my face and a warmth  to my heart. And I can imagine how hard he worked to see that only good  things happened to the citizens of his hometown.   He then went on to serve in the Wyoming House of Representatives and  the Wyoming Senate, before being elected to four terms in the U.S.  Senate, beginning in 1996.   Prior to being elected to office, Senator Enzi served in the Wyoming  Air National Guard.   In Congress, Senator Enzi never wavered in his deeply held values and  his beliefs, and yet he was always held by all of us in high esteem, by  all of his colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   He had the ability for bringing a consensus, to bring us together,  and that remained true even as this body became increasingly polarized.   In his farewell speech to the Senate, Senator Enzi--unfortunately,  just a few months ago, Senator Enzi spoke about his 80-20 rule. It is a  rule that those of us who work with him knew well: the rule which  emphasized focusing on the 80 percent of issues we agree on versus the  20 percent of issues where we disagree. It allowed Senator Enzi to work  with Senators across the political spectrum on legislation that he  cared so much about.   Senator Enzi carried himself in a quiet and serious demeanor. He was  interested above all in achieving good policy outcomes for the people  of Wyoming and the people of our Nation.   His leadership has been missed in this Chamber this year, but his  legacy as a statesman and his impact on the State of Wyoming will live  on forever.   My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this  time, including his wife Diana, their daughters Amy and Emily, and son  Brad and his grandchildren.   Senator Enzi, may you rest in peace, and please know that your time  in the U.S. Senate and your time living on this Earth was well spent, a  role model for the rest of us. Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   