 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment, which makes clear  that the statutory rights of servicemembers and their families under  the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or SCRA, cannot be waived through  forced arbitration unless it is agreed to by the servicemember after a  dispute arises.   Americans who serve in our military, our veterans and their families  sacrifice much in service to our country. Often they have fought to  protect the fundamental idea that we are a Nation of laws and  institutions that guarantee the rights and prosperity of every  American.   Since the Second World War, Congress has created many laws, including  the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, to expand and strengthen the  rights and protections of servicemembers and veterans. These laws are  essential protections that guarantee every veteran and active duty  servicemembers, including the Reserves and National Guard the right to  be free from workplace discrimination on the basis of their military  service, and the right to their day in court to enforce these  provisions. We are a stronger and better Nation because of these  rights.   SCRA prevents landlords from enacting eviction proceedings, mortgage  holders from foreclosing on a home, and lenders from repossessing a  vehicle while a member of our armed services is on active duty.  However, forced arbitration clauses embedded in mortgages and titles  prevent accountability for bad actors taking advantage of our  servicemembers while they are protecting our country.   For too long, forced arbitration has eroded these fundamental  protections by funneling servicemembers' claims into a private system  set up by corporations. Buried deep within the fine print of everyday  contracts, forced arbitration clauses block the brave men and women in  uniform, as well as their family members, from having their day in  court to hold corporations accountable for breaking the law.   Charles Beard's story is an example of how forced arbitration impacts  our servicemembers. While Charles, a former sergeant in the Army  National Guard, was on tour in Iraq, the bank repossessed his family  car in clear violation of SCRA. It was the only vehicle his wife and  five children could rely on.   When they attempted to hold the bank accountable for violating his  rights, they forced his claim into arbitration citing a clause in  Charles' contract that he was required to sign to purchase the car,  which waived his constitutional right to a jury trial.   This private system does not to have the same procedural safeguards  of our justice system. It is not subject to oversight, it does not have  a judge or jury, and it is not bound by laws passed by Congress or the  States. These clauses allow companies to choose the arbiter and venue  while denying servicemembers any right to appeal.   This is nothing short of corporate takeover or our Nation's system of  laws, and the American people have had enough. The overwhelming  majority of voters, including 83 percent of Democrats and 87 percent of  Republicans support ending forced arbitration. It is time to act.   My bipartisan amendment would end this shameful practice by  clarifying that arbitration clauses are only enforceable if agreed to  by servicemembers or their family after a dispute arises, thereby  protecting their rights under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.   As a Nation devoted to protecting our brave men and women in uniform,  we have to ensure that their rights are actually enforceable in court.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Guy Reschenthaler,  Jared Golden, Anthony Brown, and Veterans Affairs Chairman Mark Takano  for their strong, bipartisan support for this amendment to protect our  men and women in uniform.  [[Page H4816]]    This provision was incorporated in both the 2020 and 2021 NDAA. Madam  Speaker, I urge my colleagues, again, to support this amendment and  protect American servicemembers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano), the distinguished chairman of the Veterans  Affairs Committee.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains?    Madam Speaker, when my friend said that the  arbitration generally works, he is right, it generally works for big,  powerful corporations, employers, financial institutions, but it  doesn't work for servicemen and women who are serving our country in  the military.   It makes it harder, it is more difficult, it is more costly. And, by  the way, if you want to go to arbitration, you can elect to do it, you  just can't be forced into it if this amendment passes. We hear our  friends all the time say to stand up for the men and women in uniform,  show it by voting for this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   