 Mr. President, reserving the  right to object, I rise today to ask support of this body to fix a  problem in the American Rescue Plan, a bill that was passed in a rushed  manner with no input from Republicans.   I do not rise today to debate the underlying bill, although there  could be plenty to debate about it, but to make the point we can  multitask and address more than one time-sensitive issue at a time.   We need to protect senior citizens and ensure we aren't making cuts  to a vital program like Medicare, and today we will do that.   But we have another issue that we can address today as well.   In the American Rescue Plan, Democrats punished red States, like  Indiana, for keeping unemployment low, by taking a smart approach to  COVID, by balancing public safety with the economy.   Now they want to tell States that they can't cut taxes through 2024,  despite being good stewards day in and day out of taxpayer money over  the past year.   This provision is so troubling that 21 State AGs sent a letter to the  Treasury raising the following concerns about the tax cut prohibition:   It imposes an ambiguous condition on Federal funding; it results in  Federal conditions that don't relate to the Federal interest for which  the program was established; it violates separation of powers and  fundamental democratic principles and effectively commandeers half of  the States' fiscal ledgers; and, ultimately, it is unconstitutionally  coercive.   Treasury said last week that States can still cut their taxes; they  just can't use American Rescue Plan money to do it. But Governors and  State legislatures are still confused.   One midwestern attorney general has asked a Federal judge to block  the tax cut prohibition. Multiple tax professionals and outside groups  say there are many questions still left unanswered.   We can stop this entire mess by adopting my amendment, the Let States  Cut Taxes Act, an amendment to stop the Federal Government's  unconstitutional overreach on States' rights.   Therefore, I ask that the Senator modify his request to include my  amendment, which is at the desk, and that following disposition of the  Scott amendment, the Senate vote on my amendment with a 60-affirmative- vote threshold for adoption.    Reserving the right to object, coming from the world of  business, I have been dismayed by Washington's inability to fix  problems in a timely, rational manner, and that has been over a stretch  of many years before I got here.   I do, respectfully, disagree with my friend from West Virginia. We  should fix this tax cut prohibition right now that was forced into the  American Rescue Plan in the wee hours of the morning.   If we want to fix a commonsense problem, we are being told that our  only choice is to hold Hoosier seniors hostage. This is the most  deliberative body in the world; this cannot be the best the Senate has  to offer.   We must get the Federal Government out of the way and stop  complicating and confusing States. They should be allowed to do their  jobs.   And, by the way, they do their jobs--balancing their budgets every  year, living within their means. Most of the rest of the country  accepts that as well.   Given the looming April 1 deadline for cuts to return to Medicare, I  am not willing to let Hoosier seniors suffer. As a result, I will  withdraw my amendment in the interest of seniors across Indiana.   I look forward to working with the two leaders after the recess to  fix this issue. I will not object.   