 Madam Speaker, H.R. 5376, the Build Back Better Act,  provides critical investments to lower the everyday costs that face  working families in the Marianas and across America--from health care  to education to job training to child care and more.   The Act appropriates $1 billion for critical infrastructure in the  Marianas and other insular areas which could create new jobs and  improve the quality of life for all in our islands.   The bill helps more Marianas families access the health care they  need by increasing base funding for Medicaid to $70 million and making  permanent the current 83 percent federal/17 percent local shares for  Medicaid, a ratio better than any State in the Nation.   Dental, vision, and hearing services are also added as mandatory  Medicaid benefits.   The over 2,000 seniors and others in the Marianas who are insured  through Medicare would be eligible for hearing aids, a new program  benefit. And for those who also participate in the Medicare Part D drug  program out of pocket costs are capped at $2,000.   As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary and  Secondary Education, I strongly support the transformative investments  the Act makes in education from birth, universal pre-kindergarten and  all the way to placement in a rewarding career.   Our youngest learners in the Marianas will have access to high- quality, child care up to age 5 and universal free pre-kindergarten.   And 10,800 Marianas students, who receive free lunches in school,  will qualify for a supplemental summer feeding program of $65 per  month.   The Build Back Better Act includes my College Access Act which  provides bachelor's degree students from the Marianas up to $15,000 per  year to make up the difference between in-state and out-of-state  tuition at public colleges.   Moreover, the Act increases the maximum annual Pell grant for low- income students to $7,045. The White House estimates there are 1,032  students in the Marianas who rely on Pell to cover tuition, books,  housing, and other expenses.   The legislation helps job seekers in the Marianas get placed with  career and training opportunities with the inclusion of provisions from  my Employment Services and Jobs Parity Act and Job Corps Nationwide Act  making funding from these federal programs available for the first  time.   The Build Back Better Act extends the Child Tax Credit that has  already provided $28.7 million this year to Marianas families. Parents  would also benefit from funding that ensures they pay no more 7 percent  of their income for high quality child care and a new paid family leave  policy, providing four weeks of paid leave in the case of birth or  illness.   And money in the bill will help the Marianas reduce its reliance on  fossil fuels by opening offshore wind lease sales and cover the full  cost of new tax credits for electric vehicles and residential solar and  wind systems.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5376 to help all communities in  our country build back better.   