 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone for yielding, and I  thank him for his work on this piece of legislation, along with Mrs.  Dingell, a member of the committee. Obviously, the gentlewoman's  deceased husband was chairman of this committee and ranking member for  many, many years and was a leader in many respects on addressing  environmental challenges. This is an environmental challenge. There is  no disagreement on that. There, obviously, is disagreement on  specifics.   The gentleman who just spoke, in a very knowledgeable and thoughtful  way, said he hopes this legislation moves forward, but he is in  opposition to it. I understand he does not want it to pass. But his  comment was that, hopefully, this would be perfected in the legislative  process.   Now, I do not claim to be, Mr. Speaker, an expert on this chemical. I  do know, however, that it affects my district, and every single  congressional district in our country is affected by this challenge.  That is because every district has faced the challenge of PFAS  contamination, which has affected nearly 2,800 communities according to  an analysis by the Environmental Working Group. I heard a figure of  about 9,200 sites as well from the ranking member.   Like countless other districts in the country, Maryland's Fifth  District, which I have the privilege of representing, contamination has  been detected at military installations. We are proud of our military  installations. Pax River is a, I think, world leading air test,  research, and evaluation center for naval air, as well as other air,  including helicopters of the Army. Also in my district is the Naval  Research Laboratory, Chesapeake Bay Detachment.   The citizens surrounding them are concerned, rightly, about what the  contamination may have done to the water they and their children drink  or bathe in. Thankfully, the defense authorization that we enacted in  2019 required our military to transition away from the use of PFAS  chemicals in firefighting fluids, a major source of contamination.    However, the PFAS pollution that has already occurred needs to be  cleaned up, and this legislation would set requirements and deadlines  for EPA to do so. Our citizens deserve to have that done. We must  prevent PFAS chemicals from entering drinking water used by our  communities. I think there is no disagreement on that.   PFAS has been called a forever chemical. Apparently, the biological  fact of life is that it does not degrade over long periods of time,  because they can linger in the human body for a whole lifetime, causing  health effects ranging from cancers to reproductive and immune system  deficiencies.   For 4 years, the previous administration claimed that it would take  action through the EPA to protect Americans from PFAS contamination.  Perhaps if they had done so, we wouldn't have this legislation; but  they did not do so. They failed to protect the American people from  these harmful chemicals. So the committee has acted in this instance  and previously.   Now it is time for Congress to act. Again, I am not an expert on this  legislation, but I do know that the committee has carefully weighed how  to make sure that we move forward, and in the view of people more  expert than I, will not preclude every chemical from being utilized in  needed and important items that we use every day in our society, but  will provide, because of the designation as a hazardous material, that  it be cleaned up where it is necessary to do so.   It ensures that EPA finally takes measures to prevent future release  of PFAS chemicals into our environment and clean them up where such  contamination has occurred.   Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me, not just  because this is so important to the people living in Maryland's Fifth  District, but because it is critical to all Americans living in each  and every one of our districts.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage the Senate to join us in taking this step to  protect Americans' access to drinking water and look carefully at the  issues that have been raised by the ranking member, legitimate issues  in the sense that, yes, we ought to make sure that we are doing the  right thing and that the good is not outweighed by the bad.   In this instance, I think it is very clear that the good of this  bill, the objectives of this bill, and the specifics of this bill, will  redound to the benefit of the American people and each and every one of  our communities, and I urge my colleagues, therefore, to vote ``yes.''   