 Mr. President, I rise to support Kiran Ahuja's nomination  to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management, or OPM. Ms. Ahuja  is a proven leader who has the experience and commitment needed to  restore confidence in OPM and provide a vision for the future of the  Federal workforce.   OPM is an independent agency that supports more than 2 million  Federal employees who serve all across the government. Both OPM and the  Federal workforce have faced unprecedented challenges in recent years,  from attempts to dismantle the agency, to a record-setting government  shutdown, to the coronavirus pandemic. And unfortunately, these  challenges were made worse due to the lack of consistent and committed  leadership at OPM. Our dedicated public servants are on the frontline  every day, responding to the ongoing pandemic, protecting our national  security, and delivering vital services to the American people each and  every day. The dedicated men and women who serve at OPM and throughout  the civil service deserve a qualified, experienced leader who is  committed to supporting the people who make government work.   Ms. Ahuja's career includes over two decades of management  experience, including running nonprofit organizations, leading the  White House initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders during  the Obama administration, and serving as Chief of Staff at OPM.   Throughout this confirmation process, Ms. Ahuja has demonstrated that  she understands the mission of OPM and the experience of safeguarding  the nonpartisan civil service. She has committed to working closely and  transparently with Congress to strengthen and to modernize the Federal  workforce.   I am confident that Ms. Ahuja is the right person to lead OPM at this  pivotal time. She will provide the strategic vision and the management  needed to reinvigorate the Federal workforce.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the confirmation of  Kiran Ahuja for Director of OPM.    Madam President, I rise in support of Kiran Ahuja and her  nomination to be the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, or  the OPM. OPM needs an experienced, qualified leader who is committed to  the Federal workforce and is invested in their future.   Ms. Ahuja is that leader. She understands the unique challenges  facing OPM, and she has the management experience and vision needed to  restore and strengthen the workforce. I am confident that Ms. Ahuja is  the right person to lead OPM at this pivotal time. I urge my colleagues  to join me in supporting the confirmation of Kiran Ahuja for Director  of OPM.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   