 Madam President, I have now come to the Senate floor 12  times to speak against President Biden's unconstitutional and unwise  vaccine mandate. I have introduced 12 bills to counter and limit the  mandate. Each time I have asked for one of these bills--each of which  should be uncontroversial--and tried to get the Senate to pass them,  one Senator or another from across the aisle has objected.   Some of these bills have required only transparency. Other bills  would have ensured that religious and medical exemptions be honored.  Others still would simply require parental consent before vaccinating  children.   While far from the right answer of empowering Americans with all the  information to make the decision themselves on when, whether, and under  what circumstances to receive the COVID-19 vaccine, these commonsense  bills would make the situation better. Each one of them would make it  better. Each one of them is and properly should be uncontroversial.   Now, throughout the process, I have been criticized by those on the  other side of the aisle. I have been accused of attacking science and  our institutions and somehow perpetuating the virus. Nothing could be  further from the truth--nothing. I am for the vaccine. I have been  vaccinated. Every member of my family has been vaccinated. I have  encouraged others to be vaccinated all along. Nevertheless, Madam  President, my support for the vaccine cannot, must not, and will never  supersede my sworn oath to uphold, protect, and defend the Constitution  of the United States; nor can it supersede the rights of Americans who  should, in any free society, in any fair society, be at liberty to make  their own properly informed medical decisions. This right has been  recognized and it has been rightly celebrated throughout American  history.   Another principle deeply enshrined, embedded, built into our  Constitution that has been wholly ignored in implementing this mandate  and countless other infringements of the rights and freedoms of  Americans is the separation of powers. Checks and balances require that  all ministers, consuls, and officers of the United States be confirmed  by the advice and consent of the Senate. Some of us take that  responsibility very seriously.   Any commissioned officer in the military being promoted to O-4 rank  or higher requires Senate confirmation. That, of course, is the  equivalent of a major in the Army. In other areas of government,  positions such as members of the Advisory Board for Cuba Broadcasting,  the board of the African Development Foundation, members of the  National Councils on the Arts and Humanities, members of the National  Science Board, and board members of the Corporation for National and  Community Service all require Senate confirmation--every one of them.   Oddly, one position that has exerted huge power over the American  people, particularly in recent years, does not require Senate  confirmation. The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention manages over 10,000 employees and has requested over $15  billion for the Centers' fiscal year 2022 budget.   The CDC, in recent months, has suspended property rights nationwide.  It has provided capricious recommendations that local and State  officials have used to strictly limit freedoms across the country. The  CDC has shown through its own actions and the effects of those actions  just how powerful it is. The sheer immensity of the CDC's power has  been demonstrated over and over and over again on wide public, very  prominent display for the American people to see and witness and  experience.   We can and we should debate the authorities of the CDC here in  Congress because Congress is, of course, the branch of government most  accountable to the people at the most regular intervals. That is why  the most dangerous powers, really, are lodged here,  [[Page S7585]]  is because of the fact that we stand accountable to the people at the  most regular intervals. Every Member of the House stands for election  every 2 years. A third of the Senate stands for reelection every 2  years. So we should debate and discuss the authorities of the CDC here  in Congress for that very reason.   I look forward to that discussion, which we need to have more of, but  the matter at hand today is much simpler. We must consider whether the  CDC Director ought to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Now, it is  absurd to think that someone so powerful can assume this office with no  say whatsoever from the legislative branch. It is even more absurd to  say that the Senate confirms members of an advisory board on  broadcasting in Cuba to protect the interests of the American people-- those we represent and those who elected us--but that it has no  business confirming someone to be the Director of the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention.   My bill would fix that problem. The Restoring Trust in Public Health  Act would require that the CDC Director be confirmed by the Senate.  This bill is cosponsored by Senators Blackburn, Tuberville, Sullivan,  Braun, Tillis, and Scott of Florida. I appreciate their support for  this long-past-due measure.   In order to increase trust in the vaccine and trust in government, we  must return transparency and accountability to the process. This bill,  in the spirit of the Constitution, would provide an important check on  government power and give the people a say in the CDC.   Now, today, I had planned to ask the Senate to pass this bill by  unanimous consent. However, just in the last few hours, I have learned  that negotiations are now underway and a deal may well be struck in  order to make this proposal or something very similar to it law. In  light of that development, I will withhold my live UC request for  today. But I will note here that if progress isn't made on such a deal,  I will be back soon--certainly before the end of the year--to ask this  body to immediately take up and pass S. 2734.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   