 Mr. President, I rise to speak to my amendment that is  completely germane to the discussion of infrastructure. I can't think  of more important infrastructure that would actually secure our  homeland from a variety of threats.   But as I have always said, coming from a manufacturing background,  the first step in solving a problem is admitting you have one, and  right now this administration is in a complete state of denial  regarding the crisis that is on the border.   This crisis has been growing. It is not a seasonal surge; this is a  growing problem. This has been a growing problem, and I have my chart  here that demonstrates that.   Here is January. This is when President Biden came into office. You  can see the enormous surge of the crisis he created. Vice President  Harris went down to Central America looking for the root cause of this  crisis. She only would have had to walk into the Oval Office and look  at President Biden because President Biden is the root cause of this  crisis.   It is his policies, the dismantling of successful policies from the  previous administration that had stemmed the flow, that had largely  secured our border until this President took office and reversed all  that progress. It is a real shame.   Let me just give you the numbers because you have to describe the  problem. This has been growing. For the last 4 or 5 months, in  particular, we have been averaging, first, almost 6,000 and now over  6,000 apprehensions per day--6,000. In June it was 6,249. In July it  will probably be over 6,500. There have been weeks we believe it is  over 7,000 people per day coming in and being apprehended at the  border.   Now, that doesn't even count the 750 to 1,000 known got-aways. DHS is  now--or CPP, at least, is now estimating that is going to result in  about 269,000 people coming into this country that we know they came  in; we just couldn't catch them. This also doesn't even describe or  enumerate how many unknown got-aways.   So, again, the fact of the matter is, from January through July,  approximately 1.3 million people have been apprehended coming into this  country without documentation. About 173,000 of those individuals have  been released in the interior, either with a notice to appear or, even  worse, a notice to report. If you multiply that times 2, that is  346,000 people dispersed to all points of America.   DHS, this administration, is not notifying the States, not notifying  the cities that these individuals, apparently claiming asylum, are  coming into communities near you. You add that to the 269,000 estimated  known got-aways, that is over 600,000 people just this year. That is  larger than the population in the State of Wyoming. It is approaching  the population of the State of Vermont.   And, again, this is while we have the title 42 restrictions in place.  Probably about 900,000 people in the first 7 months had been returned  under title 42. If the administration ends that program, imagine the  surge.    Now, there once was a time when securing the border was a nonpartisan  issue. Senator McCain led the charge. In 2006, this body passed, on a  vote of 80 to 19, the Secure Fence Act, which was going to build about  700 miles of fence. In the end, only 36 miles was double-layer fencing;  the rest was pretty ineffective, as we have seen.   But voting for that bill was President Biden, President Obama,  Senator Carper, Secretary of State Clinton, Senator Feinstein, Senator  Schumer, Senator Wyden, Senator Stabenow. This was a bipartisan effort  to secure our border. But somewhere between 2006 and 2021, this has  become a partisan issue.   Now, what is absurd is, in the last administration, again, we pretty  well solved the problem, had allocated about $10 billion to build the  fence. It has all been contracted. It has all been paid for. We have  built about 453 miles of the 738 miles that was contracted for; 285  miles remain unbuilt.   An exit report by Senator Lankford shows that we have spent about $2  billion getting out of those contracts--$2 billion to not build the  wall. It is costing us $3 million a day just to guard the steel fencing  that is lying there not being used.   So my amendment is very simple. It is very common sense. It says,  please, let's recognize fences work. Certainly, Congress recognized it  when we put a double layer around the people's House for a number of  months, spent hundreds of millions of dollars on that security effort.   So let's not waste the taxpayers' money. Let's recognize walls work.  We need to complete the 285 miles of wall that will help secure our  border, that will help secure our homeland, and that will help keep  Americans safe.   It is a very simple amendment. Let's hope it is not a partisan  result.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, in quick response, the prior  administration's--what the good Senator claimed a ``boondoggle''  worked.   During this comprehensive review by this administration--again, this  administration is the root cause of this problem; they caused this--the  problem is growing worse. It is not getting better.   Congress, by supporting a double layer of fence around this Capitol  for months, spent hundreds of millions of dollars keeping us safe and  secure, recognizes that fencing and walls work.   Again, this fencing has been paid for. This wall has been paid for.  Two billion dollars will be wasted. Three million dollars a day will be  wasted. This is just common sense, and it will improve the security of  this Nation.   And, again, in 2006, this was a bipartisan type of effort. Building  700 miles of fence was bipartisan: 80 to 19. It should be bipartisan  today. I am urging my colleagues, let's finish building this wall.  Let's not waste billions of dollars in taxpayer money.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I need to respond quickly.    Mr. President, I need to respond quickly.  [[Page S5801]]    Senator Carper was talking about root causes. The root cause of the  instability--the primary cause of the violence in Central America is  Americans' insatiable demand for drugs. If you solve that problem, you  solve the root cause of the problem, and you won't have the violence.   But the root cause of this current crisis--because it was already  solved--the root cause of this current crisis is President Biden's  policies. President Biden is the root cause. So if you want to fix  this, we can fix it. Secure the border. Go back to the policies that  worked. We are not going to be able to fix Central America until we end  our insatiable demand for drugs.   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   