 Mr. Speaker, in 1937, a freshman Member of Congress who  held my seat, Representative William Fitzgerald, from Norwich,  Connecticut, led the effort to pass the first National Apprenticeship  Act. After being signed into law by President Roosevelt, this remained  largely untouched for 83 years, yet the registered apprenticeship  system it created has buoyed the Nation through decades of tumultuous  change in our economy and its workforce.   The Fitzgerald Act is simple. It instructs the Secretary of Labor to  bring together employers and workers, and using national standards,  develop apprenticeship programs and work with State agencies to carry  out certifications all across the country. With that elegant framework,  the registered apprenticeship program has expanded to 1,200 recognized  occupations, enrolling thousands of new apprentices each year. Upon  completion of a registered apprenticeship, workers can expect to earn  an average of $70,000 per year. All this was achieved with a tiny  Federal investment.   Today, we take an historic step to build on its success with the  first-ever reauthorization of the Fitzgerald Act to size up and grow  its proven model. H.R. 447 creates a dedicated source of funding to  State apprenticeship offices that will connect more employers to  trainees and launches competitive grants to start apprentices in new  sectors of the economy and, thus, recruit underserved populations.   This bill will enact those reforms yet remain true to the crown jewel  of Fitzgerald's vision, safeguarding national standards so that workers  and employers can trust that the program's skills and certifications  are high-quality and, thus, transportable.   In Connecticut, I have seen how registered apprenticeships help  first-time employers. Chris Jewell of Bozrah, Connecticut said this  about his metal fabrication shop's new participation in the program:  ``The training money we received allowed us to take a chance on  employees that we felt were ready to make the next step in their career  path.''   Those workers and others at Chris' shop are thriving today in high- paying jobs because of the Fitzgerald Act. This bill will multiply that  success for millions at just the time our Nation's ailing economy needs  it the most. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill.   