 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in strong support of our  U.S. Coast Guard.   For more than 230 years, the U.S. Coast Guard has watched over our  shores, protected against foreign threats, lent a helping hand to those  in need of rescue, and enforced the rule of law.   The Coast Guard lives by its motto, ``Always Ready,'' and has earned  the trust and admiration of the American people. America could not do  without this uniquely capable branch of our military.   The Coast Guard is so effective and so versatile that it is tasked  with 11 statutory missions spanning the entire globe.   One of the best known Coast Guard missions is search and rescue. The  Coast Guard carries out 45 search and rescue missions on an average  day, saving the lives and property of Americans in dire need.    The Coast Guard also protects our ports and inland waterways,  facilitating billions of dollars in trade and maintaining the  navigation aids that make sea commerce possible. In today's global  economy, 80 percent of international trade travels by sea. The Coast  Guard plays a crucial role in screening commercial vessels, patrolling  maritime infrastructure, and servicing aids to navigation, such as  beacons and buoys. Each of these functions contributes to our Nation's  prosperity and security.   The Coast Guard is also increasingly involved in homeland security.  It is largely the Coast Guard's job to deter potential threats before  they arrive in U.S. ports. Coast Guard men and women can be found in  every major port in America, conducting security boardings and  escorting passenger and cargo vessels into our waterways. The Coast  Guard also helps to enforce U.S. migration laws and saves the lives of  those who foolishly risk everything to travel on unseaworthy vessels.   Beyond this, the Coast Guard plays a crucial role in blocking  narcotics and illegal weapons from entering our country. It is not  uncommon for Americans to open their news feeds and read a report about  the latest multimillion-dollar drug bust carried out at sea by the  Coast Guard. In one recent example, three Coast Guard cutters joined  efforts to intercept more than 11,000 pounds of cocaine valued at $220  million. That was a remarkable feat, but not unusual for the U.S. Coast  Guard.   As the polar regions attract more interest from Congress, it should  be known that the Coast Guard is America's surface presence in both the  Arctic and the Antarctic waters. Coast Guard icebreakers carry out a  wide range of operations, allowing us to have a sustained presence in  Antarctica and conduct research in some of the most remote corners of  the Earth.   If all of these roles were not enough, the Coast Guard is taking on  greater responsibilities in national security. Partnering side-by-side  with the Navy, today's Coast Guard conducts freedom of navigation  operations in the South China Sea, provides maritime security in the  Middle East, and deters illegal fishing in international waters.   This long list of responsibilities should make two things very clear:  First, the Coast Guard is indeed capable and adept; and, secondly, it  is being stretched increasingly thin. Today, the Coast Guard is being  asked to carry out almost every maritime task imaginable, but Coast  Guard funding has not kept up with these increased demands. The fifth  branch of our military needs the certainty, predictable funding, and  authorities necessary to accomplish all of its missions.   Congress has the ability to meet these needs, and I am asking my  colleagues to do so by supporting a new bill, the Unwavering Support  for Our Coast Guard Act. This legislation would essentially do five  things.   No. 1, it would protect pay and allowances for Coast Guard members  during the government shutdown. During the latest government shutdown,  the Coast Guard members went without pay yet continued to serve  admirably. This should not be allowed to happen again. We need to  safeguard Coast Guard pay and allowances from failures here in  Washington.   No. 2, the legislation would provide full funding to eliminate the  shore-side facility maintenance backlog while building resilience into  these facilities.   No. 3, the bill would enhance the diversity of the Coast Guard.   No. 4, it would support needed renovations at the Coast Guard Yard in  Maryland.   And, No. 5, the bill would require the Coast Guard to tell us the  assets and facilities it needs to complete all of its missions.   For too long, the Coast Guard has been asked to do more with less.  Congress needs to understand the true cost of modernizing and  recapitalizing our Coast Guard fleet to meet its mission requirements  in the increasingly complex maritime domain.   I am proud of my State's role in supporting the Coast Guard's fleet  recapitalization efforts. Mississippi is building two of the vessels  that will be the vanguard of our Coast Guard for years to come: the  National Security Cutter and the cutting-edge Polar Security Cutter.   The National Security Cutters have already proven themselves to be  the most capable and versatile ships the Coast Guard has ever used.  They can deploy all around the world and integrate seamlessly with our  NATO allies, and use next-generation technologies, like unmanned  drones, to extend their reach. These cutters are especially effective  at countering drug smuggling, illegal fishing, and illegal movement of  migrants.   America will also benefit significantly from the new Polar Security  Cutters, which will be the first heavy icebreakers built in America  since the 1970s. Our current fleet of icebreakers is aging and  shrinking. We have fallen  [[Page S4531]]  far behind Russia in our icebreaker fleet, and the Arctic is quickly  becoming a critical national security domain. A fleet of new Polar  Security Cutters will allow us to maintain a heavy presence in polar  regions and keep our adversaries at bay.   America needs a capable and growing Coast Guard, and the Coast Guard  needs the support of this legislation. I look forward to working with  my colleagues to provide the Coast Guard with the resources it needs to  continue its exemplary service to our Nation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Lt. Samuel  Krakower, a U.S. Coast Guard fellow with my staff, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of this Congress.   