 Madam Speaker, I thank the vice chair for yielding.   Like many of my colleagues, I was right here on the House floor when  the violent mob attacked our Capitol. I saw those doors shaking, nearly  overrun with rioters attempting to enter. I saw my colleagues shed  their jackets and roll up their sleeves preparing for the eventuality.  And I saw Capitol Police acting quickly and thoughtfully to conduct a  successful evacuation of Members from this Chamber. Their actions,  undoubtedly, saved lives.    What we didn't know at the time was that on the steps of the Capitol,  the Capitol Police and the Metro PD officers were engaged in brutal  hand-to-hand combat. Officer Michael Fanone told us he was grabbed,  beaten, and tased, all while being called a traitor to this country.   This is what officers dealt with to defend our democracy. Some lost  their lives; many are still living with both the physical wounds and  the trauma that they suffered that day. This is what our officers dealt  with to defend democracy.   Officer Harry Dunn told us more than 6 months later, January 6 still  isn't over for me. These officers are heroes. I want to thank the chair  and the vice chair for their leadership in making our first order of  business hearing directly from those heroes in their own words.   We wanted to hear and make sure that all of our colleagues and this  country heard firsthand what we experienced on the ground that day. We  asked them to explain the violence they had to endure to protect our  democratic process, and in return, they made one simple request: to get  to the bottom of this.   They want answers, and, quite frankly, they deserve answers. So far,  both the Metro PD and the Capitol Police  [[Page H5763]]  have been excellent allies in this investigation. They have cooperated,  shared their stories and expertise, and provided us with key evidence  and accounts of the violence they endured that day. And we owe it to  them to see this investigation through.   The vote we take today is a crucial step toward removing a roadblock  in our investigation. We owe it to every officer who put their life on  the line that day and every day to protect us here in the Capitol. We  owe them answers. And this committee intends to get to those answers by  all means necessary.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  resolution.   