 Madam President, I rise to oppose the nomination of Xavier  Becerra for Secretary of Health and Human Services.   There are, unfortunately, numerous nominees in the Biden  administration who are either extreme or unqualified for the positions  for which they have been nominated, but of all of those nominees, I  believe Mr. Becerra is the single worst Cabinet nominee put forward by  Joe Biden to serve in the Cabinet.   President Biden has told this country repeatedly that his top  priority is defeating the COVID-19 pandemic. The Department of Health  and Human Services is on the frontline in fighting COVID-19. Mr.  Becerra, by any measure, is woefully unqualified to lead that  Department.   Mr. Becerra is not a doctor. Mr. Becerra is not a scientist. Mr.  Becerra has no healthcare experience whatsoever. He has no medical  experience whatsoever. He has no experience in virology. He has no  experience with pharmaceuticals. He has no experience running a State  or local healthcare agency. He has no experience in logistics. The  Department of HHS is in the process of distributing and administering  hundreds of millions of vaccines. Mr. Becerra has never so much as  distributed french fries at a McDonald's.   Mr. Becerra's only qualification and, indeed, the qualification that  earned him this nomination is he is a radical, leftwing trial attorney.   If a Republican President had nominated as the head of the Health and  Human Services Agency someone with zero healthcare experience, zero  medical experience, zero pharmaceutical experience in the midst of a  global pandemic, that Republican President would have been laughed out  of the room.   If a Republican President had done that, all of the Democrats would  have been lined up here thundering: This is a President that doesn't  care about science. We would have heard Democrats telling us: This is a  President for whom defeating COVID-19 is not a priority, is not  serious.   ``This is a President,'' our Democratic colleagues would have told  us, ``who puts partisan priorities above defeating the public health  menace of COVID-19. This is a President who is more concerned about  appeasing his radical base than he is about protecting the public  health and safety of Americans.''   Had a Republican President nominated a nominee as unqualified as Mr.  Becerra, I feel confident the Democrats would not have been alone. We  would see multiple Republican Senators standing up, saying: No. We  should actually have an HHS Secretary who knows something about  science. We should have an HHS Secretary who knows something about  medicine, something about pharmaceuticals.   I would note, by the way, President Trump nominated two HHS  Secretaries. The first, Dr. Tom Price, was a medical doctor; the  second, Alex Azar, was president of a major pharmaceutical company in  the United States. Both had years and even decades of healthcare  experience.   As best I can tell, Xavier Becerra's only experience with healthcare  is  [[Page S1593]]  suing the Little Sisters of the Poor. Frankly, it should be a joke.   If a Republican President did this, a Republican Senate would  discover the backbone to stand up and oppose it. And what I would say  is sad is not a single Democrat is willing to stand up to Joe Biden and  say: No. Try again. It is a pandemic. Over a half million Americans  have died. How about putting someone at HHS that knows something about  healthcare?   I will tell you right now, every Senator that supports this  confirmation, when they go home, should be prepared to answer to their  constituents--should be prepared to answer when their constituents say:  Why did you vote to confirm a guy at HHS who doesn't know anything  about science or healthcare or medicine? Why, in the middle of a  pandemic, did you put in a radical, leftwing trial lawyer instead of  someone that could help us beat this pandemic?   And for all the Democratic Senators who love to intone gravely  ``Listen to the science,'' that is actually--that sentiment is correct.  We should listen to the science, which means we should have someone  leading HHS who knows something about science   My career, as a lawyer, has been litigating cases before the U.S.  Supreme Court. If a President asked me to lead the Department of HHS in  the midst of a pandemic, I would tell that President: With all due  respect, I don't have the professional experience or expertise to do  that job. There are other jobs for which I would be qualified, but in a  pandemic, the Health and Human Services Department should have someone  who knows a damn thing about healthcare.   Instead of knowing anything about science or medicine or viruses or  virology or immunizations, what Mr. Becerra does know about is  persecuting citizens who don't share his radical, leftwing ideology.   Mr. Becerra, as attorney general of California, has demonstrated a  consistent pattern of contempt for privacy. While attorney general, he  used his partisan power to overcome the individual privacy rights of  California. As attorney general, he demanded that thousands of  registered charities annually disclose to his offices the names and  addresses of major donors, even though California law didn't require  that. But he used government power to violate their right to privacy.  Then what did he do? Did he keep it private for law enforcement  purposes to examine irregularities? No. Instead, he published the  information from nearly 2,000 organizations, subjecting donors and  those nonprofits to harassment and abuse.   Healthcare issues are personal. They are sensitive. When you and I go  to the doctor, we don't expect our doctor to share our personal  healthcare details with the world. Joe Biden has said to the American  people: We are going to put someone in charge of the Health and Human  Services Department who doesn't care about privacy and has a record of  ignoring your right to privacy.   Later this year, the U.S. Supreme Court will decide whether Mr.  Becerra's invasion of privacy violated the First Amendment to the  Constitution. While his disregard for privacy is before the Supreme  Court, what did Joe Biden do? He said: Let's put him in charge of  healthcare in this country.   A third reason Mr. Becerra's nomination is so concerning concerns  conscience protections.   The next HHS Secretary will be responsible for upholding the  conscience protections that are written into Federal law to protect the  rights of people of faith, whatever your faith--whether you are  Christian or Jewish or Muslim or whatever your faith might be, the  right of professionals, of citizens under the First Amendment to live  according to their faith.   But Mr. Becerra, as attorney general, aggressively defended a  California law that forced pro-life groups to advertise for abortion, a  law that the Supreme Court deemed unconstitutional under the First  Amendment.   Think about that for a second. He was so radical in going after and  persecuting conscience rights, he wanted pro-life groups to advertise  for abortion, and it took the U.S. Supreme Court to strike it down and  say: That is unconstitutional. Joe Biden wants him to bring the same  heavyhanded zealotry to the Health and Human Services Department.   And Mr. Becerra has not shown that it is just free speech that he has  antagonism to, but it is religious liberty as well. Mr. Becerra has  defended California's targeting of churches holding indoor services.  The State of California concluded that if you go to an indoor service  at a church and you pray or you sing or you worship, you are a public  health menace. But if you go to a protest, if you go to other secular  activities where the name of God is not invoked, then, magically, this  virus is not contagious. It is ludicrous. It was facially absurd. It  was driven by an unconstitutional animus toward people of faith, and it  took the U.S. Supreme Court to strike it down and to say the policy  that Mr. Becerra was defending is unconstitutional. Government cannot  target people of faith.   So you have got a nominee with no healthcare experience, no medical  experience, no scientific experience, but a record of being a radical,  persecuting those with whom he disagrees, who has repeatedly gone  before the U.S. Supreme Court and lost over and over again for  violating the First Amendment, for violating free speech, for violating  religious liberty. He is now currently before the Supreme Court for  violating the privacy rights of Californians.   Do you want an HHS Secretary who doesn't respect your privacy, who  doesn't respect your free speech or religious liberty? Do you want an  HHS Secretary who is not qualified to draw blood or give a shot, who  doesn't know how to distribute vaccines, who has never distributed  anything?   If nominations and confirmations were based on the merits, were based  on qualification to serve, Mr. Becerra's nomination would be rejected  by this Senate by a vote of 100 to nothing. The fact that that is  unlikely to happen and that every Democrat will march lockstep with the  Biden administration to confirm a nominee who has no healthcare  experience whatsoever in the midst of a global pandemic show just how  profoundly partisan and radicalized today's Democratic Party is.   I believe all of us should be united in demanding a Health and Human  Services Secretary who is actually qualified to protect our health and  defeat this pandemic.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote against this  nomination   