 Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great sadness and anger  over the events that transpired on January 6, and I rise with steadfast  determination to take every possible action to ensure that those who  incited and committed the unconscionable acts on that day are brought  to justice.   Last week's violent insurrection on the U.S. Capitol left at least  six people dead and dozens injured. It was a stain on our Nation and  our democracy. They beat police officers, they murdered a police  officer, they planted pipe bombs, they brandished weapons, and they  left our Nation shocked and mourning.   Just as this Congress returned mere hours after this insurrection to  certify the lawful results of the 2020 Presidential election, we stand  here today prepared to take firm, decisive, and necessary action to  restore our country.   No President who invites thousands of his most devoted supporters to  Washington and urges them to fight his political enemies by committing  a seditious act on our democracy should be allowed to remain in office.   If the Vice President does not act to hold the President accountable,  then we leave this Nation vulnerable to future demagogues.   That brings us here today, on this somber day, to carry out our  sacred oath to defend and protect the Constitution from all enemies,  foreign and domestic.  [[Page H129]]    Mr. Speaker, I will vote to impeach those responsible, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great sadness and anger over the  events that transpired on January 6th, and steadfast determination to  take every possible action to ensure those who incited and committed  the unconscionable acts on that day are brought to justice.   Last week's violent insurrection on the U.S. Capitol, which has left  at least five people dead and dozens injured, was a stain on our nation  and our democracy. The President's blatantly false claims about  election fraud, which were parroted by current administration officials  and members of the House and Senate, finally reached a tipping point  last week when these boldface lies gave way to a violent assault on our  nation's Capitol. Even after 64 failed attempts in federal court to  substantiate the baseless claims about election fraud, the President,  his administration, and members of Congress continued to double down  and use these mistruths to incite a mob to stage a bloody insurrection  against the United States Government. They beat and murdered police  officers, they planted pipe bombs, brandished weapons, and left our  nation shocked and in mourning.   What does it mean, then, for America that a sitting President invited  thousands of his most fervent supporters to Washington and incited them  to commence a violent occupation of the world's citadel of democracy-- the United States Capitol?   Without a proper check and proportional response to these events, we  will be doomed to re-live the same hell over and over again. In time,  we will lose our democracy, our hallowed institutions, and irreparably  tear at the very fabric of our nation. As elected leaders of this  nation, we have a right, but more importantly, a moral obligation to  respond to those who incited this riot in the strongest possible terms.   Just as this Congress returned mere hours after this insurrection to  certify the lawful results of the 2020 Presidential election, we stand  here today prepared to take firm, decisive, and necessary action to  restore our country from the heinous state it spiraled into on 1/6/ 2021.   Mr. Speaker I rise today to implore the Vice President of the United  States and the members of the President's cabinet to invoke the 25th  Amendment and remove this dangerous President from office before he can  inflict more harm on our nation. It's time for the Vice President to  stand up for American democracy. I will also join my colleagues in  supporting articles of impeachment against the President.   The President's violent rhetoric and actions pose a significant  threat to our nation with every passing minute that he's allowed to  remain in office. No President who invites thousands of his most  devoted supporters to Washington and urges them to ``fight'' his  political enemies by committing a seditious attack on our Capitol  should be allowed to remain in office. Our nation has endured and  persevered through so much, and it will survive this President. But if  we do not act and hold him accountable, then we will leave our nation  vulnerable to a future demagogue. That brings us here on this somber  day to carry out our sacred oath to defend and protect the Constitution  from all enemies foreign and domestic.   I will vote to impeach this President, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same.   