 Mr. President, I think we are all aware President Biden  has decided to withdraw American troops from Afghanistan in September.  Now, some agree with his decision; some disagree with his decision. The  bill that I am about to talk about has nothing to do with the merits of  his decision.   There are about 18,000--not 1,800, 18,000--interpreters and members  of their immediate families who helped our troops fight the war in  Afghanistan against the Taliban and against ISIS. They are at risk.   There was an article in a leading newspaper yesterday. I will read  you the headline. It says: ``Afghan government could collapse 6 months  after US withdrawal.''   These 18,000 interpreters and their immediate families, who have  helped American troops, would like to get out. We have a visa process,  which is going very, very slowly. We will not be able to get all of  those 18,000 human beings out before the withdrawal in September. That  much is clear.   Again, my bill has nothing to do with the merits or lack thereof of  the war. My bill would direct the Secretary of Defense and the  Secretary of State to develop a plan to relocate the Afghan  interpreters and their immediate families who want to get out and bring  them to America.   Now, obviously, before we bring them to America, those who want to  come, we have to vet them. That is part of the problem. The vetting  process right now is very slow. Rather than try to put together a bill  that would set forth a specific plan to address this--I consider it a  crisis if you are 1 of those 18,000 human beings--my bill will just  direct the Defense Department and the State Department to come up with  a plan to present to us within 30 days.   Now, my guess, and it is only a guess, is that State and Defense are  going to come up with some plan to move those of the 18,000 who want to  leave Afghanistan to a safe third place other than America so that we  can continue to properly vet folks before they come into America. And I  suggest we do need to properly vet them, but I also suggest that, No.  1, this is about right and wrong. These people helped Americans, and  they helped American troops. And we owe them. And we don't want to see  them massacred. And, No. 2, if we allow them to be massacred, I think  it is going to send a message to many people throughout the world that  loyalty to America means nothing, absolutely nothing.   So, in a nutshell, this bill would ask our Defense Department and our  State Department, in the next 30 days, to give a plan to Congress to  properly vet and allow any of these 18,000 interpreters and their  families who helped American troops come to America.   With that, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 2216, which was introduced earlier today; further,  I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon table the table.    Mr. President, I respect my colleague, and I certainly  respect his right to object. I disagree.   We are all aware of what is going on in Afghanistan. The Afghan  Government is in a bitter fight to the end with the Taliban. And the  Taliban is winning. And the Taliban is ruthless. And they are going to  murder these people. They are going to murder them. And the blood is  going to be on American hands if we don't do something to help.   My proposal would not have required any of these 18,000 Afghans who  stood with American troops to beat back the Taliban and to beat back  ISIS--they stood with us at their own risk, at the risk of their own  kids, and their own spouses.   Now, we decided to leave. I am not saying that is right or wrong. I  have my own opinion, but that is not what this bill is about. And we  owe it to these 18,000 people to offer them a chance to live. And if we  don't do something, they are going to be butchered. They are going to  be gutted like  [[Page S4747]]  a deer--like a deer--and the blood is going to on American hands. And  the whole world is going to take notice.   There is right and wrong in this world. There is politics. There is a  time for it. But there is a time to do the right thing, and the right  thing is to help save these human lives who fought for America and  their families and their children.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   