 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every State of the Nation has many  infrastructure needs. In Iowa, we rely on our roads, bridges, air, and  freight to move our goods and people throughout Iowa, throughout the  United States, and eventually throughout the world. I am encouraged  that a bipartisan framework has been agreed to for moving forward on an  infrastructure bill. I will be interested in seeing more details about  the policy and the way to pay for the bill as the bill proceeds  forward.   Today, I would like to discuss one aspect of infrastructure, and that  is our inland waterways. For Iowa, that is the Mississippi and the  Missouri Rivers. For other States, it is a lot of other important  rivers.   I ask my colleagues to take this important mode of transportation  into account as they work on legislation. I have also sent this request  in a letter to both the Senate Environment and Public Works as well as  the Appropriations Committees.   The inland and intercostal waterways and our ports are vital to the  United States and serve 41 States throughout our Nation. Shippers and  consumers depend on the ability to move around 630 million tons of  cargo each year, valued at about $232 billion on these waterways. In  turn, the inland waterways system supports well over half a million  jobs.   Now, I am going to go into some of the information that is on the  chart here.   Our Nation's inland waterways system also provides a safe, cost- effective, fuel-efficient, and environmentally friendly way to move our  bulk products. This translates into more than $12 billion annually in  transportation savings to the American economy.   Furthermore--and when I say ``furthermore,'' this point is important  for the environment--1 gallon of fuel oil allows 1 ton of cargo to be  shipped 647 miles by barge as compared to 477 miles by rail and only  145 miles by truck.   In addition, the inland waterway transport generates far fewer  emissions of hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, and nitrous oxide than rail  or truck per million tons of miles does.   As for safety, there are 21--let's say 22 rail fatalities compared to  79 truck fatalities for every 1 fatality on the waterways system that I  am addressing.   By moving goods on inland waterways, we are helping to relieve  congestion on the roadways and adding to the Nation's economic  prosperity. Moving goods on inland waterways is the most efficient  transportation mode. A typical inland barge has a capacity 15 times  greater than 1 railcar and 60 times greater than 1 semi-trailer truck.  One 15-barge tow can move the equivalent of 216 railcars pulled by 6  locomotives or 1,050 semi-trailer trucks, just as a comparison of the  efficiency of this mode of transportation. If the cargo transported on  the inland waterways each year had to be moved by another mode, it  would take an additional 16 percent more tonnage on the railroad system  and 49 million truck trips annually to carry the same load.   U.S. trade policy and its effects on exports, and in particular  agricultural exports, have a major impact on the U.S. water  transportation system.   The United States is the world's largest agricultural exporting  country. U.S. agriculture exports in 2018--the last year we have  figures for--generated more than $300 billion in economic output and  directly supported more than 1 million jobs.   According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, about one out of  every three acres farmed in our country are planted for export.  Agricultural exports account for about a quarter of farm cash receipts,  in which 73 percent of these exports and 65 percent of imports were  carried on U.S. waterways. American farmers need foreign markets to  sell commodities and value-added agricultural products.   Compared to the overall economy, U.S. agriculture is twice as reliant  on overseas markets. Consumers in developing countries around the world  choose different foods to eat as their incomes rise. As a result, then,  there are emerging opportunities for exporting more meat, dairy  products, and farm commodities. U.S. exporters need to be able to take  advantage of those opportunities with only 96 percent of the world's  consumers living outside the United States. Obviously, for the 4  percent of the people who live in the United States, if you want to  market, you are going to spend a lot of time marketing to that 96  percent who live outside our country.   As the largest exporter of agricultural products in the world, the  United States delivers high-quality, reliable products to consumers  around the globe. Now, here at home, these exports are essential to  profitability in  [[Page S4851]]  agriculture, and the economic activity they generate obviously ripples  through the domestic economy.   We need to make sure that our current inland waterway infrastructure  is maintained in good condition. Congress has implemented policy  changes that provide more funding for the Inland Waterways Trust Fund  and adjusted cost shares of the trust fund to more efficiently fund and  complete the construction projects. I ask for robust funding to support  the use of the Inland Waterways Trust Fund for construction. This is  necessary to ensure that the inland waterways modernization,  replacement, and rehabilitation construction projects are funded at the  level supportable by the Inland Waterways Trust Fund.    The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Civil Works program currently faces  a large unmet need in its operations and maintenance account. I have  been encouraged that in the last several years, Congress has provided  additional funding to help address these backlogs. I request as much  funding as possible be provided for these operation and maintenance  activities.   The investigations account is also crucial for the inland waterways  system. There are currently 15 modernization projects that are waiting  to begin construction. It is critically important to complete design of  these projects so they can begin construction when the Inland Waterways  Trust Fund dollars become available. Failure to have design completed  will delay project delivery, ultimately leading to increased total cost  of the projects, as well as adding additional time to schedule project  completion. I ask that the investigations account be funded at a level  to support these projects, given current budgetary constraints.   On the Upper Mississippi River, multiple locks are well beyond their  50-year design life and cannot accommodate more tows, as we have to  have the barges break up their tows to get them through smaller locks.  So having to decouple the barges significantly slows down traffic on  the river and increases costs and emissions harmful, then, to the  environment.   I worked with my Upper Mississippi River colleagues here in the  Senate and a large, broad stakeholder coalition to get initial  authorization for this lock and dam modernization, the Navigation and  Ecosystem Restoration Program, signed into law. We have also continued  to work on receiving preconstruction engineering design and funding  that is provided for in the Navigation and Ecosystem Restoration  Program. It is important for that program to receive new start funding  so construction on these improvements can start taking place.   Lock and Dam 25, which is a key feature of the navigation and  ecosystem program, has received a significant portion of the $72.5  million appropriated for the navigation and ecosystem program thus far  and is ready to move to construction. That program is a key priority  for me and my colleagues, the State of Iowa, the region, and everybody  up and down the Mississippi River, and, eventually, the world benefits  from that increased efficiency.   We need all modes of transportation to help deliver our inputs, our  goods, and commodities both domestically and internationally. I want to  see robust navigation on the Mississippi River and other inland  waterways flourish.   I look forward to continuing to work with my congressional colleagues  and the administration on these important issues as appropriations and  infrastructure legislation is prepared and discussed.   I have one other short comment I would like to make on another  subject. It will take me about 2 or 3 minutes.   