 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from  Pennsylvania for hosting this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of every American family.  Cold, dark, and hungry is where those families will be if we continue  on this path: cold, dark, and hungry.   Just two years ago, the United States became energy independent, the  number one producer of oil and gas in the entire world, thanks to the  previous administration's leadership on deregulating industry that made  greater gains in reducing harmful emissions than any other  administration in the history of this country.   Now, we risk losing our competitive edge on the world stage with  needless regulations and more taxes in the budget reconciliation bill  that will only hurt small and independent producers and will hurt every  working-class family in this country.   Let's look across the Atlantic to our neighbors in Europe right this  second who are currently suffering through a cataclysmic energy crisis.  Their shortage of natural gas and fuel is causing multiple governments  across Europe to shut down factories and to warn their citizens to  prepare for consistent blackouts. Cold, dark, and hungry.   Meanwhile, the fuel lines are growing scarily close to what we saw in  the 1970s. This world of shortages, blackouts, and fuel lines may be in  Europe today, but it is going to be a reality right here in the United  States if this administration continues to push reckless and  destructive energy policies.   The fate of this is in the hands of this body right here, of  Democrats who say that they support oil and gas. But we know that the  vote that is going to happen this week will determine whether or not  they really support it.   As technology advances and the world population continues to grow, we  are only going to need more and more energy to power this world.   The truth is that renewables simply cannot provide affordable and  reliable energy. In my home State, in my district, we produce more wind  energy than the entire State of California. We know a little bit about  renewables.   A strong energy sector is nonnegotiable.   Unfortunately, my colleagues continue to push policies that have  destroyed American energy independence and will devastate over 10  million jobs right here in the United States.   American private energy industry ingenuity can compete toe-to-toe  with anyone in the world to deliver a safe and responsible energy  source, but we cannot shackle our production with ill-advised policies  and regulations.   The Permian Basin, where I represent, is the reason that every  American can enjoy affordable, reliable energy in so many other places  across this United States.   Energy security is national security, and nothing can be more  important. Anyone voting in favor of reconciliation is voting against  American energy and is voting against the independence that keeps our  national security so strong.   I urge my colleagues to support the energy industry and to embrace an  all-of-the-above energy approach, which is so dependent on American oil  and gas.   